my wife grace and i have been married for over and in that time had been relatively peaceful and pleasant . we had two great that were becoming fine young and we were living what most would call the dream . everything was just fine . save for the creeping crushing boredom that had begun to invade the entirety of our and relationship . we both knew we had to break out of the tight little box we had for ourselves before it crushed the love out of us . i had an idea . it s always nice to have a hobby . that is what i had always . until this past year i had never myself the pleasure or occasion to engage in an activity that was just for the sake of the endeavor . the fact that the hobby we decided upon was a hobby and not separate for each of us something of very our own to enjoy made it even uniquely more us . we both watching those scattered about the various cable home improvement . why not try something like that ? we figured . the idea was that on we would the city and countryside together seeking out the old and ramshackle with a goal to breathe a new life into those dying . how fitting right ? we were trying to renew our through . there was as much joy found in the hunt for these and as there was in the process of renewal and . it was amazing to have found such a fantastic new way to enjoy our time together and deepen our relationship . we to regularly engage in what we lovingly out treasure to the local flea and thrift to find furniture art and various other for us to reimagine together . in a way it gave us both a better insight into the of one another . the activity us to see how we each had both grown and subtly over the past . the sneaking that crept into our being so slowly over time that we t even realize . i mean it s not like we had into completely different people but i was even kind of to learn how my creative mind had over the . it made me feel new and fresh again . for a good while the treasure and repurpose went quite well but as do even this marvelous hobby at becoming a bit stale . running through the same and to get boring . that s when grace had the idea to start seeking out estate . at first i t too keen on the idea of up dead people s left but i be damned if we t find some great for down right reasonable . i should have known better . you have got to be careful when moving into the realm of the of those that have on . i mean sure we may very well have been doing so at thrift and flea as well but now we damn well knew it was the former possession of the recently deceased . there was just something that rubbed me wrong about certain . i made damn sure i was never party to taking ownership of like a dead gun . call me superstitious . i never even considered what darkness might be waiting to be unleashed by a departed art . i mean it s obvious now . the passion and purpose that someone into something like a painting an energy . if it t i don t think that art would be desired the way it is to . that energy the passing . sometimes the force that was the cause for the inspiration is even greater than we know . i know that now . a few ago we out of town to a large estate sale we found . normally we stayed close but for some reason it like the right time to strike out a bit further to find more more of what i had no idea . i don t know if we were looking for a connection or different or just something beyond the stagnant pool of that had been available in our usual lately . you know how it is once you have something you want even more . so we decided to start art as well . anyway we came across and acquired a hauntingly beautiful piece . our very first venture into being of art . it was a painting of a canal and city scene . the power of the painting may have from the fact that it was completely devoid of life and activity yet so full of wonder . the glistening of the canal . sunlight the impeccable craftsmanship of the . so detailed yet just out of focus enough so that the blurry broad drew in your focus and attention . it was breath taking . from the moment we we knew something special was waiting for us . it was almost as if something was calling out . drawing the two of us to an out of the way corner room of the mansion where the estate sale was being . to a lower level . not quite a basement yet not like a storm cellar either . it was a dark little room that i am not even sure was supposed to be open to the public for the sale . we t care . something was calling us . we t know what that something was but for some strange reason we knew just where this treasure would be found in the home . grace it from the moment she laid on it . i too fell in love . it s just that my first impression was a little bit different . a tingle shot up my spin like cold icy while the tiny on the back of my neck . i was hit in the face with this energy this blast of light in my mind s eye . it was an image . more like a photo negative of in image just across the screen of theater of my mind in blink of an eye . quick like those brad character into regular in fight club . i t quite sure what i saw or if i saw anything at all . my first impression was quickly brushed off and a warmth took hold of me as i at that beautiful work of art . my met grace s and we both with a joy and excitement in our hearts we t felt in quiet some time . if only i had known what that flash was . if i could have only had a better look at that image at the time . over the next few after the painting home and hanging it prominently in the center of our family room wall our love for this masterpiece only grew . we even it with its own little solar powered picture light to ensure that it softly at night to greet us if we upon it at night which i did . recently i have been taking to getting up to visit it at night . i have been a horrible time sleeping . i have been these strange type in my . it s hard to explain but i will try . you know those cut in where it like a blast of static and then a short blip of something else happening usually in lie a faded color or something maybe with a yellowish tint and then little blast of static and back to the show ? that is the kind of this that been happening while i dream . it can be any type of dream but that cut scene is always a little more of the same story . i can be doing some weird hike in the forest then bam ! cut to grace standing in front of that painting . i say standing but it was more like she was a being suspended by an unseen string to look as if she were standing . then poof back to and saving the world . over the past few nights and a bunch of little cut in grace had been getting closer to that painting at some point it to look as if there were someone else there watching from off to the side . someone or something was in the corner of the living but i could never get a good look . a shadow almost too large to be a person took up the corner of the room to the right of the painting . i t make out what or who it might be but i could feel them looking back . needless to say i was starting to feel by those not quiet . there was something just so creepy about the whole thing . it t that i saw anything terrifying i just felt it . i had to take a look for myself just to make sure . i guess i had to prove to myself that it t real . it t something that was really happening . i don t know . the sequence had the same for a good while . grace in front of the painting dangle walking closer and closer . a darkness watching from the corner of the living room . a sense of dread weighing down my soul . the bit size horror was always washed away by cutting back to the normal . until the point grace t getting any closer to the painting . she just t there . after that i to get closer to the painting . closer and closer until a little blurry figure in one of the empty of a building along the canal . a little blurry woman it . the darkness in the corner grew and with this the dread grew . i t help myself i always had to go and check the painting and the damned corner . i would pop out of bed and clumsily half stumble half run down the to the painting to ensure that there was no person in the window . no shadow in the corner . grace laying fast asleep in the bed as usual . i had to prove to myself that none of it was real . that was until now . it again tonight . only this time as i got closer the woman was in a different window and a little blurry man was in a boat in the canal . a little blurry man that to be wearing clothes very similar to what i was wearing when i off next to grace after work . i woke up and it was dark . it was dark and grace was gone . i the house and i could not find her anywhere . there was no answer any of the times i had tried her phone either . when i the painting just a few ago i swear i saw a little blurry woman in the window of that building in the exact same place as the flash scene in my dream . i am too to go look closely though . the shadow in the corner was there . i could feel it reaching out to me . i don t think that i am going to survive the night . if something to me don t sell that painting . burn it . so i have made some in the past but they are not important as they have been removed and were pretty minor . so as the title i run a house . that is not very accurate but close to what i actually run . i actually run a small town or village . it of a few but there is one large house which is basically the main building of the town or the town hall as people would call it . do not try to the village or try to find it . it is in it ' s own pocket dimension in this dimension and it stays hidden very easily . i will not say how to find it because i have had and made on my village before it was put into the pocket dimension . after i built the last of the first i went out to find . i this whole village for unnatural and for people who want a better or more interesting life . i go by an alias but i will not say my real name or alias name . i will just refer to myself as ace for now . my resident ' s will be as well . so onto the story of my first resident for the village . i went out one day in new york as i to see if i could find anyone . this was during the winter so wearing identity clothing was easy and not very suspicious . i around and surprisingly found nothing . so i went into a park area and into some nearby . low and behold i found a shack with overgrown covering everything but the door . since i figured it would be a place for someone that to be alone would live i and there i my first resident . i shall refer to him as vine because of his ability . now vine is a foot tall man with light green skin dark green and purple hair white and two on his back composed of and other . he the ability to grow and manipulate at will so i think he is some kind of dryad being . i found him in the bedroom of the shack sleeping on an old mattress and covered in and ivy . i decided to ask him a few and so i tried to wake him up . apparently he is a heavy sleeper and i had to use an to wake him . he was very and quickly me without much of a warning . that was when i the blood . it was everywhere on the front half of him . trailing from his mouth down to his boots . apparently this guy had been and eating the homeless along with eating anybody he came across . since this is not how i my first day of searching for a resident to go i just the out of there . after i got away i a pain in my leg . i look down and a thorn dripping with poison stuck in my leg . i was already woozy from walking around all day and promptly out . i awoke to being hung upside down by dead in a meat locker and watched as vine off my right arm . that hurt . vine out the room with my arm in a hurry and i was left hanging again . i to wiggle around until the broke and i fell onto the floor . no sooner than i hit the floor did i hear gun and hissing . i quickly got up with my one arm and saw some kind of police shooting vine . since i did not want a future resident to die i picked up a butcher knife and threw it into the police officer ' s shoulder . the reason i said some kind is because the officer had some weird futuristic rifle wore a mechanical suit but had a police hat on . took me a while to regrow my arm and when i did i snapped the police officer ' s neck . i the room i was in and finally got what by looking around . on the table was what i assumed to be a tracker meaning somehow vine got tracked either by being hit with a tracker or brought in a victim of his with a tracker . next the officer down the device with intent to kill vine and other and because i found a note kill and . after that vine off my arm left the meat locker and got shot a few time because vine was bleeding on the floor . this is where i gave him a choice stay here and try to live on his own if he the wounds or come with me and live . he obviously chose the latter and went with me . after the whole escapade i burned his old shack down to remove evidence and surprisingly nothing came up on the news . don ' t know who the officer was what he was or where he came from but i do know that there is more as i have been by them throughout the past few . vine did try to kill me a few times on the way to the portal to the village but i off an arm of his as revenge for . each attack involved toxic giant and him turning into an foot tall plant demon covered in and cyanide making . down though after he settled in . have been worse though as he his panic where he will go into a frenzy and try to kill anything near him . its been getting worse and he actually someone these . he getting more violent so we avoid him as much when he is in a foul mood . well that is my first resident i currently have other in my village and will be always looking for more . even if i get torn to or have to kill to get what i need i will never stop . it s to all of us at one . you re about to fall asleep either for a quick nap a long rest or just nodding off in class . then your brain to convince your body that you re falling you race up full of adrenaline and find yourself safe and sound your body seeming like it s just toying with you . it s annoying as . i spent my time in grad school sleep medicine and fascinated with the topic . i even a lecture devoted to the phenomenon . the explanation of it is simple your body s contract suddenly as if in a panic . there s a few that fit different people depending on their caffeine anxiety and for the most part it s person dependent why the jerk . there s another phenomenon that to people when they sleep that fascinated me sleep paralysis . your mind wakes up but your body does not and you sometimes undergo . the body t move as a defensive mechanism you t want to physically act out your all the time right ? before modern science people a lot of illness or phenomenon up to paranormal activity alien abduction . demonic possession . of people experience the jerk and of people experience sleep paralysis . it s the of people who don t have that are the at risk . i wrote my thesis on this but i m not sure i can turn it in . i m not sure i can defend it with a straight face . that s why i m this here where other people can weigh in and offer advice . sleep paralysis t always a hallucination . sometimes it s by . simply put they are from an age of and who have spent searching for a new body . they can only control a body that no resistance but is still aware of its surroundings . this is where the of come from people that got taken over by a fairy when they were sleeping . they mimic the person they control but it s not perfect and they sometimes get caught . the body some resistance however . when the fairy to enter a person all the will contract and the spirit will be . the jerk a nuisance to be sure but one of the body ' s best defensive . around of people claim to not have experienced a jerk and an even smaller percentage are physically unable to undergo one . if a person in that small group sleep paralysis without being able to undergo a jerk they risk being taken over by a fairy if one them during an episode . they wake up as someone completely new trying to act the way they did before they were taken over . i m working on different ways to spot people that t what they say they are but i don t have a large sample size to work with . if you know anyone that acting strangely out of nowhere please let me know they might be just what i m looking for . the next time you wake up as if you were falling don t get . just be glad you woke up at all . " there a person on the side of the road go check on him " " hey buddy do you hear me ? hello ? . . . . sir i think he is blacking out . " " stay with him and try to keep him awake i ' m still trying to get the trucker out . " " alright sir stay with me talk to me what ' s your name ? " " my name is " this was the last thing i got to say before everything turned a voidless black . i woke up an unknown time later in a bed . the bed was covered with a snowy white quilt it had a white pillow it ' t that comfy but ' t hard either . in fact everything was white in that room starting from the to the ceiling . next to me i " . . . . . . " . it was a heart monitor . i tried to move but as i did so a sharp pain hit me like a train . i slowly raised my hand up and saw i had some sort of tube attached to my arm when i to my left i saw an infusion pump . it had a little bag of water attached to it the water was slowly going through the tube and into my arm . i was in a hospital . i tried to move again but the pain was holding me tackled to the bed . a few later a doctor into the room . on his chest he had a badge with his name i squinted my to see it it was jay . " oh you ' re awake . " said jay with a small smile . " yeah . . . doc i guess i am what the hell ? " " well it was a around p . m when we got the call from your phone it distressed and you only to mutter a few before the call ended " help . . . road . . . crash . . . please " . we tracked the signal of your phone and what we found at the scene was a mess . that ' s all i can tell you . oh and by the way your voice different than when you . it ' s like it ' t you who when the phone rang but it must be my imagination and also there are some who want to talk to you . i ' let them know you are awake . " " what the . . . . hey wait . i for him but he was already out the door . " after a few of being lost in my now more that i had before i to jay some men dressed in black with black came in . one had a black leather suitcase shut tight . " hello mark i hope you remember your name since you got pretty up . " " mark ? " i said a questionable tone . " oh yeah . . . you ' re right that ' s me . who are you ? " " sorry to inform you but we can ' t disclose that . all i can say is that we are here to ask you some . " said the man with the suitcase now . the suitcase some sort of there to be a lot of them he out a bolt pen and a sheet of paper attached to a blue . " i won ' t say anything before you tell me what the and is happening ? " i said sounding angry but to be honest i was more and confused than angry . the men then whispered something among them i ' t hear what . fine . said one of them now a little " we can tell you some stuff but not all good ? " " yeah something is better than nothing . " i now down . " well as jay told you it was on today is so you have been out a few days . we got the call you caught up until this point right ? " " yeah i am . " then let us tell you what we found at the scene . when we got there . said the man while looking at me his a question " are you sure you want to proceed with this ? " " sure go ahead . " i said with a worry tone . the men " alright you this . as we rolled up on the scene it was like a tornado hit . there was a jeep well what was left of it anyway the jeep was melted together with the front of a truck the front of the jeep the truck an unusual length up until the trailer . in the middle of the combined there was a lot of smoke that into a high flame setting the and what was left of them into fire . we checked the jeep but it was empty except for a few . the smell of burning rubber and oil was becoming more by the second . when we checked the truck there was a man in there he was out cold his was the only thing that kept him from flying through the windshield of his truck . it took a few to pull him out of the wreck and we barely to before the whole thing caught on fire when we finally did pull him out he was already dead " we around to find anything else and we found you . you were laying in a ditch away from the . we ordered the to run to you to check you up . you still had a pulse very weak but it was there . they tried to keep you awake but you before they could do too much . they got you in an ambulance and rushed to the hospital . " he said this last sentence that he told me what he could . " what the . . . what how am i alive ? " i curiously and . " well it is that the truck in your lane there were burn on his side of the road . somehow you to react fast enough to jump out of the car i don ' t know how you did that how you had the courage but that is the only reason you are alive as of now . " said the man him being in more disbelief than i was . i was in shock i got lost in my head again . what the hell on this why would the truck swerve in my lane then it all came back to me all the . " now mark we told you what you to know and now we want you to answer some . " " sure i guess i can answer since you did me a . " " alright then we are listening . " said the men looking with curiosity from them . " well i don ' t know how clear i remember these my mind is foggy but i do remember what a few before the crash . i don ' t remember the whereabouts of where i was coming from but i know i was going home . as i was driving i saw something on the opposite lane " " something ? " said one of the men with one eyebrow raised " can you describe that something ? " the suitcase guy . " yeah i was about to before i got interrupted . " i said with a chuckle but i don ' t think they my humor after a short pause that felt like eternity i continued " well anyway as i got closer i saw that it was . . . a little boy . but he was very unusual . his clothes were old and dirty his shirt and shorts had in several . his hair was a messy darkness and it like he had all over his body . basically he like he to an older era definitely not this one . " the men were now looking at me so intense i could feel their piercing my soul giving me a slight nausea feeling . " continue " said one of them while scribbling what i think were the that i just told them . " right so i squinted my to make sure i ' t he was on that road as much as i was . but then something a truck out of nowhere it was coming as fast as a truck could go . i my horn as many times as my hand went . the boy ' t move not even a twitch or a doge nothing . the driver ' t slow down he was on his phone . when he that he was about to hit the little guy he as well for him to get out of the way but to no avail . what next i can only describe as something from a movie . the boy out of nowhere rotated his head to me . his face old and but what was the worst was his face . instead of he only had filled with the black i ever seen it was than the night i can ' t describe how dark and empty those were . " the men were now standing mouth agaze staring at me in disbelief . " is something wrong ? " i them it took a few before i got a response " yea . . . yeah everything is alright go on " finally said the guy writing the . " so his he starred through me through my soul . he ' t speak but in my head all i could hear was " jump . . . jump . . . jump . car . . . jump . " as i was trying to register what was happening the truck driver violently in my lane seemingly out of nowhere but before the impact could land something in me i don ' t know what made me jump from my car . i just the door and . i rolled on the ground for a bit until i fell down what like a small hill . i hit my head on something probably a rock and everything fuzzy . i lost track of time and where i was out of nowhere i saw a medic trying to talk to me but i think i faded " " is that all . mark ? " one of the men trying to hide his excitement but it was through his . " yeah that ' s all i can remember . " i ' t mention the excitement they had my instinct told me not to . " incredible mark thank you and that was all we your hospital are covered by us hope you get better soon . " the men now getting up to leave . " thank you . . . but a quick question . " i said and they back at me " am i in danger ? " . i don ' t know from where that question came i don ' t think it was me who was but a little inside me that was afraid of getting a punishment for doing something wrong . " well " said the suitcase guy stopping and looking at the other one presumably with " should we tell him ? " " well mark all we can tell you is that you death and death ' t like being on " . he with a smirk on his mouth . " cheating death ? " i now worrying " how could i cheat death ? " yes mark and when death angry he comes after you again making sure you die in a more gruesome death than the first one would ' been . " continued the men now looking at me with a " sorry " written in his and they left . now i had a million more running in my mind what the hell ? why did it happen ? one thing my mind kept to was the little boy more so his the empty black in them the lack of emotion from them it ' t leave my mind . yesterday i got out of the hospital jay said i ' m good to go and that i incredibly well and fast . i was happy to finally go home . as i got home something about my house was off like something that ' t belong in it was in it . i it off as being paranoia and i decided to eat something and call my she . only it ' t her . the voice from the other end like a year old he spoke fast i still could understand him but he was fast and hung up right after leaving me no time to reply . " sorry mark i tried to save you the driver was drunk his death was due that day . but i ' t expect him to swerve on your side of the road that ' s why i told you to jump i ' t expect you to and i marked you as collateral but you did and that me . now your death is due tomorrow at night since i have to make it up to my boss sorry again . " " what the ? " i slowly to myself " what the ? " i checked to see if i the right number i did . i thought it was a prank but it ' t be the number was right . i tried to call back but when i did my this time it was her . " hi mark are you out of the hospital yet ? " said her in a usual warm voice sounding happy that i . i and i must ' taken too long since another " hello ? " came from the other end . " yeah the doc said i very well and that was a miracle how fast i . " " oh that ' s just great honey i ' m doing some work now you know how busy we get on ' s . " " oh then i ' talk to you later . " i said trying to get the call to end faster . " dear i ' call back when i can . " said my and hung up . " what the actually is happening ? " i like someone was next to me listening to me . " i call my and a boy my name and me i ' die tomorrow night and up . next time i dial the same number my all happy and well what the hell ? " i again getting angry . " well anyways it ' s late i need to get some sleep i ' t get much sleep while i was in the hospital . " i to myself and went to sleep . i woke up today i had forgotten about the last day ' s so i went on with my day like usual . only when p . m came i " " i said if what the guy . . . said is true i ' be to be at my house . i my car not to lock the house up or get any clothes just some money and my car . i drove to a hotel pretty far from my house and booked days there . i figured that would be enough . i was wrong . now as i ' m writing this it ' s a . m and outside from my window i can see a small standing in a little spot of light given by the street pole looking up at me . his are black . there s an old legend surrounding the nearby swamp . i live right by it and i can tell you that i have seen a number of odd happening around the immediate area . beyond the that could suck you clean of all bodily and the glowing of the there are other that people don t seem to like talking about . you have your run of the mill about witch and swamp that live in raised above the creature . there are few other more terrifying than what to the rhinestone cowboy . he s something of a local legend and he s been long dead for more than fifty or sixty at least depending on who you ask . so it goes that if you go out in the you can find him floating in the water . if you catch his fancy he pull you out of your fan boat and drown you in the murky . although people tend to play up his nefarious nature even as a child i t help but wonder if the were true . story it that he was an aspiring country musician and shortly after he d been on with a record label he d been out into those and was hung from one of the old green in the water . whoever had to retrieve the body must have had one hell of a time doing it if anybody ever did . now you might be wondering exactly why it was that someone would want to murder him . therein the joke ever on anyone with a soft heart and a white face in the south no matter what you do you end up loving a family of . there are the and then there are the complacent . i have been among the latter and i never stop myself for it . he was gay . he another man and the found out about it . they him for it . no investigation . some people say the were among the men that did it . i would believe that . i in the swamp lots when i was a small boy and i never did see the cowboy . far as i was concerned he was no more real than the witch . boy would i be thrown for a loop . there was this neighbor i d play with when i was a boy . his name was and he was black . my pa never said anything about it in so many but it always that he was no fan of my friend . and as though he could pick up on this . there was a strange air whenever the two were in a room together . my pa never outright forbade the boy from over but never . we d play in the nearby sometimes going so far as to dip our in the swamp water the point was to see who would leave their in the murky . he always won . it even then i was wary of the swamp but i could not fathom exactly why . me and would stay out late catching the and them come bedtime . he was a good friend to me but as childhood do we grew apart . so maybe that s why when i saw the giving him trouble in the pool hall i took notice and them . although we d not spoken to one another in some time we saw one another around town often and would nod to let the other know we were still friendly . he left and the three him as he down the street i kept a healthy distance so that i could fall under the realm of plausible when eavesdropping . they hurled at him and spit on the ground . continued walking peaking his as though he were very very ready for something terrible to happen . spun to confront the three men beneath a circle . leave me the alone ! his voice out sure to wake up half the town but i could see the of water in his and i knew he was . my stomach into my . before i could even react one of the a solid fist back and it directly into s nose . a stream of blood immediately shot down the front of his shirt and the and at the sight of the stuff over so that he fell on his side . they took turns kicking him and i the distinct of shattering . they were undoubtedly breaking his . without permission my mouth shot off hey ! stop it ! my voice could scarcely be a yell but they me nonetheless . slowly their attention turned to me . one of the men a mountain dew bottle up to his bottom lip a thick strand of black spit to run into the receptacle . what do you want pussy ? leave him alone . if you keep it up i m going to call the police . you re not going to do ! that was true . i t move . i was frozen to the spot with a lump in my throat the size of a gopher . it took no time at all before they me and me into the ground with a flurry of quick to the face and neck . i tried covering my head but i know they got in a few perfect and it t long till the whole world was a swollen black and red nightmare . i d been unconscious . i awoke to the slow lull of something that felt like a swaying crib . or perhaps i d been all the way back to my infancy and i was in my mother s arms . then the pain like a jet ran through my body . i through two and could see the of the three men . they were sitting on the of a fan boat . that s when it on me that the constant hum i was hearing was the fan . the were about this and that tossing beer into the water their were totally indiscernible over the engine . i was in the floor of the boat and as i my neck up i could see the men in the nest on more clearly . then the face of met me . he was lying next to me and around to look me in the face . i could see his arms and were bound this is the exact moment that i was all too aware of the on my own . the fan and the canopy overhead was excessively thick blotting out the moon . we were shrouded in darkness . those were going to dump us in the swamp and leave us for dead . like your awake . said one of the down to look upon our . you two need a bath to wash the stink you . this must have been ridiculously funny because the gaggle carried on in a bout of . one me by my and another me beneath the . in they were swinging me back and forth to leverage my own weight over the side of the boat . before i could even scream i was in the black water and sinking fast . i should have my breath before being thrown overboard because my mouth filled with water . and with it my . no matter how hard i and twisted against the twine they d bound me in i could not free myself . at a certain point i was uncertain if i d already out or if it was merely the absence of all sound and sight around . i hit bottom and felt the last of my body give in to the whim of death . then a pair of onto my hair . my mind immediately shot back to the tales i d of the rhinestone cowboy . he was going to hold me under till he was sure i was dead ! but no ! i t being down . i was being up . it felt as though the would rip the scalp right off my head but i knew what its were and through the pain . we broke the surface of the water and i around looking in all . had me by the hair with one hand and onto the side of the boat with the other . after slicing my clean we aboard and i was up the muddy sludge of the swamp in sickening . how did you do it ? i through the water . was squeezing his injured sides and quickly to the of the fan boat firing it alive . the were nowhere to be found . i t do it . said . there was some cowboy out here . i don t know how to explain it . as we left the spot in the swamp and searching for to determine our location i a glance over the side of the boat behind us . in a tree there hung three listing . i do not think the rhinestone cowboy is a force for good . he is a vengeful spirit that much i know . i reckon he with too much hate in his heart . he me to come back and he to put me among those other men in the tree . and me have and go to the pool hall for now and then but ever since that night we both felt it . like i said i live right by that swamp . and some nights i can hear the acoustic guitar of a sad cowboy . he s calling for me to go back . he to put a rope around my neck . i know that . and so when i hear those they match the rhythm of the chill up my spine and i am unable to sleep for the call of the swamp . on you can read that saturnalia was an ancient festival and holiday in honor of the god on of the calendar and later expanded with through to . what they can t tell you is that in the of where no tourist this custom is still very much alive . our village no more than people forgotten somewhere between the completely isolated from modern world surveillance and religion an introvert s dream coming true . by our very king and his wise consort we carry on our despite the funny little the world upon our most important festival to erase its real meaning . and still live to the present year but they have always been recluse even for our . the only time of the year they ever come out of their secret shack in the very heart of the mountain is saturnalia . my mother is a direct descendent of the nymph which us a little bit of privilege within the community however we try not to let it go to our head . since i was a i look forward to the saturnalia pretty much the whole year probably even more than you . from the th to the th we party non stop . we drink wine no matter our age and indulge ourselves in good food and good fun . as an adult got more fun as i being to the gambling and the . we exchange all of with our my are stuff from the outside . i make it very clear that we re not some uncultured . from the cradle we learn about the and their pathetic little ways of life . people who live incredibly short and unfulfilling people who hate spending time with their own family and people who d do the most despicable for a god they so call god people whose body decay too son and this is almost blissful because their existence is mostly unbearable . disposable people . and you know what ? although the days of are amazing it old after a few . no matter how daring our debauchery becomes it s still the same old people you known since forever . so i d say the most exciting part of saturnalia is the hunting . the hunting is always thrilling and unpredictable the only time of the year we ever leave home . don t get me wrong we t in or anything . we simply have no reason to mingle in such inferior boring culture but sometimes if one of us is feeling bold we leave a second time to get someone a great birthday present too . simply stealing someone s then watching all the panic and their puny law enforcement is amusing but nothing getting his gift with our outstanding beauty and superior it s so easy to lure . it can almost get dull if you lack imagination . but not me . i m not one of those i know a secluded place kind of people . every year i devise a new exhilarating way to hunt for my family s offer you see this is one of the little i was talking about . we have five my mother included and each of their is in charge of a sacrifice my who love me very much always let me go get ours . and this year i myself . despite my of life i don t look a day older than none of us physically age past the sexy grey head phase and although seduction is a very cheap and method this time was different . i seeped into their for . i made them trust me almost love me . as i made out with this guy s and he pretty much while watching us i decided that i both . a couple of foreign looking for cheap is my favorite i can t resist . they were so pretty so delicious that i just t choose just one . for the first time in forever a single family would offer two . them back was as usual very easy despite the small i set up for myself in order to make the journey more . their first two days in the community oh how they it ! they were given the best wine the best food every single pleasure you can and cannot imagine it was like we to serve them . s food to be fresh and juicy so we spare no to season it . and then came today . as usual my mother s offer was the first . people cheered loudly as we brought the pair to the temple most already tipsy from regular wine both and confused but i was pretty sure they were just getting too old after all we re not immortal we just might look like it since the rest of the world is as short lived as a . although of course the rest of us can t live as long as those two over is five times our normal . they must possess some magical power that s only diluted in us . as my latest and down the aisle today by me and my we were very close to finding out about that . tied and made walk among the crowd that watched them with hungry the couple finally what their fate was and with that the finishing touch to the plate was added a pinch of fear to spice it to create a depth of flavor . i put the two of them on the altar . you two are so pretty . thanks for the i with a gentle smile . my time with them was indeed pleasant . and i brought down my for the lack of a better recognizable term slitting both their at once . as the blood down the marble table my younger sister masterfully it with a couple of bowls they d be added to the first wine we are to drink tomorrow to improve our longevity and health . everyone and clapped except for our two . they . for a moment i feared that i might have done something wrong but it turns out that i done the thing any of us ever did . i fed after no millennia of starvation . why am i so hungry ? an impossibly thunderous voice through the whole temple it was so powerful that the very marbled from the cracked . completely naked all skin and with nothing but his staff in hand himself he stood taller than the rest of us but not tall enough to be a giant . although certainly tall enough to tower over his striking even more fear into their hearts . the two tried to escape but them in the blink of an eye . ! he cutting both and in half at once . you been stealing my to keep your fake youth . he then feeding on their it all so fast that their brains were still working and they with both halves of their while being . there was silence in the temple as he finished heavy brutal silence . none of us had ever seen as we were instructed by the two on how to perform the ritual . it turns out that they made some in order to have the to them not to our god they us all by like on the food we so thoroughly so lovingly prepared for the divinity . but apparently not even a nymph and an undying king can vessel two at once so the second went to at long last . what are you waiting around for ? bring more ! he to the crowd once again you could hear the marble cracking . everyone ran around hurriedly the four other . but it was nowhere near enough . right now it s been twelve since woke up and he s sitting in the middle of the temple naked and bloodstained sloppily eating to make it up for almost three thousand of starvation . after he was finished with both the and the other four some their own flesh and he gladly accepted we are secluded after all so it at least one hour of running to reach the next living soul . and he t wait not after all this time . almost everyone was put on feeding duty the five are tirelessly running around the country people and sending them in . but it s nowhere near enough either . after eating people is still and unstoppable . he t even slow down in fact he to be eating faster than ever now his appetite is the most savage thing i have ever seen . i ' m not lie even i am of him . so i came here to tell you that or even won t be enough . thanks to two stupid quasi you re all ending up as a snack for a starved . the population of maybe even will be . you can try to run or hide but there s nowhere his famine won t reach . if you want what s best for you if you d rather meet your inevitable fate the easy way go and indulge yourself to the extreme . gambling gluttony lust they all make your last on earth better your meat and my life so much easier i m alone on seasoning duty today . xb center ancient through my as i into the parking lot . an immensity towering over an ocean of pavement . from the lot . withering autumn . employee parking different at night . daytime the place struck me as a away nook between two anchor but with visibility divided and it was just wrong . like driving through a terrible part of town . no light there either apart from the neighboring truck court . all i knew could be a guy crouched behind the or the strewn assortment of junk the exterior maintenance guy had collected and what a pile it was . as i my car uncertain whether i d even got between the faded that junk even more astounding what must been worth of everything from broken to to and plant forming this dreary graveyard out of sight and mind . from public view by great brickwork dividing one anchor store lot from another . this little dump and its little truck court had gotten caught in the middle . i threw the door open it shut and dashed for the warm light past the lot and refuge . still my guard uniform soaked through in frigid rain by the time the great maw of brick and cement had me . truck court smelled of garbage and for good reason since waste and various found their home here . old newspaper soda and cigarette had formed a vile topsoil layer above the cement . my boots clung with each step towards the great double and as i used my to turn the lock and enter thunder through the air alongside a searing flash . great weather for a first shift . weaving my way through dusty back with bare cement and i if only by a vague recollection to find the break room . i clocked in at one a . m . sharp myself into the neighboring security office and paying mind to its unkempt splendor . either someone had been in a rush to leave or was just messy . . . and forgetful . duty boots were there a half bag of chips even a cell phone charging near the computer desk . not the security phone either i d seen that during orientation which had been during the day for unknowable . management said training during midnight was an inconvenience though it threw a question my way surrounding just who d been the former guard if anyone was even still filling the shift . guess my time and a half pay made up for that inconvenience . still it t give me much faith in the place s management . in this day and age t doing the best but for it to be this decrepit ? pretty depressing . still i t be one to judge . i d taken this job for an easy sixteen an hour and even if the place t in the best shape money was money . t found myself screwed out of that just yet at least . as the security phone on you at all times was mandatory i found it sequestered between a calculator and a mall rule violation sheet in the office s one desk . guy before me who d rushed out before i could relieve him supposedly a big no no here only fit the charging cable half into the port . with the screen protector on it might been a little more difficult but unless this guy was just really lazy he t just in a hurry . he was just plain bolting out of here . i switched on the phone and found fifty two percent battery life and a low security badge lock screen greeting me . on the night log an orange one my attention from its smooth little bubble . your first night was the only document that up on the current date . there had been nothing straight for three and before that the got or the just got . out of obligation and admitted curiosity from the lock i the document to find some . then again maybe some probably t the best description . hello it s the note read . thank you again for choosing to work for us here at . like i said in the interview we been looking for a competent guy to take care of at night . the last guy quit on us rather suddenly but from what i about your work and attendance over at the big mall up north it s been exemplary . no there . anyhow aside from what we during your orientation there are a couple more i detail in this log . as noted in the application you re free to get homework done between your patrol . watch a movie if you want on your phone if you re . just make sure you get your in at least every half hour as this is very important for several . make absolutely sure all exterior get locked properly and find the temp from the boiler room . considering the number of this may take a while but i assure you for the safety of everyone involved it is vital to ensure every single one is taken care of . even the entrance . aside from this while we don t have interior in this facility it is very important to monitor the parking lot in a timely fashion . the protocol for these is as between the of twelve and four a . m . there are no or other permitted on site . if you see a figure or entity approaching any of the during this time do not grant them access . after four a . m . be certain to inspect every would be tenant or visitor before them entry . ask some pertinent and do not grant those with black colored a way in under any circumstance . the last line made me do a double take but what rattled me more about this was the lack of any further explanation ahead . i a metallic grinding sound from the adjacent hall and while i felt certain of its relation to the or something the silence that aside from white noise rain was deafening . i d warmed up from the rain now but an altogether distinct chill like a cold dead finger ran its way along my spinal cord . i read on . two more final important . occasionally usually around once per hour you may find one or two you locked have had their or come undone . while we are doing our best to get this issue resolved for the time being please do your due diligence to ensure that you secure every door . i want to stress that especially during the time between twelve and four there is nobody related to the facility trying to enter . in the unlikely event you find anyone besides you in the mall do not call the police . if there is a theft in progress do not intervene . your job is strictly to ensure remain locked and the facility is running in working order . the local police department taken issue with the frequent unnecessary we have been sending them in prior . do not call . last ignore any scratching growling or whispering you may hear while making . this building is old and in noticeable ways and when mixed in with the various and on the floor and their it s possible to hear that just t there . as this been an ongoing and commonly issue if you feel as though you are in immediate danger from these please return to the security office lock the door and remain inside for no more than fifteen to collect yourself . there is nothing to worry about . this all being said thank you again for joining the team ! if you have please call or text me or ted during mall . we will not be available at night . have a wonderful quiet evening and a happy ! security director . something told me i t understand the full extent of what i d up to do . while it was close to and all on a new employee as this bizarre guide did was far from professional . even though the place the outfit even far from professional as well this veteran with and a beard ' t give me any impression of being a prankster . i caught something in my peripheral vision as i stood there . a dark wrong thing my knew was poison . i t want to look but i had to . raw instinct forced my action . as my head turned the in my neck practically had to snap their way individually into motion . towards one of the lining the i felt an unknowable sensation . i d of a sixth sense before i d vaguely interesting about how people thought knew a sixth sense but not until now did i understand . could i comprehend . there motionless upon the grainy black and white flat screen and distorted briefly by a scan line stood a figure . an outline just inside the truck court light . truck court number three . the one i d from . i could make nothing out . no no nothing . but i knew it was there . i knew it was watching me . this last year when i was on a search and rescue mission . it was for a family who went missing two ago we received news from the police that they received a ping from a beacon . i my team together to get ready to head out . hey got a light ? cigarette hanging loosely from his mouth . and i always got along well since we were . sure i got one i said as i handed him a matchstick . what ' s the matter with your lighter ? he taking a puff out of his cigarette . does it really matter ? i to him no but i assume someone like you would have a lighter not carry around all the time . i said before we dove into another conversation get everything ready to go so we can leave he everything essential such as a map a compass extra food and water extra clothes a first aid kit and a fire starter kit . we were ready to go . we got into our trucks and headed out for the from our base . as we headed into the the getting and like rain said looking out the window with a blank expression . yeah only the more reason to find that family fast i . always had a hard time on these i could tell . we got onto the main trail which would take us to where the beacon went off . we walking with the rest of the group which of me amy russel jack and . we all along the trail the family would be alive . hey ? said do you have the feeling that wrong here ? . yeah i feel it too added . the rest of us ' t feel a thing . they were known for being paranoid on these so we just continued on . nightfall came quick and the rain slowly to fall . we never really saw any of disaster as we the area we were all . the site was with scratch covering the around it the were torn through and all the were scattered . jack up to my side what in the living hell here he whispered to himself . the rain was heavily pouring now so we put on our from our . that ' s when we a loud snapping noise behind us . we let out small as we all turned to see what he was looking at . we all froze instantly we saw it in the just staring at us . it was an extremely tall and pale creature at least tall it had incredibly long with blood dripping from them it had a thin body black beady and a mouth full of long sharp teeth like . we all froze and slowly to back away as the thing to approach us . i recently into a new house in a small hood . although the neighborhood is small it is not in the countryside . i live in a town with very few . the first time i came and had a look around the i found the place to be very well let ' s say " empty ' . i only know one of my yet i don ' t talk to them that often . the old owner of my house was said to have left in a hurry . i never really thought much of it and since the place was going for a small price and in good condition it was a bargain . i ' t move in until early august and everything was great . there where few i ' t been in yet it was kind of a big house for one person . the house came with an attic were i live it ' s very rare to have a basement and those that had one never spoke of it or used it . however i ' t been in the attic until i was forced to . . a few days after moving in and i to smell strange unpleasant . i ' t even begin to describe to you what they smelt like . to be quite honest i don ' t think you would want to know . for the first few days i had assumed it was something in the . so when i left for work i leaving small open the bit to ventilate the area . but i found it ' t work i would come home to the smell being . i ' t leave open either or the smell would continue to get . after many days of the strange i air these to work for awhile and where good . i had a few come over from back at home and threw a small party . everyone happy with the area and where no . until i my self unhappy with the house . i that would randomly be open i had never been in . i shortly angry and small thing around the house that way i would know someone was moving them . i did find the ' t touched but continued to be and closed . days came and i shortly used to the strange behaviour and figured that maybe it was me or i ' t getting enough sleep . a few down the line i finished work or rather i was on a break . i had decided to clear out the attic since i had to make room for some of my thing from my old apartment . i figured the attic would be the best place since it ' t be in anyone ' s way . i the door down and out came a ladder i set the ladder straight and to climb into the attic . it was cold in the attic and dark there was a small source of light coming from the bottom of the ladder . after randomly pressing the to try and find the light switch i finally found it . i the light switch and everything clear to me . there was and and mess everywhere from the old owner since i ' t sure what to do with it i decided i was going to take a look at it . i know i ' t have but since it was in my house and technically their stuff was mine now . i moving some of the toward the end of the attic ceiling more space behind me . i a box from in front of me and it on the floor it was full of sports equipment thing i wouldnt useful . i out all the sports stuff back into the box and searching more and more . although the where heavy they ' t the bit full . after searching through many i found a file that was together with a small bit of paper . the file was old intact it like i could crease or tare really easily . as i went to place the on the floor the light in the attic went out . i froze as i say in the dark hopelessly . " ugh " i the light of the day had been blocked out and there was no source of light i feeling my way down the till i was able to grab a hold of a torch . i the again and sat back down with the folder something ' t feel right in the attic so i took the folder out and to read through the folder . there where times written in this folder of people who had lived in this house . i was confused i ' t really been that about the until i found a picture of the previous owner . i found it odd the where correct and everything but what was strange was she ' t dead . every other person had been ticked as dead she must be alive somewhere . i to the final page where i found a picture of me a picture no one could have taken . a picture only i would have taken i was confused when i saw it . . i back at it in horror no one been in this house for and i been hear for long either it ' s almost like they new i was going to move in . and i guess now for an update i am afraid to sleep at night i see all along the and i hear in the dark and my electricity out regularly this in me to leave quickly and sleep at my friend ' s or sometimes to book . i don ' t know what to do and i have a feeling ill be running for ever . . . what when your identity is stolen ? the front door with a click . her high dance along the floor tap tap that sweet sound when i know she s coming . i m always eager to see her . she her bag down on the table . her tote the one her got her a few back for . just days until that momentous occasion the day everyone for until it and then they wait until the next time it and so on . what s so special about that one day ? we re not even she s not even don t check . why not ? i ask . i m . i m about to buy something ! for someone special she at me . i chuckle . don t spend too much on me . you know how i feel about i remind her . i hate getting . i don t know why i have no idea . it me uncomfortable i hate the sentiment and the care that it . i don t love getting people either . i do anything for you on any day buy you a meal help you move i don t know but i hate and i don t really love . i won t say i hate only because i don t want to sound like a scrooge . i like the and the music is nice . not a big fan of but i watch them with the right person . it s the the money it on both . i hate people spending money on me and i don t like people spending that much time and effort all for me . and their little with their little of wisdom and their little and their little pet and their little of all the that make me so . i don t know how to explain it it just me uncomfortable . and i don t love giving either . it too much money and it s really stressful . i m always worried i mess something up . but it t matter because in my life i m the only one who like this . here s my wife right in front of me sitting across the table on her mac me something and she taps the and she up and her widen and . you lose access to your billing and credit card information . what the hell ? what ? our credit card . it was declined . it must just be a mistake i begin . no no . right here my credit card . and now the won t let me log in . the t ? it never does that . something s wrong . let me see . i pull my phone out of my coat pocket open the try logging in . you re right . something s wrong . days until ! days to buy everything my family and have expressed interest in and our bank is us . i don t even like . can we just not participate in this year ? i m sure everyone would understand . i m sure it would be alright no one would care . i m sure . t we just opt out ? you know just not do ? not funny . i t . still not funny . t there a movie about that ? she her free fist on the table her other gripping her cell phone so hard i expect it to shatter any second rattling the silverware . damn it . no answer again ? the bank won t let us in our account . the bank won t pick up our . it s a maybe they re closed . they re closed i checked . days until and nothing new here . it s a we t go to church because we don t go to church . we t go to work because we don t work . i barely have any cash and for some every bank in this city is closed . we re living off of you could say . i look up at her she s . i ask . what do we do ? i stop by on . on my way home from work . it all be soon . it all be soon though . she said she s going to stop by the bank on her way home from work tomorrow . it all be soon . days until . i just got home from work . she off about an hour before me she should be home soon . i hope everything is going well . . you don t receive your or any mail . we t get any mail today which is abnormal to say the least . we usually get of and it s that time of the month . the usually pile up right before . i can t think of a worse time can you ? finally was revealed that i hear as i walk past the . and this was when the i stroll past again . and now there s a new way to and once more . could not be easier and i m and i t realize until now . i past the four times and have no idea what the woman on the screen is talking about . i thought it was the news but now it like an . a seamless transition the perfect . i m because i m . i m because the tick by tick tick and my wife still t gotten back . i t panic to the bank always take a while . they always make you wait and wait and tick tick tick and i t panic and i definitely t try to call her but i am . i m calling it s ringing she t answer . i m calling it s ringing she t answer . call ring voice mail call ring call ring call ring and i m . i m . i t panic but i panic . i pace and pace . call ring panic pace call ring panic pace and suddenly there s just days until ! it s a beautiful . the sun through my window i can hear the distant chatter of . there s a massive gaping hole in the next to me . i m shaking . she s still not here . my pillow is a different color from the . i cried all night . i wept and wept . i have to go to the . i have to find her . i have to do something . i pull on some clothes don t know what not paying attention . i went outside forgot my . going back out now i m off . check the mail ? nothing . my phone . i stop walking . i grab my phone with such force that i m sure there will be a bruise on my outer thigh . i tear the thing from my pocket to see unknown caller . . alright ? alright . i answer . . you get regarding that t yours . hello ? hello is this yes who s calling ? i been informed you are in debt . debt . yes i m a debt collector . you are in debt . you ? so ? please pay your . i thought this was going to be my wife calling . you are indebted . please pay . i have to find her . i up and put my phone into my pocket . he talking . hello ? can you still hear me ? my hand is back next to my ear my phone back in my palm the call still going . i up and put my phone into my pocket . and he . sir . you need to i up and put my phone into my pocket . yet again . you will regret your . . . going to find my wife now . alright . alright . see you then . see you . bye bye . i up and put my phone back into my pocket . i up and put my phone back in my pocket . bye bye . i begin to walk down the street . you are in debt . i begin to walk just a bit faster . i am a debt collector . i speed up again . you are indebted . i continue speeding up . please pay . i m running now . please pay your . i am . i up my phone and put it back into my pocket . my move faster than they ever have before . hello ? can you still hear me ? i begin to sprint faster than i ever thought i was capable of . i am a debt collector . faster than any car . you are indebted . please pay . faster than an airplane . faster than light . you will pay . the bank ! the bank is in view . bye bye . i up my phone and put it back into my pocket . i soar through the sky breaking breaking . i glide among the among the above the and the . now there are only days until . she is nowhere to be found . i am above all else . above the . above the . i can see everything . i can see every city every street every house every country every continent . i can see it all there is nothing i can t see . except for her . i see her nowhere . nowhere to be found . days until . my phone never vibrating . while my pants ripple under the wind my phone and and and . i can t hear you i think . i m too busy flying . call again later i think . and he back i am the debt collector you are indebted . please pay your . and i think back call again later . i m too busy flying with the . how many days are left until that glorious day ? the one where he comes ? he you when you re sleeping he when you re awake he when you are indebted so please pay for his sake for your own sake for him . how many days are left until the giving and the ? the and the ? the and the hugging and the family sentiment and the love and the happiness and the joy ? until the green and red ? until it s over ? how many days must i spend flying ? how many days until i can land ? how many days until that sacred day ? how long until the gift ? how long until i receive my gift ? until i am worthy ? how long until i can land ? i m exhausted i need a break . i m falling from the sky now . i plummet into her . days until ! i never been more excited . i lay in bed all day . i lay waiting for her trained on the door . i get tired i just woke up and now it s noon and i look at the clock and it s three o clock and now it s six and seven and eight and i am growing tired . i am rolling over for another position . her hole in the bed the spot where she should be laying the hole the gaping black hole it me . i roll straight into the hole i plummet into her . day until ! i have to pee . i m getting up now . walking to the bathroom i look into the mirror . i m . . you lose your face . wow i look different . i m not doing too well . i feel blurry . i feel out of focus . i look out of focus blurry hazy . i don t recognize myself . my my chiseled jaw my stubble my nose mouth they re blurry they re out of focus . i feel like a mannequin . i feel like a mask . i lift my hand to feel my face and find it over . i can still find where my are supposed to be . my mouth and nose are there too just sunken . sunken into my face . into her . she me . i plummet into her . . you lose yourself . i don t think time ever . i don t think i ever was myself . am i me ? or who ? without her ? without a face ? i lay here nonexistent . i lay here ambiguous . i lay here blurry hazy unfocused . it s . it s time for the . it s time finally ! my favorite day of the year . the front door with a click . her high dance along the floor tap tap that sweet sound when i know she s coming . i m always eager to see her . she her bag down on the table . her tote the one her got her a few back for . that momentous occasion finally come . i hear her tap tap tap . she s walking to our bedroom . the door . i lay here vulnerable waiting for her . i look her up and down . finally decided to come back ? i ask and smile with a mouth i no longer possess . she my face . i feel with my hand a clean slate a smooth desert where my face once was . she to me . she is me . she stole me . she me . it s me . i brought you something . it s your gift she . she to me with a gift in hand . a beautiful gift . i know how much you love . i reach my arms out and my touch the box . i am filled with something some unknown emotion i have never before . i think it s time for you to pay your . i open my gift . it s pitch black even with the light shining on it . void . a void . . you become nothing . merry . you know how i feel about i tell her . i t spend too much on it . her clothes are mine now . her body is me . he is me . i peer into my gift . i enter the void . i am nothing never was . they are me now i am no use here . i will spend the rest of my days in the void void void . i will spend the rest of my days as nothing . i will spend the rest of days days no or or to tick tick tick tick by nothing just me up there and nothing here . they are me now . i am nothing . they are me and i am not . they are . i am not . i am nothing . . i am nothing . i sat across from him looking into the of this sane insane young man and why i was here . " . murphy do you know why i ' m here today ? " i had been a therapist for nearly fifteen and i like to think that i ' seen a lot in that time . every therapist war . the you help and the that spring from them create a rich tapestry that you can really only talk about with other . i ' worked with the police for the last five and helping them get into the of serial habitual and all of other . it ' s fascinating work but this was the first time i had been for a case like this . i had been by the police to prove the guilt of a man found too insane to stand trial in the first place . " you ' re here to prove that i am competent enough to be put to death . " he said it as though he were saying he coke with his big mac . i sat across from him making on my steno pad as he rattled his and sat attached to a chair that was to the ground . the staff clearly felt he was a danger to me but i felt no less safe with him than i did with any other client . rarely try to hurt their despite it being a bit of a trope . usually see us as a surrogate father or as a missing source of attention that they ultimately strive for . less than thirty percent of ever try to hurt their doctor and in my circle it was less than ten percent among i knew . i was about to become part of that minority though i ' t know it then . i turned on the tape recorder and set it between us . " are you sane enough to be for your ? " . murphy a man accused of killing seven young before his break down in court sat as placid as a mackerel across the table from me . he very different from the mug shot that was in his file . his crew cut had been by a shorter and his suit was now no better than and house . on his these like the of a mental defect but on murphy they as natural as the he might wear at home . he wore them comfortably and they did not off him as though they were only there to cover his modesty . had i not the from his trial found after the " incident " i would have thought a great miscalculation had been made . if i were the judge and this man was in my courtroom i ' d have probably set him loose again . " as sane as you " he stated smiling a little as he said it . " and yet the here are certain that you suffer from the same you to suffer from eight ago . " " if seeing that i know to be real is a delusion then i guess i still do . " i made a note on my pad before turning back to him . " you ' re to the " smiling " ? " i trying not to smile when i said it . crazy people rarely take kindly to being even if it ' s just something from the tone of your voice . " if that ' s what you choose to call them then yes " he haughtily . " what do you call then . murphy ? " he at me steadily and i felt a little shiver run through me as his me . those piercing blue that me had probably watched seven die . " they call themselves the gallery and i can assure you that they are very real . " " huh and when was the first time you saw this gallery ? " " at the trail they had come to mock me . " " the gallery was present at your trial ? " i . no one was really aware of what had at the trial but murphy and the bailiff who had removed him were the only that day . thirty people had from what the police were calling a " gas leak " but it a little too cleanly up for me . this ' t the first time murphy had spoken of these smiling and maybe if they could break through his some new information on the perpetrator could be discovered . " the gallery was there but i was unaware of them until the very last . when my last victim stood up just as i was leaving the stand that was the first time i aware of the gallery . the entire courtroom to fill with their terrible laughter and that was when i snapped . no one at me . that last bitch could have told you that but when she came up out of the crowd came up laughing at me that ' s when i snapped . " " that was when you gave your confession of a sort ? " " yeah i guess you could say that " he said begrudgingly . i had the tape from the courtroom myself . he had gone from a polite and articulate young man to a frothing berserker in the course of a few . he admitted to everything he admitted to killing her told them how she ' d at him and his ranting had hit a fever pitch as he was dragged from the courtroom . the judge had tried to call for order but a soft titter of laughter could be from the stand just before tape had abruptly gone off . had the gas had some effect on . murphy ' s mental state perhaps ? had he just enough to make him go off the as he was being led away ? " you still don ' t believe that i saw them though do you ? " i at him " are you seeing them now ? " " i am actually . " he said looking at the corner just over my shoulder " in fact this was their idea . " " the gallery you to be sent to death row ? " i skeptically . " as a matter of fact they do and so do i . they want me to be sent there so badly that they are willing to break their cardinal rule . " " oh and what ' s that ? " " apparently they don ' t just appear to anyone . they are very selective about who they choose to reveal themselves to . that time though is coming to an end . they ' re getting ready to show themselves to the whole world but there are still that are hard for them to get to . old of power where they can gain more power . if i have to trade my life a life outside this then i will do it gladly . " i nearly at him " and what you to believe that i will find you sane ? with the sort of behavior you ' re i think this place might be the best spot for you . " " because you ' re not a man of faith are you doc ? you ' re a man of and there is no way that you could keep me here in good conscience if you knew they were real . " " in that highly unlikely situation i suppose your right . " " then i ask you for one request doc . " i up curious with dread for what he meant to ask . " turn around and say hello " he said smiling as he pointed to the corner behind me . i a little laugh to play along with him . i turned my head slowly to see nothing more than an excuse to leave him in the puzzle factory for a good long time . i never that i would see a reason to admit myself sitting in that corner . my steno pad fell to the ground making a sharp clack as it did so . it was in the corner down on all and at me in a way . though the were on it almost to exist in a pool of murky light . its smooth dark head was devoid of its looking like they had been out with a power tool . its arms ended in long its in a toadish splay of but its teeth were the worst . its grin was skinned back no to cover those shiny white teeth and they almost too big for its head . though it never those i could hear it a low chuckle like a laugh track in a . the laughter was perverted unclean like the owner was just making the sound because it knew that people are supposed to like laughter . it like the laughter of brains too mad to comprehend laughter properly . " like the laughter in hell don ' t it doc ? " murphy and i as i that he was there . " how ? " i unable to take my off the creature " how did you do that ? " " me ? oh no you don ' t seem to understand . they live here . they like this place . they can rattle the of everybody in here for as long as they need to and get whatever it is they eat or live off from us . fortunately for me they can ' t or won ' t do it to me . i won ' t work as food for them so they ' decided to make a deal . they whispered to me at night telling me what i had to do and so i have done it . now you know that i ' m not crazy . you know that i ' m as sane as any other inmate in . you cant in good conscience leave me here with these normal crazy people . i might take advantage of them or hurt them like i hurt those . " he as he said it that smile that told me all i to know about murphy . he was as sane as any garden variety and he with his own kind . still i ' t really want to give him what he . " what if . . . what if i tell them that you are insane and that you have to " the shadow thing was in my ear a clawed finger sliding over my throat as it breathed oozy into my unwilling ear . " then we drive you to this place some night and let him make you his next victim . " murphy " it ' s not as if i can ' t convince some on else to sign off on the . why not save yourself a lot of trouble eh ? " as i lay here in my bed after that hellish place i can ' t help but shake as i remember my weakness . he at me as they led him out me for getting him out of there . he went away pretty meekly for a man going to the needle . it ' t change though . they may not be waiting for me in the dark of my room but i can still see their grinning when i close my . as i left i saw them all around me milling about and making their way between the . i cannot unsee them but i ' m afraid they will haunt my mind forever . maybe i ' stop seeing them once they drag me off to the but it like my only respite might be at the end of a needle too . mommy . it with amy sitting cross legged on her beanbag waiting for me to find my . she her leg through her striped . my leg funny . it s probably and needles baby . amy had always been a fussy but even more so now she was old enough to know that if she was sick she t have to go to school . she d be a soon and i knew i d eventually miss this clingy stage but today t be one of the rare days i her . what s and needles ? she me quietly fiddling with her . does your leg feel tingly ? huh . she . kind of itchy ? huh . and needles . you live . she dramatically all the way down the drive to the school bus and i as i waved . tough love i thought . it had to happen . as i shut the front door something on the hall carpet caught my eye . a little round speck of white . amy had been through the garden last night that was likely where the maggot came from . i swept it outside and it under my boot on the front step . i woke up to that down the hallway . amy . what s wrong ? i ran over and as i her away . her bed was covered in blood so much of it i could barely tell where it was coming from . where does it hurt ? and needles . she . she feverish almost delirious . and needles . she frantically her over her leg as i to hold her away from the deep gashes that she had out . phone . i a phone . i to call someone . amy s kicking was growing as her blood soaked the bed and i a towel . i to stop the bleeding but when i tried to lift up her her fought me back . let me see baby let me see . i my voice to be calm but i was shaking too hard . it ! she thrashing to get away from me . we for a moment then her slipped over the fabric . i finally to peel it off . my unfocused for a moment seeing only a mass of yellow . then i saw what was amy s leg . . the top layer of her skin was peeled away and exposed a mass of larvae and into her flesh . i to the trash bin as i threw up until my stomach hurt . the of my daughter in my as the world span and i felt my head hit the floor . look ! amy s scraped against the ground as she towards the taxi that was waiting for us in the hospital bay . be careful ! i after her . i t help but smile at the look on her face . she was going home for the first time in three and the sun was shining it was almost easy to forget what had . marlin her doctor was the one to help her into the car . it t part of procedure but he d been the one that made her smile during the long of recovery . he shut the car door and a well this is it breath . well i never thought i d say this but in three amy from the worst infection i ever seen . she s a special girl . i forlornly . she certainly was . i wish i d been there for her . the i t want to say came out . if i t out i could have the ambulance sooner . if i d to her when it first . maybe then no . marlin told me firmly . that s a dangerous path to go down . you have all the time to be here for her now . those in my head as amy sang along to the radio on the way home with the bow tied on the stump where her leg had been . after dinner i was sitting at my desk when i felt my scalp start to tingle . it was an itch inside my ear that i t scratch then it to behind my . i absentmindedly until i for my charger and caught sight of myself in the mirror . my scalp was red raw from the itching . how had i not ? i to the mirror and closer i my hair apart and so close that my breath the glass . beneath my skin in the white of my scalp where my skin was almost translucent something buried deep was . mommy . amy s small voice came from behind me and in the reflection i saw her itching her ear . and needles . the first time i the screaming i it up to a prank or an out of tune piccolo . the band was inside as the weather had turned absolutely hostile . we d all seen the dark gathering but they were racing by fast enough that i was the rain would blow right by . sometimes as a band director you have to make tough and when you re in the final stretch before state and your closer t even on the field well you tell the to leave their somewhere dry because we need the practice . the brass can handle a drizzle but are a little more delicate to the . besides there s no hindrance to rehearsal time more personally annoying to me than a clarinet or flute player and cradling his or her instrument every time a drop of rain even falling from the sky . i d unfortunately and that was why the high in front of me all miserable soaking wet and shivering and . still even if we t march the show we to make the best of the time we had . i gave the ten to get dry as best they could with the least absorbent paper money could buy courtesy of our stingy and then arc up to play through our show . and shot me sour while they whispered savagely to one another but they did as i instructed . irritation aside i think they knew what was at stake . our show was convalescence an ambitious attempt at the effects of a terminal illness on a person s spirit . currently we only had three on the field with and music and the third song was the one that the character by a color guard member at her point through interpretive dance and mournful music . if we t get the fourth song on the field the one with the hopeful resolution the show would end up a far more depressing story than i intended . despite the understandable frustration at being made to go out into the they were as to this show as i was . no one to see it go unfinished at state . the first song was a cheerful tune life before the illness a piccolo solo from our double senior veteran felicity . it was while through this tune that i first it a shrill coarse whine completely out of tune with the rest of the ensemble . i for a few brow trying to pinpoint the source before stepping onto the podium and cutting them off with a swipe of my arm . let me hear you in measure thirty three . they obliged . it t them . same place . one three one two three breathe not them either . very good . i tried not to let my confusion show . whoever was out of tune must have it and made the correction . from the top again . this time i the whine before the had even their to their . was someone a lame prank ? my the the brass the percussion . no one to be making the noise nor did they even react to it . could they not hear it ? i increasingly unnerved as the practice wore on though i t exactly place why . i to perspire my heart i to go into my office and lock the door . i bit back my unease and it together . that is until the music stopped . the whine t . it in the air for what had to at least be one full second after the cutoff from the brass which was long enough for me to finally place the reason for my sense of disquiet . it was no it like a scream . who was that ? who over ? i wildly . the at me silent . this sent me into a near fit of rage . we will sit here in silence until it s time to go if someone t answer me . felicity the piccolo player piped up hesitantly . i t hear anyone hold over . other of the band . there were a few of agreement . i felt suddenly lightheaded . how could they not have that awful sound ? the rest of the afternoon was somewhat of a blur . i remember telling the drum major to continue rehearsal before staggering to my office to collapse at my desk . i could only take so much of hearing the whine with the of the band before i put on headphone to drown it out with loud music . it worked proving something i had already been sure of the noise was not in my head . i can t remember what i did that night after school but i know the week by as slowly as time ever dragged . i d hear it at work amongst the of in a bad solo during band a background ringing in my in the loud cafeteria . the only time i ever got away from the noise was when i was alone or i had on to drown it out with blasting at full volume . it me like a bad conscience always at the back of my mind even when i could not hear it . i doubt anyone would blame me for taking time off from the school . it was one of the most difficult of my life but it was becoming too much for my fraying always trying to pinpoint or ignore that blasted screaming . and it was screaming that i had become sure of . when i d it enough times in the of silence where it sometimes its human quality impossible to ignore . it . or in agony . or both . it was incomparable to any i d on television where the pain t real and the actress s was wary of straining her vocal . it made me afraid . i thought maybe i was burnt out despite loving my job and the screaming was a mental manifestation of my subconscious . after all i never the sound at home . only at the school around other people . it t matter that this explanation t make sense considering the noise t seem to exist only from inside my head i an explanation that made me feel more human and less crazy . hearing that was something that to a crazy person but anyone can get burnt out . so i decided to take some time to focus on myself and my instead of working all day only to retire to an empty apartment . i was lonely but the dating pool was only so big when your only two are at work and home . the day after i my break i the screaming while out shopping for . it s when i stepped into the bustling store and ended as soon as i closed my car door . hopeful delusion busted . and i t even get any food . i thought about reaching out to someone . my was undependable and self absorbed in the late of an addiction that would probably kill her so she was a no . my dad had left us when i was a toddler so it hardly felt appropriate to search him up on . i had no and no outside of work . i d lost touch with my college practically the day we graduated . a psychologist ? i t want to consider that . not yet . i felt like i could should handle this myself . my self social isolation may have been the very reason i was such an easy target . i holing up in my apartment only going outside if the piles of garbage inside to be fed to the via their odor . my upstairs sometimes threw i would hear that muffled screaming amongst the of laughter and the of a . i d bang on the ceiling with a broom and shout at them but i would always give up and sink back into the safety of my under heavy or warm . other than this life carried on with only the where the familiar screaming could be . human can get used to almost anything and i had gotten used to the loneliness and squalor of my living in order to get away from that damn noise . i no longer about anything except my peace and quiet . i t have been alone . maybe it was a abduction . maybe i was just in the wrong place at the wrong time . all i know is that as i was heaving my black garbage bag full of eats into the trash the screaming suddenly returned the i d ever it . before i could so much as turn around something struck me on the back of the head and i woke up here . the have been filling this basement for now . still no one can hear them except my captor . because the are now coming from me . i don t know how long i have . the smell of rot bodily and blood are ever present . i know that if i let my adapt to the dark i may be able to make out what else is in this room with me . who else . i try to keep my head down and focus on writing my testimony . i don t want to see what fate me . as i write my story to you with the of daylight reaching me through in the up window i beg you not ignore the like i did . if you hear the don t run from them . stay in large . never find yourself alone or vulnerable . you feel crazy but it s better than the fate that you . no one my then so i doubt they will hear me now . i was probably the most annoying year old you could ever meet back in the day high squeaky voice and i would never stop talking plus i have this dolphin laugh that only my cute needless to say i got allot . my nick name was fungi . . i it i my to transfer me to a new school but my twin brother josh who was not my identical twin and the opposite to me in every way me i could change but i ' t change the fact that no one would ever like me . i locked myself in my room for a week after that . josh was the funny athletic cool in school . he had the typical blonde hair blue look and although i too had blonde hair mine was bushy and stuck out in all the wrong ways . . . i very aware at how different myself and josh were and i felt like he was a stranger rather than my twin . after school he would refuse to walk with me and always left before me he would be about ahead of me he to be seen with me . . not only would he call me fungi like all my he then to call me fungus because i was apparently that gross to him . it was around this age old i really believe my depression . by the age of i was a total rarely went outside . i found solace in video and my it . my dad said it ' t normal for me to spend all my time computer and the day i finally spoke back to him he broke my console with a hammer it was probably the only time i seen josh have a look of sympathy for me probably because he too it when he ' t at basketball practice or outside with his that was the night i decided to run away . i a small bag i didnt reckon i much took the some clothes and and off i went . i didnt last long i was only gone maybe when the cold got to much to bear so i decided to go back home and accept my life . when i turned the corner of my block all i could see was flashing . i knew i was probably better off to be then and there by a car me than taking a step further . they i was missing when josh woke up at am to take a leak he told my and they the . i was grounded for a month and my dad to speak to me . into this new hell i my could i go for a walk around the block i had nothing to do and my mood was really low at this stage and i guess my could see it she let me go but told me not to tell dad once he got home from work . i and went for my walk after walking around the corner i could hear the ice cream truck i checked my for any change none . great . i kept my head down and just kept walking the ice cream truck up beside me and the guy me did i want some ice cream i told him i had no money and he said this on the house you look like you need it . came by to get some ice cream and he them first i and tried to decide which one i . once the left i stepped up and the next thing i knew was i felt a stabbing pain on my head and then i out . i woke up in a cold room it ' t completely pitch dark i could make out some but i ' t see any or anyone else . i tried to get up when i i had around my and which were attached to the i to cry and call for help but no one came at all . . . i cried myself to sleep . i woke up to the sound of when i sat up i still ' t see anyone but i could hear someone in the room with me i to cry again . " hello peter . bobo . don ' t be worried i won ' t hurt you he turned on a small light and i could see him he was the ice cream man he was about the same age as my dad and he ' t look scary or insane which settled me very slightly . he handed me a tray with a chicken sandwich and some milk . i to eat it he told me it was my choice and he out . he left the light on after what felt like days but really ' t of been any longer than a few i ate the sandwich my stomach was starting to feel like it was eating itself and i decided if he had the sandwich it was better to die that way than die of starvation . during the next week . bobo went on to tell me how my told him to take me that my family me and rid of me he even said they on killing me but ' t want to risk getting caught so they him to take me instead . i didnt believe it at first but as the went on and no one came to rescue me i it was true . . . i really wished they had just me instead because life with . bobo ' t nice he ' t nice . i won ' t go into to much detail . . . but he would feed me good food bought me new clothes even some he got me a bed after a few and life in the cold room didnt seem all too bad after a while . . . . he would celebrate my birthday with me too which i i always felt like josh got better so i felt like i was finally being the center of attention . on my th birthday . bobo didnt come downstairs no no cake nothing . i cried all day . . . he came down the next morning for not any food or i to look at him . he sat down beside me and told me he had some bad news i but ' t look at him . he told me he was sick he told me he had lung cancer and it was terminal . he se told me he had at best . . . we both cried . . . in the last few he was less cruel to me he came down to talk more instead more than he did before and each time he more pale and thin . he came down one day and sat opposite me he told me something i never i ' d hear . " peter i ' m afraid for you i ' m afraid if i die in my sleep that you will be left here to die alone no one your here " i silently this thought had already crossed my mind before " peter going to let you go you can ' t tell anyone you were here tho if you do they won ' t care how sick i am and they might hurt me bad and i don ' t think they will believe me they won ' t believe that your me to take you and they will get off free and me and you will be the who get in trouble they might even say you ran away who ? ? " up in my i my family they were such . " peter going to give you some money and drop you off at a motel ill book it and if they ask after a few days where i am tell them your my son and i ' m working ? " i not really taking it all in . he told me he to spend one more night with me and then he would let me go in the morning . i didnt nod this time . the drive was long i didnt anything and the sun hurt my i fell asleep and . bobo woke me up when we into a motel car park . he checked us in for a month told the clerk our house burnt down he ' t seem to care as he handed us the . . bobo gave me the back pack and suit case he had with him he how i had enough clothes in the case and the back pack had some he left without saying but his were full of . the first night was strange i ' t get used to the bed it was to soft so i slept on the floor . i woke up and put on some new clothes and checked the back pack . i ' t believe it . . there was over in cash in a envelope a small pistol and some . it had a note inside the pistol is for protection dont get yourself in trouble the money is hopefully enough to keep you going until your old enough to get a little job i really care about you peter . bye i didnt really know how to comprehend all this . i i was a hour drive from my house and as the month came to a close and i had only days left in the motel i decided to go home and see what way my family were without me part of me at this stage didnt know whether the story . bobo told me was true or not . i spent believing it but now with no where else to go i felt like i had no one or no where to go to and it was more kind of wishful thinking that maybe it was a lie so i could go home and not be alone . i took the bus i felt sick i didnt know what to expect . i decided it was best to go to the house when no one would be there to stake out the place just to see . . . i was afraid of what to believe . bobo had said they on killing me and i ' t want to give them the chance to when i unannounced . . . it was am if as i thought dad would be in work josh in school and would probably be off somewhere shopping or something . i left my suitcase at the side of the house carefully looking around not to be seen just incase . . . i checked around it all the same i in room window his room ' t to much full of and sports as per usual but i felt happy . . . i went around to check my room window i was curious . . . but then i felt sick . . it ' t the same it was pink . it had a crib . it had a baby in it . i was furious . they me . . bobo was telling the truth the truly me and rid of me . . . and now i knew why . we lived in a bedroom house . . . they another baby but ' t the room . . . . they knew josh and i would fight all the time if we a room so . . . they got rid of the problem . . . i seen my come into the room and i . i ' t look at her . . . i was so hurt . i to my suitcase and ran away . i fell asleep on a park bench but i ' t really sleep . . . i was just so mad . . . . how dare they how could they treat me like a piece of trash and just throw me away like i mean nothing . . . i had to get them back i them to feel how hurt i was . i returned to the house at am . i checked all the all locked but the spare key was still where we used to keep it under a large rock in the flower bed . stupid . i into the sitting room quietly . i didnt know who ' s room to go to first . but i decided on my room but i just as i went to walk down the hall i a snore from the couch i was it was my dad whiskey bottle beside him and out on the couch . perfect ill start with you . i didnt want the rest to wake up so i put a cushion to his head took the pistol . bobo left me out of my pocket and the trigger . there was more blood than i and the smell of the blood made me feel queasy . i and no noise it like no one woke up . i went into my mother ' s room she too was fast asleep i took the pillow and repeated what i done to my father but she woke up before i the trigger she had my arm . i got a fright and the gun making a loud thud . " " i said . . . i felt like a robot for the next kill i didnt really acknowledge the child as a person i was to mad at what she had taken from me . as i into room he was under the sobbing and whispering . . . i whipped back the sheet he was on the phone he but more when he seen it was me . " p . . . . peter ? ? ? ? is that you ? what have you done ? ? ? ? " yes its me i and i ' done no more than what ye all on doing to me he at me confused and i raised the gun and shot him in between the . it hurt more for some reason with josh . . . but still i was happy to show them i ' t the weak runt of the litter . . . the within a few i was sitting in the hall when the came in they me my name but i ' t answer they rushed me outside and told me not to look as we my dad in the sitting room . they checked me over in the ambulance i never when they how i was it was only when the lady cop came over and said " josh we are going to bring you to the hospital you were very brave to call us " i simply not josh . i was a few later i to talk still during the . . . a detective said to me why would you do this peter they you . that me " they never me " yes they did peter they never gave up hope looking for you day and night since you ran away . " thats the story they spun was it ? . bobo was right after all " . bobo ? " the guy they to take me the guy they to eliminate there problem but he ' s probably dead by now " did you kill him peter ? " no . terminal cancer the only one who about me he ' s the one who left me live and then set me free because he ' t want me to suffer once he ! " . the went on and on and on they sent me to a wack house they said they found . bobo and he had i ' t sad nothing made me sad . i ' m here ever since . i ' m now and my birthday my birthday not ours . . . mine . but no one my birthday . no one as much as he did no one ever out for me like . bobo . i won ' t believe the they told me about him since they lie to me they think i ' m crazy they put some fancy on it and call it a disorder like i ' m a idiot its all fancy for the work . i dont trust them he ' s the only one who ever told me the truth ill always trust . twenty fifth at one thirty seven am the briar police department received a call from a concerned neighbor who had screaming coming from the home next to hers . after a thorough investigation the sent to the home found two fully intact and two what to be bitten in half . the also found one but alive human child . the child had what to be deep human bite on their and arms and gave a statement before to their wounds a few later . their statement is as start log please repeat what you have told us about your experience and what to your family . i t do anything to them i swear it just . . . i . . . there was a bad man that up . he hurt my family i swear i t do anything . please son we need you to explain in detail what . just take your time but try to recall everything that . last night when everyone else was asleep i someone come inside the house . i thought it was so i stayed in my bed and pretended to be asleep . but mommy and daddy had it too and i could hear them getting up . i could hear them walking down the . then i could hear them screaming . he hurt mommy and daddy he hurt them bad . did you ever see the man who did this ? please think as hard as you can about this we need a clear description of him so we can put out a warrant . he like . he was taller than mommy and daddy . after they stopped screaming i could hear him walking up the so i stayed still i was so afraid he was going to hurt me . please describe the man in as much detail as you can . this is very important to us we need a clear description . he was smelly . i could smell him before he even was at the top of the . when he finally did get upstairs i could hear him sniffing . i think he was trying to find me and and . and your brother and sister ? yes . then he came inside our room . he was almost tall enough to touch the ceiling . he had big brown on his head too . he was fat and had a big long beard that went down to the floor . i him to leave because he was so smelly but i was so afraid . i stayed as still as possible but and t . they yelling and he them . and then he hurt them . he hurt them bad so i t move . i t want him to see me . but then he did and he tried to hurt me bad too . we know this is possibly traumatic for you but how exactly did he try to hurt you ? his mouth got big and he tried to eat me . what ? please take your time and think clearly about what . when i saw what to and i . then he turned around and saw me . then he to my bed and his mouth . it got too big . it was big enough for me to fit inside . then he tried to eat me up . his mouth got bigger than i think is possible and then he biting on my and tried to swallow me whole . i screaming loud and then i fell asleep . then i woke up here . i want to go back to sleep . end forty and twenty five later the child to their wounds and . the official cause of death not been determined and the case is ongoing . throughout the day the police department received more and more from concerned most of them concluding in more being found . so far only two of evidence have been found in to the perpetrator s . in the fifth home investigation a clump of hair was found near one of the s and the were coated in what been proven to be human saliva . the and of missing and ended in a mass by both and concerned . four bitten in half were found belonging to four missing . the only other thing of note found due to the was a set of left by what to be goat but the pattern of the that whatever left them was standing on their hind . the were for until the group had to turn back due to the increasingly dangerous weather . we still don t know what that night or who took these people from us . the of the missing and the of the missing have not yet had closure and there have been no further . i ' t seen in fifteen when we into each other at the grocery store . back then we ' d gone separate ways . he ' d out of high school to start learning a trade and i ' d gone to university . our and we fell out of contact . but our recognition was instant and after a few of conversation he me to his house . it was on the way that we caught up in broad . i was married he ' t . i had a he ' t . i worked for a corporation in a mid level office job he was self employed . when i him what he did he a little mischievously and said " i ' m a bookie but you could say i ' m a bit of an employer myself these days . " when i what he meant he said i ' d see soon enough . what i saw first was that his splendid two yellow brick house was situated deep in the and decidedly too big for a single guy in his . nevertheless i was he could afford it . my wife and i ' t have our own house yet . " or ? " i as we the front door . " " he said . " i ' had a good run these last two . " although the house had normal from the street when we got closer i that the front doorknob was odd . it was shaped like a human hand . was carrying so he for me to do the opening . " it ' s not locked ? " i . he just as i touched the doorknob the warm living doorknob ! for it ' t just look like a human hand it was a human hand ! obediently the front door swung open and in the triangular space between the door and the wall was a hooded black clad figure whose gold painted i had just touched . without even raising its head the figure shut the door behind us and its hand into the door hole . the figure no mind and continued to the kitchen where another similarly dressed figure stood motionless by the light switch . set down the clapped his and the figure turned on the . by now i had to ask " what is " " look i get that it may seem a little weird " he said " but hear me out . these are people who owe me money . they ' re unemployed and they can ' t conceivably pay it back soon . " i him to the living room where another figure turned on the illuminating several of human furniture . " so they ' re working off their . " and yet another figure this one holding two . handed one to me before setting the other on his nude female coffee table who which instinctively to the cold glass bottle by momentarily arching her its back . " it ' s perfectly consensual " he added my . " and what would be the more humane alternative breaking their knee ? " by now my initial discomfort was turning into a chilled fear . i kept how the doorknob hand had felt in mine . ostensibly both were human but the gap in " dignity " i said then repeated the word in a whisper so as not to let them hear . " don ' t you think they lack dignity ? " he . " see even your natural reaction is to treat them as if they ' re invisible . as for dignity they most definitely had it . because they it and now they ' re working to earn it back . i ' t force them to gamble . now they ' re house that ' s all . are you opposed to house ? " i admitted i supposed i ' t . " but this is such a strange form of it " i said starting to stammer like in my elementary school days . by now the stress of being in this bizarre place combined with the mundane act of drinking beer was twisting me psychologically in ways i ' t understand . i suddenly out but the most i could tactfully bring myself to do was ask about the location of the bathroom . " just down the hall " said . i stepped with dread . the bathroom was large but felt immediately cramped by the presence of two one wrapped entirely in bath and the other kneeling by the toilet its hooded head down and arms up holding a roll of toilet paper as if it were the idol of a long forgotten god . of course i ' t go in these so i uncomfortably for a minute listening to the breathe before washing my . " are you ? " i whispered to them . no response . " do you need help ? " silence . i shut off the water faucet turned and nearly fell back against the bathroom mirror as the towel wrapped one rubbed his her its moisture absorbing material body against my wet . " please don ' t " i quietly backward into the hall . was casually drinking his beer . " did you try to save them ? " he . i . " they don ' t need saving . " he for me to follow him and i did down the hall and up the to a bedroom . but it ' t " bedroom . " i had it prepared just for you " he said " in case you to spend the night . " the room was spacious and clean decked out with an array of a large and a human night table flanking a queen sized bed freshly made and topped with a beautiful handmade quilt on which a mattress long body pillow its linen case rising and falling gently with the breath of the human inside it . i to back out but caught me by the . " remember when in high school you told me i ' t ever amount to anything ? " his grip was firm . " i ' m sorry " i whispered . " don ' t be sorry . you were wrong that ' s all . " " how long do they work for ? " i watching the body pillow shift slightly on the bed more than anything to change the topic . but also curious genuinely and morbidly curious . " however long they want . eight twelve twenty four hour . it ' s really not a bad gig lying in a pillowcase on a comfortable bed for twice the minimum wage . " he me forward . " go ahead . try it . " i ' t want to but there was a menace in his voice an that made it feel to obey than disagree . he may not have been threatening me directly but the threat was in the air invisible and like a perfume . i got on the bed . watched my every uncomfortable move . " like it ? " " yes " i said " it ' s a very nice mattress . " for a second i that the mattress was filled with people and i was lying on top of them crushing them but as i my weight i felt the more familiar support of and i could breathe again . " try hugging the body pillow " instructed me the coolness in his voice how used he ' d gotten to being the boss . i ' t want to do that either but i did it anyway not only pervasively conscious of the army of had which he could turn against me at any moment but wanting desperately to feel even a fraction of the power he over them . closer to the body pillow and turning over onto my side before lightly an arm on top of it bony warm and human underneath the crisp linen case . the person inside was a man . i who and what he had bet on and how much he and whether it was really so bad what was doing and if it would have been better for the man to be working two or three part time probably labour probably more tiring and dangerous than being to be this this passive this utterly . " nice right ? " . " yes . " " you can get up now . " i got off the bed my clothes and wordlessly into the hall down the and into a spacious gym . he was so confident that not once did he look back he knew that i was behind him . although we ' t go inside on the way we had a room with and a circular stage and my imagination was running wild with of the made in there the gym cold and bright . i squinted . before me was an impressive collection of workout gear and exercise but it was the object the of the room whose existence sent an electric shock down my spine . a leather heavy bag hung ominously from the ceiling . me boxing for my then wrapping his own . " i know this is a lot and i know how it the pressure building up inside you right now . believe me . jealousy . disgust . maybe even anger at me the world your own life . when i get that way i come down here and work those out . it ' s not healthy holding them in . whatever you do you can ' t let them grow inside you . " when he was done with his he handed me a pair of training . i put them on constantly the heavy bag which was swinging now ever so softly from the steel ceiling mount . " give it a shot " he said . i stood frozen in place . i knew there was someone in there . " i can ' t d " " of course you can " he said then his arm back and a wicked right cross to the heavy bag . it with a dull thud by a groan . " just like that . " " it ' s a person " i said my voice rising . " which it even easier . just ask the person if you can hit her . " her . " do you want to get hit ? " the heavy bag . " yes " a muffled voice . " see ? she you to do it . if you don ' t do it you ' re for her and how condescending would that be for a man to tell a woman what she can and can ' t do . " " hit me please " the heavy bag . i made a fist and threw a light jab . just enough to feel the bag the padding and the contour of the person hanging inside . " come on man . " it made me sick to my stomach . but as i my hand to my mouth to keep from put in a thudding left hook that the bag on impact . i could hear the pain within . " she by the punch " said . " ask her if she another . " i ' t want to but the answer came anyway " hit me . " " one thousand off her debt if you give it all you ' got " said . " do it please " the bag . i my once twice my shoulder and put all my weight behind a looping shot that connected sickeningly with the side of the bag my mind frantically trying to decide where i ' d connected face hip because i was sure i ' d felt bone as the bag the ceiling mount and the woman inside in pain . for a while silence . then " thank you " she . " nice one ! what do you say another grand ? " with a smile . " again please . " so i got her again and again . and again . each time with everything i had each time shaving a thousand off her debt . good deed by good deed until himself my arm and me away and i over the pounding of my beating heart how much anger there was in me . " easy easy " he repeated . after i ' d down i felt the horror of it of what i had done . i had beaten someone a woman and all her begging and ' t convince me it was right . not that she was speaking now unhooked the heavy bag and laid it reverently on the floor as i took off my and undid my . he the bag . " do you remember our ? " he as if out of the blue . " vaguely . " " you went with parker " he said . i did remember that . " who did you go with ? " i . had a body wrapped in a thick bloodied sheet from the bag . he picked it up and it . she small and fragile in his arms . for a second i thought that maybe she was dead but then she something swollen and incomprehensible and i knew i ' t beaten her to death . i had almost forgotten my own question when " no one " . " i was supposed to go with and she ' d even said " yes " to me " he had unwrapped some of the sheet revealing a tangle of black hair and i thought no it ' t be but it was she was " when you her and she said " yes " to you . after all why would she go with some skid who smoked by the railroad a future deadbeat whose worked in a factory and who ' t read when she could go with someone like you ? " he unfolded the sheet from ' s body and laid her on top of it . her were swelling shut but she could still see and all i could do was avert my gaze as she slowly pronounced my name each syllable willed into a hurt existence before me repeatedly with her . although she barely like the girl i ' d fallen in love with it was unmistakably her . after she could speak no more she forward reaching pathetically for my her broken body a patchwork of various of bruising as i backed instinctively away . i was and i was ashamed . " you ' appreciate the irony " said . " she lost her money betting on mixed martial . " he . there was something about that laugh something devilish and deep something true that made me lunge for him for his despicable throat ! but even that did not stop the laughter which through the gym as we fought like on the floor . and still he when his hooded and me off him swinging wildly at the air . i ' d bloodied his nose but nothing more and as they dragged me away up the and to the front door us with a monstrous smile . " i am the way the world is " he said . then i was out the door and it was closed and it was dark and suburban and i was sitting on the concrete front step staring at the golden doorknob hand jutting profoundly through the hole in the door of a yellow brick house . i got to my and the to the street all the while trying to act cool and not make a scene because that like the worst thing imaginable drawing attention to myself . my fighting spirit had . i was a coward once more . i buried my in my and kept my head down walking briskly through the cold night air but when i the nearest intersection i turned and to run . on both sides flew past at a blur . illuminated . . i knew ' t behind me but because i his natural confidence i kept glancing back yet the only thing which were his i am the way the world is and when i stopped to catch my breath i directly upon a window several around a table . was it a family or a group of hooded waiting on their master ? i ' t tell but they must have seen me too because suddenly the were drawn and the illumination ended . i am the way the world is . he was wrong . i ' t want to believe it . i ' t believe it . was the anomaly the evil and in every other house behind every other beautiful brick wall there were normal people with normal needs and normal . they desired normal and they worked normal just like me . in my stillness i felt suddenly the autumn cold and took out my phone and almost without thinking i toward the that ' s when i understood . i the phone against the sidewalk . out . was right and i home for that night of myself and of every house i in which uncounted silent and unseen . i had a lifetime of experience to prove that the don t take shelter in a realm that s physically tangible . they re not the kind of thing you reach out and touch . not the type that s hidden in the breathing cold terror down the back of your collar . the first time i fear real fear it was by staring into the of my six year old daughter and seeing a bottomless pit of darkness of just nothing staring back . had always been strange . you probably read your fair share of scary about that were just a bit eerie . they don t cry . they never have . and instead of being grateful that we have agreeable unproblematic offspring we re concerned . i m sure have said my child is different from those in the other ! and really their child t all that unique . i promise you that is no such case . i found out i was pregnant quite by surprise . i suppose i just t keep track of taking those . i was usually pretty good about like that but i must slipped . how else could this have ? i woke overcome by nausea and for the bathroom . it continued for a week each day worse than the last and i finally gave in and a doctor s appointment . that day where i d at the appointment as one person i left as two . i remember feeling shock disbelief i t feel like there was another person in there . i felt the same save for the nausea and vomiting . i reasoned with myself that my baby would make itself known in the coming . i was wrong . the entire i was pregnant i never weight . i never a bump that swelled and grew with the weight of my child . i the same my stomach as flat as the day before . it was unexplainable and my doctor had never seen anything like it . she never . she never . the only reason i even knew she was in there was my routine and the strange i d . bone marrow chicken stock bloody i had never eaten cow tongue or bull in my life but now i savored each morsel like it was a lifeline . my husband made frequent social media about pregnancy . i outwardly while inside i was cringing in disgust at myself . what was this creature inside me that the blood salt and life essence of another previously living creature so much ? imagine my surprise when nine later a perfectly normal perfectly healthy baby girl was born . her skin was pale like mine but she got her father s dark hair . she kept my though a deep bottomless blue with of black . so bottomless i got in . the first time was that day in the hospital . i was staring at her cradling her tiny infant body against me . that i d made this whole other person . i her teeny nose with my finger and down into her sleeping face in wonder . so peaceful so quiet . she t made a sound since birth . not a coo or giggle or whimper . even her breathing was so soft i t make it out . hell the more i thought of it the more i that she t made a single sound since conception . if i t been holding this precious breathing human in my at that moment seeing her chest rise and fall i never would have she was real . her wispy a dark contrast to the pale of her cheek . when they i was transported . i t in the hospital bed holding my baby girl . i was in a dark dingy room . the only source of light was the flickering bulb hanging from the ceiling . lined the and from the placement i could tell we were at basement level . of dark viscous liquid coated of the the metallic scent telling a gruesome story i t want to hear . i tried to get up tried to look down but i was frozen . i t feel in my arms and i t look down to see if she was still there . my entire body was overcome with cold and the of the room as the crackled and . hello mommy . the voice came from behind me thin plaintive and childlike . there was an undercurrent though intricately meshed with that voice of knowledge . of cold . of pure unadulterated evil . i tried to take a breath but found my chest would not move to expand . i tried to scream but could not open my mouth . brushed my all with that same soft childish lilt in . in darkness . we re all alone in here mommy . we can t breathe in here . why is it so dark ? why won t you help me mommy ? my daughter had just been born . she t speak t understand speech well enough to respond to it let alone to have a conversation . and yet i am more certain than i have ever been that she spoke to me that day . i think there is a great darkness hidden deep within her one that is waiting for a chance to emerge . to break through the holding it there deep inside my daughter s skull . and i believe that because of what next . as quickly as i d been transported to that dark place surrounded by and cold i was back in the hospital . i almost with relief at the feeling of the bed underneath me the coolness of the saline drip in my arm . my immediately found my daughter resting contentedly in my arms . her were there on mine . watching me . bottomless of speckled darkness . why won t you help me mommy ? i nearly her at the voice that filled my head . no . xb no . it can t be . xb i down at in terror in disbelief . she back as her face split into her first smile a smile of utter depravity . i can feel them mommy . inside my skull . they re coming mommy . xb they want to be inside yours instead . xb xb this part of my journey taken a lot out of me but i promise i be back with an update soon . breath coming in fast short the frigid crisp air into my tired . beat up thumping on the worn wooden floor as i run for my life through the tall and narrow that seem to twist and turn . an arrow coming from the wall narrowly my head so close so that i can hear it whistling as it its mark . i quickly a row of sharp steel from the floor my heart beating like a drum in my chest . i spot a room and start to run towards it it ' s tonight s safe room . my heart is beating so loud the whole world can surely hear it . running from danger i spot out of the corner of my eye and make a split second decision . the room or ? it is not even a question i run towards but before i can get there i hear a low rumbling under . his leg like it was and blood covered the floor . his clothes were soaked and he tried to get up from the dark corner but his leg weighed him down and he was too tired and weak from this madhouse . what like a giant spinning disc from the ground slowly moving towards the boy i love . i tried to grab him but he was too heavy for my frail shaky arms . he at me with his deep happy smile and his body towards me . our tell everything we hug for the last time and he his . i watch as the sharp cold unforgiving steel his body and he with endless agony for one moment then goes still . i let out an ear splitting scream of guttural pain and sorrow . my whole body i m . i try to move but i can t . i swallow back knowing he would want me to find the safe room and survive this nightmare . i run the other way even though i know it is the most painful thing i will ever do . the threshold of the room before my my go on running faster than i could think possible . i break through the doorway and on the floor find a water bottle with a plate of cold potatoes and some . under the plate a note in yellow parchment sealed with wax . i break through the red intact wax seal my shaking . it you have days you are safe for another night . i let out a breath and let the storm of sorrow and anger take over i slide my back down the wall and i let the fall down my . i hate this house i hate myself for getting us into this situation i hate myself for being selfish and not going out there to find the instead of in here . the slide down my as a river down a mountain . when i close my all i can see is dying . i scream at the top of my who are you ? what do you want ? why are doing this to us ? i feel disgusting and dirty the sweat dirt and dried blood covering my body . my throat is sore from screaming for help and it s clear no one is coming . how will i survive in this house for a year if i m after nine days ? when will i give up ? i wonder if any of us will make it out alive because it s clear that i won t . i close my and for the first time in i pray . so i already told you about my first encounter with what i like to call a cow demon they still scare me the most out of all the i ' met but a close runner up would be the . my initial run in with one of them shortly after i lost rick and received my new partner in crime . " now you treat real good understand ? " my boss told me that same day . " he ' s a real up and comer . and honestly there ' s not much talent in this organization . make sure he ' t kick the bucket since i ' m not sure who ' be a good fit for you if he does . " i thought about how hard it would be to find a good replacement for rick . true the man was a coward ' t help out much . but he kept all the in order knew when to get the out of my way which is of the battle . on occasion he ' d fire his gun when i damn well it . turned out to be alright although he had a perpetual sour expression on his face . he was than rick which would come in handy . he also . . . more thoughtful . cerebral maybe but not sure if that ' s the right fit . if nothing else was definitely quieter than rick . always as if he was scanning the horizon searching for and prey alike . after a few i felt slightly more confident with him at my back . we fell into a comfortable nonverbal rhythm . " you know you don ' t seem half bad " i said giving a friendly smile . or at least trying to . the setting sun was baking us despite its descent and his cantankerous expression to deepen despite my attempt at being friendly . " thanks . you too " he the man ' s gravelly voice a mismatch to his otherwise youthful aura . there was another uncomfortable silence and as i out over the horizon at the sliver of orange red sun i my throat . " listen if we ' re going to be clearing the together . . . guess i ' m trying to say don ' t be afraid to loosen up . let ' s shoot the . it ' pass the time " i said . over at me raising an eyebrow . his jaw . i could practically feel the anger from him . " i just took this job because i ' m interested in the reproductive of the alligator " . " and for the money . i need to make a living somehow especially since my old man . . . " then it was ' s turn to clear his throat . " he recently . got too close to the for his own good . " i ' t know what to say after that and let the boy return to his stony silence . soon enough full nightfall came upon us and i got the again rio more to comfort myself than him . the horse was pretty self sustaining until got hairy enough that the only thing which made sense was to run as quick as a lightning bolt in the other direction . i still ' t sure why this alligator we were hunting chose to dwell in the middle of the arid wasteland . way told it such a thing ' t uncommon . actually more common than not again according to and i knew from experience he ' t so reliable with his . we came upon the area where it had last been sighted . a abandoned shack squatted in the middle of a sandy pit and i strange coming from the slightly crooked structure . i the reins tightly and rio and came to a halt . " don ' t have a good feeling about this " i said . " i ' m not a coward . i can face whatever ' s down there " came ' s retort . rio handled the decline into the pit surprisingly well not slipping once . i petted him and whispered in his ear not to get we could handle this . was clearly unmoved . he in his sack for something and i made sure the trusty shotgun i carried was ready to go at a moment ' s notice . ammunition its condition everything . i at the door and did the same but more out of a sense of " scientific curiosity " than anything was the impression i had . there were which as from entering and all of a sudden i i had taken rick ' s place as the coward of the group . ' t look at all . just stoic . i the door in and was to see another skinless freak of nature its and glowing were similar to the cow demon ' s and it had three on each side . it to make a sound . this time i exclaim in fear . " what the ? ! " he said sort of himself . the alligator mid cough but there was something else happening . its was getting worse bubbling fleshy were from somewhere deep in its throat . i my weapon steady . even though instinct told me to fire another instinct told me to hold off on the trigger . surprisingly my lead . the alligator gave one final almost cough and the horror inside me came to a boiling point as i saw two smaller skinless fall from its mouth in some sickening demonic stew . i gave a shriek and the sentiment . we both fired our at the same time but the up thing was the . from two to four and from four to eight . they stopped at that number and i frantically fired at them . did the same and we were down to one of the baby which itself off the floor and onto me . i fell to the ground struggling with it . a state of pure terror took over . i tried throwing it off in a wild frenzy but it onto my with curved that were worse than the cow ' s because they substituted for . " i should let this thing kill you " said . " it ' d be fitting i think ! " " w . . . . what the hell are you talking about ? get this thing off me ! " the baby alligator ' s gaping jaw as it got closer . i trying to keep its serrated teeth at bay . at the last moment i the discharge of ' s weapon . the creature fell limp against me . i it off without so much as a second thought . " what the hell was that for ? ! " i was angry angry and absolutely body shaking . " well you let rick die . i ' d say it ' d be fair don ' t you ? " . " y you knew rick ? " i cursed for his " . " he ' d always find personal be damned . he ' d only tell me after that fact . or more like wait for me to figure it out . i studied ' s face . " i thought you familiar " i blood from my face . " ' t put my finger on it . " i ' t able to dwell on this information though as more baby slipped through the door . i swore again wondering where the they had come from and pointed the shotgun at them sneering at the inevitable onslaught . and i them but not without taking our to the brink . covered in blood we to our about an hour later . later on the other side of the portal this is how i access the apocalypse it ' s technically a separate dimension from our own i thought about what . saved me so at least there was that . but those were terrifying . dread filled me just thinking about them . the way they made me lose sleep and the way each of their six worked like little . . . . . . the a violent shiver to work its way up my spine . i woke up in the middle of the night to a ear pricking screeching sound . i saw a baby alligator on the staring at me with beady white . it its and i for the shotgun next to the bed . is not my first language sorry my mistake my job is boring . my job is to read article and calculate . i was doing my work and i ' m almost done with my work . but my boss gave me a lot of work again . it is impossible to go to home on time . frankly speaking he me . but i think there was not big trouble between me and him . i think he just to make me tired . he had me for a long time . normally when my boss me i stayed quiet and his requestion . but that day i had courage . i to my boss after everyone left . the boss said nothing while i was talking . my boss must have been by my courage . you don ' t know how nervous i was when i told my boss . there was a lot of sweat on my face while i was talking . i went to the bathroom . i saw mirror in bathroom . there was which i ' t before . i simply washed my face and clothes and got out of work . i went to ride my car . today i got out from work lately . but i am happy because i the conflict with my boss finally . the streets are exceptionally dark along the way . there was no light on the road and no other car . it was quiet and silent . i felt a comfortable feeling . it ' s been a while since i felt comfortable . i was driving and listening to the audio channel . i up the car . i a faint knock while driving . my car was driving at per hour so it was impossible to hear the knock on my car . i stopped the car suddenly because i was . the sound stopped with a thud . i back immediately but there was nothing . i the sound again while driving . it was a still faint but more intense sound than before . i concentrated to hear the sound . and i found the sound came from trunk of my car . i went to the trunk to make sure my stuff ' t organized . there was a noise while i was going to the trunk . that sound was what i while i was driving . i was but i the trunk . a goods almost out of the trunk . the trunk of my car was too small to hold this stuff . i put this stuff in five small box . there was no sound . i backed to car and i at the clock . the time was already pointing at am . my work was finished at o ' clock but it was already past o ' clock . finally i home . my body ' t even have the energy to wash . i lay right in bed . after that i fell asleep . it ' s been about two days . someone was ringing my doorbell since this morning . i was so tired that i it . there was no response from me when someone the doorbell they on the door a lot . someone said " i know you are inside the house . " when i the door there were two men . one had a slim body . he young . his full of passion . the other one was short but seem tough . he about old . i ' t know who they were first time but it ' t take long to find out who they were . there was a police mark on the left chest . as soon as they saw me they me " do you know b ? " the name was my boss who had me . i said he was my boss . they me what i did yesterday . yesterday . . . i ' t nothing . i was in home . i " i up all day and slept . " the two police listening to my story were very fierce . when i the two what to my boss the tall man ' s subtle shook . his face was like " how can you say that ? " it like he was saying this . the short cop that we came here to find out what . i don ' t understand what he said . i to the two for a long time . i ' t see the clock but i felt time flew by very quickly . we for a long time but i don ' t think my answer had what they . eventually they were angry . the short police at me . at that moment my head hurt so much . i thought my head was breaking . my like a blind . i ' t even hear anything . i feel i was in water . every sound was not clearly . i thought how i will be while i could not listen . suddenly i a sound for a moment . i don ' t know what the sound was but it was the sound of sawing something . i my . my house was a mess . i was sitting alone on the floor . my bookshelf was down and on the floor there was only the remains of a broken dish . i ' t see the two i was talking to . but it ' s clear that something while i lost my memory . i was afraid of the situation i had never seen before . i was trying to get up with my on the ground but i lost my balance and fell to the right side . when i touched the ground with my right hand to stand up there was a lot of pain at the same time . following the pain it was the right ankle and my right wrist . my broken ankle me . i how it was connected unbroken . my ankle like broken brunch . i lost consciousness again . after a long time i consciousness . the living room was very dark . it dinner time . finally i could move little by little and i the house as quickly as possible . i found several i had seen in the car on the corner of the living room . but next to the box there was a bag that i never saw before . there was a strange on the bag . there was a bright green liquid that i saw for the first time in my life . there were other colors that could not be expressed in . the bag was dirty and smelly . i was driving like a log . i drove for and the mountain that was very quiet . i my bag and box in a hurry . i buried them all in the . i thought i had all the and . but when i got home there was a small box . i a rattling sound when i shook it . i ' m thinking about what to do with the small box . i put this box in my car . but as time goes by it disgusting . this thing like rotten pork . now i ' m on my way in the car now . but i don ' t know where i ' m going . i just some breaking news from the radio while driving . on th three unidentified were found in the of . the came from and . it was impossible to identify the three because their were all crushed . what the three have in common is that they all don ' t have both and . i stopped driving and . i was thinking about this accident . i ' of a finger cut criminal but i ' never of a toe cut criminal . that crime is weird . someone told me " the news that i cut their body like ham and mixed three together to make then look like . " i in the mirror and there was someone . he stare at me through mirror too . i back immediately but there was no one except me in the car . each year on th people in my are brutally . the police are at a loss . everyone in my town in fear and some refuse to leave their . with each victim a poetic story is left behind . last year s can be found here below are the discovered at each respective crime scene had a secret and he d to take it to the grave . this man his neighbor s daughter and wished to keep her as his slave . she was but only twelve not yet halfway to his age . but did not falter as he built the child s cage . the night had come it was time to claim his prize . he snuck into her bedroom a glimmer in his . but in the child s chamber a young girl he did not take . for in the was . . . hissing like a snake . when cried the demon let out a laugh as he the evil man by his and him right in half . and now the child in peace in her bed . for s body torn to have kept all the fed . was a grocer with all the town s . but he was very greedy and made his rise . the poor could not afford it and some to starve . but only at them with plenty of meat to carve . he always made them beg for just the of food . their suffering made him laugh and up his mood . sat alone counting money by the fire when he the quite loud and very dire . when stood before him and shook his rusty chain and praying for no pain . stripped him naked and hung him from a spire . the town then and they around his pyre . summer was cold hearted despite her lovely name . a witch in nurse ' s clothing treating the sick and lame . but for her she had no love and they all stayed ill . for when they slipped away she and another kill . she wept with their to be sad . yet when she went home at night she like she was mad . as summer and closed her she to dream . and crept into her room through a cloud of steam . the nurse did thrash as her slow and now her corpse is turning blue as the demon her in the snow . these along with the former were discovered on what can only be as parchment paper with inconclusive carbon . the police are seeking any information that may help bring the killer to justice . after speaking with the detective assigned to the case we have no or . the appear to be unexplainable both in nature and method of execution . it led us to believe there is not only a supernatural element to the but we have no doubt that they will continue each year . at me in wonderment twinkling above her head . had been a much sought after blessing . one that we had for and in and . was testament that could happen and she was a gift that kept giving to us . the snow to tumble delicately down settling with abandonment where they fell . it t have been more perfect the ideal setting . life was a bounty of beauty and serenity . we were in a hallmark movie scene . watching with our daughter wine in hand i t feel more contented . i t know if the flush was from the wine or being present in the moment . i was so that i to hold the glass tight enough and the red wine the glass at s . but it t red wine and was no longer standing . the liquid was too thick . how did it get up the . why was it up the fire ? confusion me as a scream from my mouth . why was on the floor why was now over him ? my beautiful . i tried to get out of my chair but i felt that i was being back the were over my head . why t i get to ? i was screaming as everything faded to black . snow tumbled with abandon as i out of the window . me a glass of wine as i watched our beautiful underneath the . she was laughing her twinkling as she gently fingered the dress of the angel . i saw her jump up to her daddy as she to be balanced on his as they put the angel on the tree . i with them happiness surrounded our family as we our tradition . the wine from my hand as i to help return to the ground . it across the floor surrounding the fire and to flood the with its red spray . i watched in horror as i around and saw over her father . her new dress to be stuck to her body like she d worn it wet . i to i was screaming her name as tried to talk blood bubbling from his . i tried to reach him help him save him from what i t understand but i t seem to move i was walking through treacle screaming his name as everything faded to black . i was sitting somewhere i t . there was no snow at the window there was no tree or fire . fear ran through my body where was i ? i tried to lift my but they were strapped to the arms of the chair . from my mouth as i for and . where were they ? where was i ? the only thing i could taste was my fear . door i t even to the left . screaming again i to be let go . where is ? where is ? i cried out . a man and a chair from the wall and sat down in front of me . terror washed over me a familiarity of this man made my bladder empty it s contents . i was into silence as he to talk . ann don t be we have been through this and you know who i am . bewilderment continued to mute me as i watched his start to move again . ann we cant keep going through this it s been seventeen . you are in the mental hospital and you are safe . he took another breath as i to scrape the wood underneath my . you are restrained for your own safety so please don t try to rip them off again it will hurt you and you will be . looking at my arms i see unfamiliar white and scratches some old and some new . dried blood had to pool at the bottom of my . ann he his voice startling me to the present again we need to discuss the screaming in your room calling for and . you know they t there you know what that day you know it was you who had the knife and and at the tree . . i know i to scream again i know i their . i a scream so visceral i knew it could all fade away . but it t fade to black . he was still opposite me i was still strapped in the chair and the dawning of my was written all over his face . i had been going to for well over now . they had really been instrumental in helping me score well in my th and my th grade . after my th grade board got over in the month of march the me and my friend had made basically getting high and around as we had really worked hard for our cheerily went down the drain due to the . a nationwide was and our classes that were supposed to begin during mid were now mandatorily made so as to curtail the spread of the virus . our first chemistry teacher was someone me and my friend had seen several times . raj as we had by the senior ' s section several times . he was your kind grandpa next door in his late s who was always really helpful and our after their medical in their dream often came back to thank him . i honestly thought it was weird but maybe their level of gratefulness did really reach a point like that . no one really knew much about him all that we knew was that he was a medical aspirant long ago too however he never really made the cut . he then his life to and helping achieve something he ' t . a pretty wholesome guy to be honest . his personal life was a tragedy . his daughter was found hanging in her bedroom after she to secure a medical seat and the grief of losing their daughter was something his wife ' t handle and she ended up in the psych ward of a nearby hospital . no one him anything about himself as we felt that we would be over stepping our as a teacher with him . we just let it be and honestly we were too busy anyway to be by that . and me were honestly quite happy about the classes being as we no longer had to pass any street licking their at us year old ' s as we to reach the tuition . class went on well till june and we were now well into our new " school " life in the morning and " tuition " life in the evening slot of pm to . that was until the day . raj never up to class . you see he ' t the type to even be a minute late to class . he was always there prior setting up the and whatnot . him being tardy and not showing up to class was something equivalent to dancing with . impossible . this continued for days . we would wait me and other who had enrolled for for him to come but he never did . a few of us calling the tuition center to inform them but he was such a kind teacher who was not brash and cold with us like how our other were who us like maniac study and finally no one had the heart to do it . we decided to wait until the week and then contact the tuition center so as to avoid any on his . th of june i the class a bit early hopeful to see . raj . instead i was by the cheery smile of a man who to be in his early s he had black hair fair skin and a strong presence . he was wearing the assigned uniform for and i maybe he was a replacement for . raj . i turned off my camera and and franticly and told her to join class . his camera quality was like the filter use increasing the smoothness all the way to . there was something about his smile it . . . well maniacal . as though he was in a perpetual state of being happy it almost unnatural . " good evening luna ! " he me . me and were the only in class as we had early . he had similar to . raj i figured maybe they hired someone he from his family . i turned on my camera and and wearily . " good . . . evening sir . . . ? " i was not able to shake his face off my mind . the way he was smiling his being off axis and his being deep as though there was a layer over it and the cheery attitude he put on really just led to me feeling something eerie . i hit myself mentally for spending too many sleepless nights and up my routine that i had begun to be so delusional . that was until me . " what ' s up with his appearance ? " " maybe the all quality of his camera and the filter he ' s " " honestly it ' s weird . any idea who he is ? " " nope let ' s just wait for class to begin maybe he ' introduce himself " i up from my phone to the screen . i had forgotten to turn off my camera and he was staring right at me . me and were still the only in class . it was . he right at me his smile un wavering and like a knock off version of the momo from that up momo challenge . i my phone turned off my camera and . " luna " . he ' t reply . he just kept staring at the screen even after i turned off my camera . " why is he looking like that ? i don ' t spoil my first impression already and now he ' s looking at me like i his first born to the devil . " i back . " maybe he ' s the devil u know " back . i ' t reply . i never in the supernatural and i still don ' t . our worst walk with us they live among us and are at times the very people we call our own . the embodiment we give to evil is pathetic blaming it on and when we never really look into the of the human mind . it ' s as though we refuse to believe we can be our own worst . pm . he himself to us as . and that he was to be the substitute teacher until . raj from his accident . he ' t tell us and we ' t ask . i could sense the uneasiness in the class despite the class not being physically present something ' t sit right with any of us and it was apparent . not once did he drop his smile nor did he stop talking with an intermittent laughter . the first class went well other than the intermittent laughter he was a good teacher . he knew his well and in the class group without the teacher of course we came to a consensus that as long as he was teaching well we ' t bother and the tuition center had told us to call them only if there was an issue in the manner of teaching . he had a and he covered that with the poster of my tuition center so we had absolutely no idea where he lived or whatsoever . we also decided that it was best to not get emotionally attached to any teacher but instead stay professional with our new one . a week . classes were great he had a very similar manner of teaching to . raj and honestly we had gotten used to him and his maniacal laughter . we minded our " business " and studied while he minded his and taught us with minor of laughter . th june i ' t have been slacking off with my camera off i ' t have been i should ' made sure i the class at . i should ' been more vigilant . i should ' . . . . left . i had forgotten to leave class . . said his good with his and everyone left . everyone but me . i marked myself so that he ' t call my name while i am in class and with the version i would still get attendance . just that i had this invisibility option in now . don ' t ask me how i got it it ' s the usual via a friend ' s friend he was still smiling looking at the screen . the ' s new album was blasting in my and totally i forgot about the time . at i up . as i frantically tried to leave class i saw him still smiling at the screen . it was as though he knew he knew i was watching him . i stopped . xb rule never stay past in the class . xb he dug his into the sides of his jaw and the flesh off in one clean pull . blood slowly as his out of his socket his spotless blue shirt was now covered with green mucus . the on his face were translucent and had through them his were a green mucus . his smile never . it never once either . he then slowly for his hair or whatever was left of it and on it still as he maniacally into the and . the on his face were now as i saw of them try to wiggle out his facial he led out a deep guttural moan as though in satisfaction as he removed the green mucus from his face and used it as some sort of side dish wasabi to eat with his hair . the his flesh made while he the hair off it and ate it with the green mucus was something i ' never forget . the in his were now restless . up his skin like it was being boiled . i had seen enough . my paralysis wore off and i . i like i had never before . i sat in fear as even the were too to come out . " the devil among us " my grandmother ' s saying came back to me as i repeatedly begging for mercy . " my child you ' not yet been given any attendance . " he said as he maniacally again and left the class . my are in the military and were away at that time so i was completely alone at home . my dog around did help to a certain extent but nothing i had felt before was like what i was feeling now as i with on the floor for an hour due to the sheer nakedness of the gruesome act i had just . needless to say i ' t get any sleep that night . thought i was around when i her up and through all my somehow to get the message through . she knew i had always been wary of the man but she just the entire situation off saying i had been reading too much r and should get better sleep . the morning of the next day was a blur . school went by in a flash and i had ' t have chemistry for tuition that day . i convinced myself that i must ' been or my up sleep schedule was finally getting to me . i decided to put this " incident " in the back of my mind and went on with my daily classes and life . xb th june we had chemistry class from our normal of to . i had decided to not tell anyone in the class group as i knew if my friend thought i was a the will too . so i left at that . the class was uneventful and he was just with his usual unaverred smile and maniacal smile . my stomach but i to not throw up whenever i saw his face . i told her . i her . i did my best to tell her to not on her invisibility mode and stay after pm . nothing . she just casually watched our smiling teacher smile at the for until she eventually got and left . i was now starting to finally accept the fact that i had truly gone insane for a few for something like that to happen . she at me and even though i was very perplexed because . . . . it was just too real too real to be fake . days and everything was slowly going back to normal . but i did find it absurd that the number of in my class were dropping . from our original strength of we had now to . i either they were too out or they just ' t want tuition as after they stopped showing up to classes they were not responsive on their other either . xb th why ? why me ? is something i ' t understand . why was i the only witness to this despite there being several too ? what did i do that he had to show this sheer depravity of his mind to me ? my dog had a glass vase from a table nearby me . i had stopped the invisibility feature as i was afraid something would happen again . i and went to clean the mess . xb rule don ' t leave during class no matter how small the interval maybe . xb i returned within and to rejoin class . when i i was the only student in class . perplexed i at the time . class should still going on . . was sitting with his back facing the the camera . you need to understand by this time i had decided that the sheer insanity of my previous experience was a up version of my mind on me . oh lord if only i knew how wrong that was . he slowly turned and shook his chair like how when a five year old to sit in a rotating chair for the first time he kept turning it again and again and again but never showing his face . he was holding something closely to his chest but i ' t make out what it was . then as though he could read my mind he turned around . i found my body getting again as i saw him with the head of a girl in one hand and her genitalia in the other . he at me then as though we were chilling casually at a bar with in our . the girl was not any random girl she was one of those who had stopped to my who i had left tuition as she ' t been tuition for over now . he dug his face into her genitalia and as he on her as he apart her flesh with nothing but his bare teeth and one hand as he the girl ' s head in the other hand in front of the for me to see . he then suddenly stopped and then smelt her face and it . then smelt her now greasy hair and the of someone snorting cocaine for the first time as he got " high " on it . " in my attendance list . . . " he at me as he rapidly whispered . this was something my year old brain ' t to handle . but i was just sitting as he at every bit of last sanity that i was trying to hold on to . when i finally cracked after what like an eternity i . i my shut and ran out of the house with my jacket and dog . i ' t care that it was dark i just knew i was the farther away i was from the . i sat on the park bench and as my dog tried his best to comfort me completely oblivious to what i had just . i ' t tell my . i will just be increasing their guilt of leaving me alone and they would get really worried . i ' t call up the tuition center and tell them because now i was afraid . afraid of what he was capable of and what he could do . i . raj and i where he went to leave us to this depraved monster because now i knew what i had seen was real and not some i was . i took out a small that i used to use for running from my pocket and shakily listed it down rule never stay past in the class . rule don ' t leave during class no matter how small the interval maybe . i knew it was no use telling this to my best friend as i was afraid she might think i ' lost my mind and either endanger herself by trying out this or tell my the tuition center . himself or break quarantine to come over to comfort me . despite what i had i came home at around after more hysterics in the park and fell asleep . a deep sound sleep . i ' t had a better sleep in honestly . fear and grief work in weird ways i swear to god . my dog curled up next to me and i felt safe for the first time in . i can ' t even describe how good it felt . the next morning was relatively normal i school classes as per schedule even though of what i the past evening kept coming up . i blasted meditation music in my and myself into reading . i had my share of abuse from when i was a living with while my were away so i was able to bury down these pretty quickly . i forced myself to bury them . i knew i had chemistry class that evening . but i had mentally myself up to be vigilant of the i had listed and i was the daughter of two heavily trained and up military now i ' t like to make them disapprove of me would i ? " how incredibly foolish luna " i also thought to myself " you ' re the type of girl to cry while watching frozen at you really think you can handle this ? " i mentally prepared myself for whatever the i was about to witness . he was still my teacher and i had to listen and take down during class as i still had to pass my and score well . after of casual conversation with i taking down and listening to class . it was well fine he was mostly like a regular teacher with just a few of maniacal laughter . i that the number of in my class had now gone down from to . i to think why the class strength could be and what the " attendance list " was . i brushed away my quickly before they could take me down that dark abyss again . " enough luna " i whispered to myself . just as i was about to continue writing again . out of nowhere suddenly " explain the hybridization of sp " with a tone of mockery . it ' t unusual for him to ask me during class but his level of mockery honestly made me mad . " be gone " i whispered to myself before i switched on my to answer . our are mostly off unless he you to you don ' t need to switch it on i to my and his to the tee . he again like a maniac . oh why why did i have to be so ? why did i let my wander off after his maniacal laugh and not mute myself after i ? this man this monster this bastard what did he ever want from me ? why was he showing me this ? what did i ever do to offend him ? and was this even all real or was i or some ? i up a new tab and it so that i could have a clear view of both my class and my tab then i to play some . my and the screen went white " you ' re ! " the of my first quiz read out . i . it was so stupid yet a mild way of getting out of my world . i was still my pen rapidly . that ' s when the class abruptly stopped . i thought i had the class or something . . and me were alone in class again a feeble " oh no " is all that left my . xb rule do not click your pen . rule do not switch . " you call my name ! ! ! ! " he was singing . a up version of a lipa song . he was to how i had slacked off during class . he was sitting in a costume with the blonde wig and everything . something was wrong with his body . he to have the saggy body of a year old highly to his something " face " it was the first time i was seeing his body as so far we ' only seen him till his . his face had been off clean and there was the same visual of the first time i had seen him . in his green mucus that he used as wasabi to eat his own hair bloody dripping as his burst open due to the pressure his full of were on it . he was sitting like that on a chair in a white room he as though he was a fragile princess with his swaying gracefully the only thing fragile about him was his up state of mind . i could see my phone screen light up with in the group such as " why did sir leave suddenly ? " " where is he ? " i knew it . i ' t . he continued his monotonous mockery of a princess ballerina dance as he continued singing with guttural and of blood and mucus with a few every once in a while . i myself calmly and tried my best to stop shaking . " got in my " he picked up a head . it was not just anyone ' s head it was the head of a male classmate i had known throughout th who again i had left tuition as he had stopped to and his . i was never close to him but seeing someone you ' known be in a state like that really does something to you . he picked up a blue ball point pen and it rapidly as i in horror he went on to pluck out the from my ex classmate ' s head and he . . . he ate it . he on it like it was from the nearby supermarket . he savored it and never once did his smile waver . never . he was now a part of his attendance list . " my " he sang mouth full of an eyeball . i my shut . i ' t stop shaking but i ' t cry either . i felt as though i was now living on time and it really shook me up . a part of me that day . grief does something to you . after a while of you tend to lose everything you used to feel as you are now over come with guilt . why was he killing them ? they were so innocent . why not me ? why is he showing me this stuff but not killing me ? survivor ' s guilt is a bitch and it depraved me of a lot of in life . i to distance myself from everyone . spoke rarely to my and kept away from too who frantically kept calling me and tried her best to cheer me up despite not knowing what i had experienced and i had no heart to tell her either as she ' t believe me give the look of " pity " you give to an insane person . fake sympathy was all i at that time to be honest . yes i ' m being brash pushing away the only people who about me . but who not that i had much sanity time left to live anyway . nothing eventful i by all the and i myself into and crying late at night when i actually felt something as i smoked some leftover my dad had left on the of my suburban home . i into self harm again . my arms and mental health was a mess and the only thing i had going for me were my and occasional from my and . i looking at that man ' s or rather devil ' s face . it was always just how i had seen it for the first time . but i ' t afford to bunk classes either . xb th my mid year were and my last exam had just got over . i was during chemistry class as . had told us he will just be the question paper and that it ' be a " chill " period . that smile . i wish i could rip it the off . as he came to the th question he suddenly " can you please answer this question for me ? " to my sheer horror left the class . now you might think ah just normal class when teacher a question you leave the class if you don ' t answer . but if you ' kept up with my story so far you ' remember it ' s a direct violation of rule and that my classes are anything but normal . rule don ' t leave during class no matter how small the interval maybe . i her immediately " what the have you done ? join class back . " " boss chill what the is wrong with you man relax i just ' t want to answer " she back . in case you ' re wondering in our previous i had her of the and we each other to never break it . we had been for more than three and had never broken a promise . she knew how serious i was about it when i was telling her the but . . . deep down i myself knew she would eventually up someday . " rejoin class " i back . " fine if it you so much . ugh . " she i ' t that very when she told me nothing other than . ' s eerie face coming back on screen . that ' s when i it the of a pen . i grew pale when i saw the name of who was unmuted . maybe maybe it was just my loose sanity that made me look at it this way but i swear i saw . ' s smile widen . i knew what was going to happen next . i frantically her to mute herself . she did but ' t reply to my text . i she had read it from the or something . but that ' s when my phone . an . " look at this you have to watch it on your ! it ' s best in full screen try not to get you need some laughter in your life man chill let ' s share and watch a short film together during class it ' s boring anyway " i got an incoming request . . she had switched . rule do not click your pen . rule do not switch . i the request because now i knew she had run out of time . i her " you know i ' always love you right ? " " why are you ? just accept the and let ' s watch ! ! " she back . with in my all i could manage to say was " forgive me . " blocked . i know the sheer feeling of youth and how you feel like you can take on the world . i still felt i had a chance to save her how foolish from whatever the monster my teacher was . i knew she still had sometime because unlike me she lived with her who were both also with her and . won ' t be able to get to her soon . i had to do it i had to help her . she was someone i would not give up to this monster . " the devil in the depravity of our mind " i stayed up the entire night after class thinking . i know i might get myself but this was the best way i could put an end to this madness . i up missing in my place and sure enough my were there . or rather ex . there was no news on them and no one what to them but i knew . from whatever scouring i did . yes i decide to get the up and instead of away from what i was seeing i ' d better look into this . you might curse me that i should ' done this sooner trust me i curse myself too but you ' never understand what it to be vulnerable as i felt during that time . just out of curiosity i up . raj ' s name . i got from when i was in th grade about his daughter who had suicide in th grade . she never left a note but instead just was found hanging one day . . raj was very personally known by a lot of in my town the police nothing ever came up into it and honestly i ' t suspect anything of . raj either . he was just a really kind grandpa . and everyone just naturally that it must ' been because of her not a seat in her dream medical college . i went older into the missing person ' s list of last year . what i saw myself staring at was something i would ' never to see in my life . i quickly took and it into a file . . was on the missing person ' s list . under the name " " this ' t make sense . i up a classmate of mine who ' t a part of my tuition but knew a lot of gossip regarding our . it was am but she ' t the type to let go a good round of gossip . after an hour of talking . i finally to piece the puzzle together . . raj was the only one who used to check our senior ' s medical examination . my town was a small one and as there was only my tuition center that was trustworthy and the fact that . raj was well known throughout the town made it such that he as the elder used to be given the honor of printing everyone ' s to put up on the town bulletin board . as a result he also was the one who had checked his own daughter ' s and printed it out . from what i know from was that . raj ' s daughter had scored that made her ineligible to gain a seat in her dream college . i up another friend ' s friend who had given me the for classes and him if he could help me out in gaining access to a certain person ' s from the exam two ago from the government . the where you get the was very shoddy anyway so i ' t really when he got it by am . " the have hide your who are you to judge who are you to trust ? " these repeated again and again in my head . . raj ' s daughter had scored . enough to gain her admission into her dream college . " . . . . " i whispered to myself as i every bit of evidence i found . as i up my file it was am . everything had finally come together . xb th it ' s am i ' d mentally prepared myself for the approximately am ' s got . he had her . it ' s now or never . pm i logged into class . it was chemistry . " . " now up with his unwavering smile and filter as usual . " " i thought to myself . i felt brave and more determined than ever . i had finally found a way to redeem myself . of being desolate and depressed had just in me losing more of my to his stupid attendance list . now i had the power and the mind made up to overcome this bitch . i the file titled " in case i ' m dead " and locked it in my safe and sent the code to my mother . who was oblivious to everything happening anyway . she just will receive a random combination the meaning of which she ' get to know only later in the worst . xb by i had broken all the i had listed till then . rule never stay past in the class . rule don ' t leave during class no matter how small the interval maybe . rule do not click your pen . rule do not switch . pm he ' t interrupt me this time when i broke each rule it was as though he to see how many more i would go on to break . pm he his usual routine of ripping off his face but then as he on his wasabi mucus and hair he deliberately broke off a vein on his boiling face brimming with and wrote on a plane sheath of glass with blood " come give your attendance . " i to maniacally laugh . and the worst part is i was actually maniacally laughing he had finally apart the last strain of sanity that was holding on to . he was taken aback for a few as though i had just a reverse on him . i to sob cry scream and i out my address and said " no you ' re wrong you ' be coming for me daddy " rule pull out a reverse on the only if it ' s a matter of life and death . . to be honest now that i look back i was actually feeling like a knock off " " fighting with a male momo from the momo challenge . but well we all have our don ' t we ? xb th . the past two days had been an absolute blur . he came home at around pm and just as i had suspected even though he to have this " human strength " in the dark he still to trip over the trip wire i had set for him in the balcony and falling into the of acid i had set up there . after you lose your sanity you tend to lose your logical in rage too . . or rather . raj was a perfect example of this . the police came home soon . to find what they did took me in for and i all my evidence . turns out . . raj had found out about lewd between his daughter and an unknown number . . he then to honor kill his own daughter blamed her death on her failing to secure a seat and forged her certificate . his family fell apart and his wife ended up in the psych ward . . soon after this he found out more about his daughter ' s affair with the unknown number who he now as her classmate who was now a medical student at the college in the next city via her diary . . he and then his body in the in his basement . . due to quarantine he was now stuck with hearing from his daughter ' s room and her lover ' s body in the below . his guilt to deprive him of his sanity . . upon reading his daughter ' s diary again and again he was that his daughter could love another man more than him so he decided to take the role of the " man " and re christened himself with his old name " " and on the face of and used his chemical knowledge to preserve it the best he could . . he had off his original face and in his own " to have healthy decomposition of my past self " he induced himself with . the in his face were so they ' t even respond to pain . the mucus was residue of plasma and worm poop i guess . . i was not chosen nor was i anything special . i had just discovered his secret by past and i had a few in common to his daughter such as my pen due to anxiety . hence he decided to me by my computer to treat me now as his " daughter " . he slowly and killing people from my class as they broke the he a few when they broke just one rule and was more patient with the of me who he thought could still be " " through proper " " . never . she was found by the police alive in . raj ' s basement naked alive covered with and as she was laying screaming on the floor among several other dead . she was then admitted at the psych ward where . raj ' s wife was and was then transferred from there as her conditioned . i haven ' t anything about her since . . raj the following week in the hospital . said it was for the best . my returned home by and we out after my th grade . i did well and to get into my dream college . thereby to wash off the blood and guilt of the loss of life of my ex and my ex best friend due to me not the very first " sighting " of " . " from my by serving society back and saving the of . i attend therapy and have decided to channel my anger fear and hate to a more positive channel . i look forward to living a low key life . " the devil indeed in the depravity of our mind . " i knew exactly what kind of prick he was the moment our met . there s a certain exchange that at like that and whether the respect is sincere is secondary to the fact that something was at all . t meet my and his handshake was diffident . this man t just he t care much for me one way or another . not that i . i make one thing clear here and now i let them know . you don t have to like me . you don t even have to respect me . you just have to do what i say when i say it . are we clear ? had the look of a child something he was never deserving of . he to direct this project and he my corner office and he that someone got his due . and to be perfectly honest that impotent resentment was like candy to me . don t get me wrong i never been a sadist or even a . well for the most part . but i do so love seeing overgrow their bottle . unfortunately i also work somewhere where short of executive level a higher position actually greater . these chiefly being make us more money now and forever . and i did because it was my job and because it meant more of the pie for me . meanwhile tack and himself with me . i at it for a while but the only thing that made sense was that he d enough to realize the prudent move would be to wait for me to move up and to take my job then . and so i t think too much of it when he me coffee or keeping on my schedule or when he the message that my meeting with our sister company had been up a week . business as usual . i him and he and out . thinking back i should have done the bare minimum and double checked my own business but by then i was suitably into the idea that my department was a well oiled machine . when i in new the following afternoon i around for my driver . a nondescript looking man in a grey three piece suit stood nearby with on a placard next to a curious doodle of a rabbit . i over head cocked to the side . what s this ? you takin me to the playboy mansion ? madam was all he said and for me to follow . he back with calm grey under a well combed head of grey hair . too grey for someone so young . he raised his slightly and i . i probably should have something was wrong a lot but as you may have surmised i m something of a and so i had my phone and tablet working in tandem as i for the upcoming meeting . meanwhile the tinted of the sleek the outside world as we sped away from the airport the the highway until all i saw whipping by were . i up frowning . excuse me are you going the right way ? i m we re headed directly there . . the chief should already be waiting the man crisply . he said it with such a quiet finality that i t respond which is a rarity . as i to pay actual attention to my surroundings i saw we were driving up a road to a large plantation style house . hung over the property like hair in a child s face . the car softly before the building . the meeting was to this location the man promptly . before i could ask him why or who he was he had the car and circled around to my side to open the door . i stepped out as he busied himself with the trunk and up at the place . it was old but not decrepit . what work was done was clearly meant to maintain the look and feel of the place . here you are . the driver said smartly gently leaning my baggage towards me . thanks i absentmindedly . listen i the sound of the car door and as i whirled saw him away . i my brow and whipped out my phone to send out some and carefully up to the door . at my knock it inward and the sound of music out . it was instantly recognizable s flight of the . frowning i stepped further inside . hello ? . ? . ? nothing . i took another step inside . the front hall was musty with age but the smell of cigar smoke was heavy on the air . someone was here . i cast my over and before taking another step inside . the was stifling with mounted lining the . i my nose as i a doe with glassy dead and made my way towards the room the music . it was streaming out from a door to the right slightly ajar . i my way inside and the shock of frigid water woke me . my head and i looking about . i to wipe my face but found i t . my were bound behind my back . what what the an explosion of pain blossomed across my jaw and i reeled sideways falling onto my shoulder roughly . quiet came the directive . i back a sob trying desperately to right myself and get my . there was this rhythmic ticking noise that somewhere in the alarm of my mind i knew to be the sound of a record that its end . as my to the gloom a pair of rough arms me by the and me . i a muffled whimper to my left and saw a woman my mother s age doubled over her face distraught grey brown hair hanging lankly on her quivering . to my right was a young man bleeding from a busted nose glaring defiantly at a well dressed older man that no different from of our board though i t place him close white hair a short a paunch swelling under his navy blue . the man who me over to join him and i saw immediately he was the driver from the airport . my and a jolt of outrage through me . you ! the tension in the room to jump and he took one extremely menacing step forward . i shrank in a way i havent since i hit puberty trying desperately to form of appeasement . he stopped short watching the panic on my pale face and i swear that . i had always been pretty of my intuition of people but the genial man i d set on at the airport was gone by some kind of predator up in pigskin . he returned to his relaxed position by the man . thank you the older man in a deeply southern drawl before turning to face us . like we might have a couple live ! i to demand to know where we were why but my kept glancing to and his were on me . cold . so i and i . you all made some in your the man grandiosely fiddling with his cigar . it s alright ! it s to admit it . we all make . i make a point of making at least one mistake a day . despite my i felt myself sneering inwardly . i was on a floor while some prick gave me a corporate pep talk . but you lot well . . . he at this a cruel and humorless laugh . he over to the man next to me and down at him shaking his head . i you as my own son . my father t a i barely saw it . had crossed the room in a single stride and his neatly into the bound man s face sending him spinning . the older man and . you re not too far on that count the man . a suckling little pissant like you t worthy of joining my family . the woman next to me back a sob . my stricken to but he not to notice glaring down at s moaning form . yes the older man you made some . stepped on the wrong . but believe me when i say you can still make it right . all you have to do is run little . the man to the overgrowth around us . was busy cutting the woman s . my were on the shotgun in the older man s and the two on either side of him . my heart was in my throat me from the obvious question for the obvious answer . the woman was weeping almost violently and to cut my ropes with a simple yet deadly sharp knife . i could sense him behind me as he worked and as i felt the heavy itchy rope fall away i instinctively rubbed my . shook his head incredulously . if you re kill us just do it here and now . i shot him a sharp look that said i did not endorse that view and found him staring down . besides his nose his jaw was also beginning to swell up to the size of a softball . i gingerly touched mine to feel much of the same . this time the grey man simply almost pleasantly before neatly undoing ' s then back to his master s side . my boy i promise you that if i were to acquiesce that demand i would take my sweet sweet time about it . i would take as many as your body withstood . i at the chill statement and once again back my panicked . who the were these people ? what between them but more importantly what the did it have to do with me ? ! but my between the gun the dogs and . involuntarily i cast a glance to the side . the man had and cruelly at me his head like he was taunting a dog . yes he said encouragingly . go on ! run on home now ! my breath in my throat and i to the woman for some grasp of the situation but only found confusion in her haggard face . ! the man and the snapped to attention barking and making for us . i back and the woman nearly fell against me . i to who was glaring at the older man . he met my for a moment . we have to go i said sharply adrenaline coursing through me . go ! i snatched the woman s arm and her along as i into a run . i think if i d been alone i may have frozen up and for my life but seeing this woman so broken and made me feel like i had to at least try and protect her . before i knew it we were at the . when i back was finally turning to catch up with us . and the sun as we into the deepening bog . i work in the private armed security industry have for about now . i recently was given a contract for a construction site in a bad neighborhood in a city in eastern . i ' worked in some rough and in comparison this gig was suppose to be a cakewalk . but i ' seeing i . . . . i can ' t really explain . the shift is a pm am shift based in an apartment complex that is being down the street from section housing . it was all quiet at first albeit a bit spooky since the only on the site was my flashlight . but you get used to it after a while . i ' d do a few foot about once every half hour then return to the office that was a trailer . the worst part of it really is it a lot so there ' s of mud and everywhere making foot slightly difficult but not impossible . i ' d make my shining my flashlight into the making sure no homeless people or drug were trying to squat for the night . on this site there are a total of five . four apartment with a " clubhouse " in the center . as i exit the trailer to start my i notice a very quick flash in the clubhouse . this made me stop in my . i did i just see someone spark up ? or was i just ? then i saw another series of i took out my phone and hit the record button . this can be seen here after recording these i then the employer that assigned me the contract and he me to investigate and to send him the footage . i him if it could be a possible live wire going in there while i was approaching the clubhouse to which he informed me that no electricity was hooked up to any of the . . that lead me to believe a homeless individual was doing so i told my employer that i would call him back with an update . i drew my firearm a mm and to approach the entrance to the club house slowly . the as i drew closer had stopped completely . i slowly each room of the building which all were . . . . empty . weird . i the client and informed him of the situation and he watched the video i had sent him . he told me to finish my shift for the night and that he would be down at the site the following shift . so i finished up the shift but the were still . oddly enough they always stopped when i the building . i had also it three times after the initial sighting of the . the next night i met with the client . he informed me that the site used to be a graveyard . when the site was for construction the were removed from the construction area and across the street . and the club house ? well that was where most of the were before being . that was a week ago . i ' m still on this site and will be until june construction will be complete and i have another gig in a different city i ' try to answer all the i can and i ' post an update if anything else . it was around in the late s th . it was time to put the baby to sleep . you are a the baby fell asleep within . finally ! you thought to yourself . you were going to go watch some smart in the lounge but the screen was only static . you checked your phone but there was no wi fi to connect to . you went to the router the t come back on . you something from the kitchen so you went to investigate . just a few and fell down nothing much . you picked them back up and but then in the basket and went back to the lounge . this time the t static it was turned off . this is strange you thought to yourself . you the baby s mother but when you did ringing came from upstairs . that she left her phone there . suddenly it declined how could it have declined if she forgot the phone there ? there was also nobody in the house except for the baby and you . you thought to yourself then went upstairs . while you were walking upstairs you saw a shadowy figure peek it s head out at you from the nd floor then went again . you stood there frozen in fear . you ran upstairs quickly to go check on the baby but when you did you felt something weird . was it somebody s presence or is it just the atmosphere ? the window was broken . you at the crib only to see the same shadowy figure standing next to the crib and glaring back at you . it was a man wearing a black leather jacket with a short top hat . the crib was torn to with a message written on the wall " happy " and the the person to be . . standing there and well . . feeding on something . you then took a moment to figure out what was going on . . xb xb xb xb xb chapter xb xb its been many since that incident you ' been with depression and ever since the event took place . you were also a fee of by the family the family but you ' t care about that . everybody blamed you for what . your your family you lost them all . when brightness it ' s way into your life you think of that moment and hide in the darkness again . you always think of how bad of a human being you are . you always get this message racing through your mind " if i got there quick enough . . . " one night you were walking up the drunken from the bar . . until you saw a writing on the wall . " happy " you your glass of beer on the floor and your in a matter of fear . " this is my end " you ran quickly to your room with running down your and the revolver . xb xb but not for the killer . xb xb xb xb xb xb xb xb xb xb xb xb xb xb xb th of . a man was found shot to death in his own room . part three two pump action one double . five hunting three bolt action with . and only had . s though . all . one semi automatic . assault rifle . you were supposed to turn this in awhile ago now will . one pistol . what ' s our ammo situation ? i the group . trying to keep my voice low . got a few of . s . plenty of shot and a few but i m a bit low on s will not taking his away from the in his . i got s . said . they re over at my place though . . . . . . good to know . will coldly . will s street was still . every other house had shut their . probably tried to lock themselves in their . unfortunately i think they were probably all sitting for what was coming our way . only a few streets down we could hear the screaming the ring of gunfire loud roaring as our over the falling snow . we t see it but above us the sound of a helicopter rose and faded as it inevitably circled the community . whether it just to aid the or would fire on us the second we were spotted i t know . do we have anything else ! ? anything we can use at all ? i out the . will finally turned away from the window to give me a look . wait right here . he said running somewhere in his home to find whatever he was thinking of . t said a word to anyone since they gave us that announcement . she had curled herself up in a corner and was now rocking little jerry in her arms while staring dead ahead into nothing . do we have a plan ! ? at us while ducking under the window . we can t just wait here for them to come shoot us all ! there s be a better plan ! what s the other option ? said back to her . i already told you ! the sky is swarming with ! the minute we go outside a thousand will be all over us ! a thousand are already on us dummy ! those men are here because of the girl ! pointed over to . they already know where she is so why are we still sitting here ? ! so what then ? ! run to some other house ? ? run into the on foot when the snow is up to our ! tell me ? how do you think that is going to work ! ? they were starting to raise their . we should just throw the girl out the door and be done with this . . . interrupted . what the did you just say ? ! at him . oh don t tell me you can t see why ! either we all die or they take her . it s not a hard decision . you listen to me you little ! i quickly gaining their attention . first of all keep your down ! second no one s giving up the girl . not while i m still breathing anyway . i said giving a look . i want you two to take as much furniture as you can and block off the front door . . . leave the back one clear for now though . . . i . the two just at me for a moment . right . . . get ! go ! i them . they quickly to their . got em ! said immediately being by the group sorry sorry . i got em . in his hand were three large bear traps dangling off iron . tell me you don t actually use those will ! i said sharply . well . when i was a boy with my pa but it s been a little while . he said with a nervous grin . i rolled my . whatever that s good ! maybe set em by the back door and the other . got it . he before running off . everything had been quiet outside for a while . like the most dreadful calm before the storm i had ever felt . you think we can really hold them off here ? me with a hint of uncertainty in his voice . i briefly . i don t know . i . right now i don t even know what s coming . . . everyone aside from out of the window as the sound of slowly made their way down will s street . three s through the snowy road . their sides already had a few bullet so some of the had been fighting back . the were dressed head to toe in full black gear that i was unfamiliar with even their were fully covered . they stopped in front of s house . everyone was silent even poor god bless him only wide eyed as the three men carrying i had never seen nor of before slowly the quiet home . first one . then he tried the door . when it t budge . the man back to his . taking his sweet time as he casually something from his suit . then he to hurl that thing through s living room window . a bang went off . smoke came steaming out of the house . without a second ' s hesitation all three of them ran leaping into the thick smoke . suddenly . i quickly lunged at him . me and will all had to grab that to keep him from running . . . . . . . you re going to get us all we all at him desperate to keep our low as we could . was none of it though . he fought and at us with everything he had . my family is in there ! he cried angrily . i don t give a damn ! my family is in there ! he tried to fight back but more of the group had on to him now . each one trying their best to calm the desperate man . we haven t anything from inside yet ! at him . you don t know where your family is dude ! they could be in there ! they might not even find them ! said if you lose your cool now you might us all ! added . kept fighting . yelling something about how there were only three of them . how if we all stopped like a bunch of pussy s we could take them down here and now . it had all been quiet from s home during our little commotion . not a peep since the men had broken through the window . until we all the bang . we got live in here ! ! ! someone inside cheered . then the screaming through the snowy blizzard . the posey let just enough of their attention away from for the desperate bastard to kick himself free . he running straight for the back door . snap out in pure agony . poor bastard ran right into will s bear trap . and were on him in . trying for our life s to calm the down . was completely inconsolable though . trap snapped his calf like a tooth pick . from the window . i got the pleasure of watching in pure horror as s little one made a last ditch run out the front door of the house . the first spray of hit her . the man s ' t on her as he out the door . he cocked his head at house at us . as continued to wail in agony the man casually up behind and without looking away from us unloaded that gun into her skull . hey ! ! ! he out . something going on down bang the man suddenly to the ground . stood up her still glaring through her rifle ' s smoke . from the way the man s head had whipped back it was a direct shot . ? ? oh ! ! ! ! one of the other men came flying out . by the third . everyone still in the room raised their . a second sooner and we would have sent them enough lead to blast them all to oblivion but something caught us off guard . something none of us . the man had shot . he slowly his torso one hand holding his temple in pain . that really hurt ! ! ! he out . the man had just a direct shot to the head . a shot from a rifle powerful enough to take out a moose . the only thing i could hear was the pounding of my own heart . i watched as two knelt over the man that should have been dead . i watched as that man looking up at them like an angry child pointed his finger straight on us i watched as the two in those black that their slowly up . i watched frozen as one of them a radio from his side and brought it to his mouth . bang the gunfire blasted next to me . bang ! i whipped my head to . snapped out of state . bang ! bang ! will s shotgun probably my . i turned to back out the now window . raising my pistol and opening fire . the first hit got one of them in the arm . he back but nothing more . never lost his footing never even away . the second hit got the other one in the leg he but kept advancing . lifting up his fancy gun taking aim . i t have to tell the to duck . the spray came fast and it came hard . what was left of the window was instantly . the cut through the wall across the room tearing will s to . i look over to see blood through the air . they had shot right through the wall right into . move ! ! ! we need to move ! ! ! i as the continued to slice through the wood . at least half a dozen went into before he too fell to the floor . in the distance the screech of skidding on the road filled me with even more dread . more of them were coming . i by the arm . this whole time she d little jerry in a far corner of the room . i her and i . behind me was pleading for to get up . she sat behind the window panting with an open mouth at the sight of her two dead . you . . . . you ! ! ! i her cry before the sound of her rifle going off filled the room . her and never me . will absolutely shell as he the back door open for us . outside and tried desperately to drag who was now starting to pass out from the blood loss . the were everywhere . of them the sky above . each one of those beady black pointed down on us . they about the sky circling us tauntingly . where the are we going ! ? . the ! we lose them in the ! will back . me and will both one of s fat and with the help . ran for the tree line . we made maybe twenty before the first down . the black helicopter down ahead of us . it fired one more round a few ahead of us . a warning shot . we t even have time to process it . immediately two of those damn s came roaring our way . blazing . without so much as a scream . will his leg . loose on the with his semi . with no other choice i unloaded the last of my pistol at them . one shot a in the head knocking him off his ride . he was back on his in though . took his sweet time kneeling over s body . same look on his face as i ' d seen on . . we need to move ! i to the group . we . i hate to admit it but we had to drop him . running through the snow was already hard enough . let out an anguished war cry . one that far more animalistic then human . behind us shot after shot rang out as he unloaded everything he had left at those . none of us back . none of us ever saw again . we ran to the first house we saw . smashing through the door and immediately into deep heavy . none of us said a word . suddenly a open . as the three of us into the black of the mask the man was wearing no one . it was as if time had frozen for a moment . then will his shotgun and blasted the in the face . he fell down into the hole with a thud . the two of us rushed down the hole in . past the and onto the man . ready to hold him down and tear off his fancy black . his body was limp . we t slow down . we d seen these jump back up after countless deadly . one arm each a limb . we used the other two to tear the black mask from his head . the face of an old man out at nothing . he to maybe be in his early . unfocused mouth hanging open a small trickle of blood pouring from his . is he dead ! ? will exasperated . i put two to the man ' s throat . no pulse . i think we got him . . . i back in disbelief . we took a moment to process what we had just done . will out for to come down . after her and jerry had safely made underground he threw a carpet overtop of the trap door and shut us in . it was dark down there . an electric lantern barely illuminated the body s of the home ' s previous family . at this point i them little mind . my attention was on the mask . two large black with thick glass obviously bullet proof . thick of isolation guarding the area that would be the temple . there was also a button on the left side of the head . i it . not sure what i was to happen . when nothing i turned the mask over and it over my head . i was instantly blinded by the bright light of the lantern . this was night vision . i the button again . whoa . . . i . the bright yellow of will and back at me . what is it ? will . this damn thing can see infrared ! . . . that s probably how our friend found the poor family down here . will i think hard to tell when he s one big yellow blob . i hit the button again . oh what the hell . . . i cussed . a very dim purple light from the lantern but other then that everything had gone dark . must be ultraviolet . i don t know why you would want or need to see in ultraviolet . . . i hit the button again . . . j j j a a a m m m i i i of light suddenly from will ' s mouth . was this sound ? ? ? was i seeing sound ? ? ? ? are you alright ? will as i rapidly the button rapidly as various of light before my . the other button you nincompoop ! ! ! ! i stopped right there . that voice . . . that t will s or s voice . that voice came from inside the mask . . . i slowly my hand to the other side of the mask . feeling a button with my . i it . the view from within returned to normal . figure it out yet genius . . . the voice inside my mask said almost sounding disappointed . who the is this . . . . i . . . . . dude are you . . . i raised my hand to will s face to shush him . both him and were looking at me like i d gone mad . take a guess idiot . . . the voice said . are you . . . you re the that was on the t you . . . i practically whispered . bingo ! sawyer gleefully . will was still looking at me confused but s expression had to one of pure horror . guess you got something going on up there after all ! sawyer continued actually . . . scratch that . do you know what you done you retard ? ! you know what to people who kill one of the ! ? god i don t even know ! ! ! but i can tell you right now if they find out about this it s not going to be very nice ! i took a moment to give will a look . if they find out about this ? i . this is sergeant hoof fisher i m talking to right ? sawyer ' s question threw me off . you . . . how do you know i m . . . i m the ever watching eye in the sky . sawyer cut me off . i see everything that s going on . if you ask me . . . you should be dead already . but somehow your moral righteous little pig tailed ass is still here ! so ! how s the girl doing ? i was silent again for a minute . ? no the other one . . . yes ! ! ! why do you care ? what ? why do you care ? after all you her husband . . . t you . hey ! hold the up i t you her husband ! him in the like a animal ! you him helpless and ! and then you fed him to her ! you need to shut the up . and then you fed him to her ! you ! ! ! ! you know what you maniac ! i t even really believe it at first but after all this ! you ! you and your god damn family ! you the man ate him for the hell of it and then fed him to ! so tell me sawyer ! ! how the ! ! do you think ! ! ! the god damn girl is doing ! ? ! i tried to save jerry ! i actually tried with that idiot ! ! ! it ' s not my fault the game is ! its not my fault the game always been ! ! ! sawyer angrily . i stayed quiet . i could hear him panting into the microphone from the other end . . . . . . listen to me you over public . . . he into the microphone . you know what my job is at the resort ? my job ! is to break the prey into the game and assist them to the best of my in the hunt so our high and mighty get the challenge they pay for . that . . . officer fisher . . . that right now . . . i m your best bet for getting you a chance . . . a chance ! to get you . . . . . . and your hillbilly northern friend out of this alive ! now . . . . i could easily turn the away ! mike and sam don t care ! they just got to get the girl back ! ! ! so are you going to be a good little piggy and listen to me ! or am i going to say it and find out what your fat hoofed ass like when the swat you down like ! ! ! he into the microphone . i had clearly struck a nerve . now . . . he continued in a perfectly normal voice . this might actually be the most insane i ever had the misfortune of talking to . you already figured out that the helmet you stole can pick up all of invisible to your . . . you ' re going to need that . while i m talking start fitting yourself with the rest of the suit . i down at the old man still lying limp on the floor . as i m sure you and your fellow northern the material used to make them will absorb any bullet . he carried on . it will stop or the like as well really tough . it can t however . . . save you if you take a high impact blow directly to the head . say a shotgun blast at close range . . . or maybe a big swing with a baseball bat . . . yeah that would probably work if you him enough . . . anyway ! you got the suit on yet ? i had just torn the thing off the dead man . why are you helping me ? suddenly sawyer went quiet . i awkwardly until he finally spoke . like i said . . . my job is to assist the prey in the hunt to give our a more memorable experience . . . now ninety five percent of vill are already dead . . . sorry to break it to you but they are . that they are about ready to come for . and what would this be without a grand finale ! he as he finished but i could hear something more in his voice he t telling me everything . alright sawyer i said . what do you have for me ? r banshee banshee . come here boy . said my friend luke . we sat in a completely dark room . nothing lit it up other than . there was silence . i knew this game was . i . you never know kyle might work . luke . don t even get me . i know you don t believe in but i panting . luke went silent . i could see his face with the warm dim glow of the candlelight . he hard . it s probably my own dog . i whispered . luke a finger over his . he had convinced me to play a ritual game with him one banshee . involved a long dead pinscher that t like the idea of being up from its restless sleep . luke kept a dog treat tightly in his hand . i could see him shaking . my dog molly out from the darkness . she was a completely innocent in nature like she t even bark at the mailman . luke and i at him . are you sure you know how this game works ? i . i at the i don t believe it in the first place . ghost dog ? and what is the point of the ritual in the first place ? if you can keep banshee tame he you . car crash ? you survive . heart attack ? banshee is there by your side . so how does a ghost dog stop me from a heart attack luke ? don t ask me i m just this works in the first place . huh meaning you don t actually believe in it do you ? if you could have a ghost dog t you want one ? do we have to feed it every night ? i . luke his head slowly brushing a hand through his brown hair . then no . it s literally a ghost pinscher banshee and you t want to keep it as a pet ? you know they re aggressive dogs if i t feed that thing it d kill me . this is stupid . i . there was silence . maybe you re right luke s voice . molly and came closer to us tongue out . she let out a small yip and then to jump into my lap . i felt her fluffy fur in between my as i her tail . she a few more times . stop it molly . what time is it ? almost four now . luke . i across the unfinished basement seeing pale moonlight pouring in through the shut . i felt run down my back then myself how stupid all of this was . i pet molly for a few more before she hopped down and across the basement floor . i her dragging across the concrete making . banshee banshee . come here boy . i sarcastically . ah shut up kyle . luke me playfully in the shoulder . we for a while turned the back on and the out . we stayed up and video for a few when luke loudly . i think i m pass out . night kyle . night . i . i took a glance at my phone and read the time . . i rolled a blanket out on one of the and my head . i and turned for a little bit . i kept hearing molly yip every few . there was no light at all other than the small amount coming from the window . i shut my tightly and tried to drown myself in the darkness pushing me into sleep . it still t work . molly lowly i if it t her . i was going to open my when i what i said to luke . this is stupid . i kept my shut . banshee banshee . come here boy . i luke s voice inside my . this is stupid my own voice . i fell asleep after a few . it was short lived . i awoke with a jolt as i felt a tongue swipe across my face and padding with a jingling collar as molly ran away . i stood up and decided that she to be put in her kennel . i on my phone s flashlight . the white ray illuminated the room . in the corner i saw a blurred white shape . it quietly then a few times . molly shut up ! i whisper approaching her . i came to the corner . as i her up a trail of urine from her and onto me . i nearly her but set her softly back onto the ground . what the hell molly ? i and her up then up the . i came into the kitchen and put molly into her kennel . she then curled up in her bed . she one last time at me before she laid her head on the floor looking like a mop . i shook my head at her then combed through the kitchen . i found a small rag got a bottle of vinegar spray and then got the rag wet in the sink . i took slow back down the wooden into the basement when i luke s voice . molly go away . he said . what luke ? hey kyle . molly woke me up . a pit formed in my stomach . i a low growling . luke get up here ! i whispered . what ? come . upstairs . now . i him take a few . a dog tag jingled . his stopped . i his labored and dying . filled with shock . my sweaty . my heart sank . the growling repeated itself . luke . i said quietly . get over here . his breathing faster . sat on my tongue ready to be spat out . an idea to knit itself together . banshee banshee . come here boy . i said clearly . nothing but a snarl in response . banshee banshee . come here boy . i said this time more sharply and sternly . then nothing . a dog tag jingled . banshee ban i something through the darkness and then a gruff bark . i to the side as a black blur past me . i the basement door then it shut . there was a mangy silhouette caught in the door and the frame . a putrid odor washed over me and i . i the back of the beast through the door then it shut and locked it . the sound of barking could be . i rushed down the and found luke standing in place and shaking like a leaf . . is it just stay there or what ? i luke . i don t know i need to look it up . he yanking his phone from his pocket . his like lightning as he something in . i turned the on and to pace back and forth around the basement . luke up his wide . banshee t leave unless you tame him or unless sunrise comes . i hard . how hard is it to tame ? luke gave me a knowing look . i my head carefully . so . it s almost sunrise anyways . it come in an hour or so . we just wait it out right ? luke . just be glad your family t home right now . the crept along . i felt my heart steadily . i the time by simply thinking . i saw banshee spit dripping from his a snarl on the back of his turning into an aggressive bark . i shook my head and laid back on the couch . i fell asleep once more . i the sound of crushed metal from upstairs as molly loudly . banshee cried and i to the noise of something snapping . i froze all went silent again . for a few i t hear anything but luke and i s soft yet forced breathing . i along the hardwood floor of the kitchen coming closer to the basement door . there was a scratch . then it went quiet again . my blood ran cold as another scratch came . banshee up and down the door and t stop . i to it for ten . then twenty . luke . the smell of rot into the basement . do we tame him ? luke . i shook my head no . he . banshee to bark violently . the scratching and the barking howling . then screaming . high and ghostly like the wind in the night with a hint of something sinister added . banshee t stop until the sun came up . i up the and a shaking hand out for the doorknob . i it against the cold metal and turned . the tang of blood in the air into my . sunlight crept in through the though still about the house . i took a few out . i around every step inside my own head . i turned . molly s kennel had been completely open . i felt my heart skip a few . a few more around the house revealed her scattered everywhere and of blood on the floor . in the corner of the living room was her skin like a book cover of . no could be found . luke for me . i ran through the house back to the basement door . scratches ran up and down it . there was a part of the door that had almost been torn through . in the middle of the door though there was a carving . banshee did a trick and it got him a treat . what if i was in the bedroom and i did something bad ? would the elf still see it ? my son s were worried as he up at me . . that s how it works . as long as he s in our house he everything you re doing . he s magic just like . . in retrospect the whole thing is creepy and off . especially considering what in the following that . the elf was in my bedroom last night daddy . were sitting at the breakfast table the next morning . oh really ? well see just like i told you . he s keeping an eye on you . are always making up . he told me he was watching me real close and that you and better be good too . because if you t he s be angry . just and told sammy to eat the rest of his cereal and to drink his orange juice . we were going to be late for school . wife told me two days later she was getting worried about sammy . he kept talking about the homemade elf we had together as a family and how it was telling him to do . but he t say what . told her i would talk to him thinking she meant that he was being told by the elf to be a good boy or something like that . but i should have by the look in her that it was something more serious . we were never good at communicating the two of us . maybe it was my fault what ended up happening . spoke with sammy that night in his bedroom as i was tucking him in and him what he had meant . what did you mean when you told mommy that the elf you to do ? his mouth to speak then and to think about it for a second . his up and he to play with the fabric of the bed self consciously . what did he mean ? well just he just said to be good daddy . that s all . to do good . retrospect it was obviously a lie but i was too distracted by my of work to pay attention . i only to the and what i had to hear . sammy . sweet . was at work for the next few days and so was my wife . she worked in retail so she barely saw any of us as it got closer to . i told her i had to our son and everything was . he was just trying to be good before . told me that t sound right . he had been acting very unusual and she t the tone of his voice or the distant look in his . she said that i he had been increasingly aloof lately . he t been finishing his breakfast or dinner . t his usual ten million a minute . he had put on his shirt inside out that morning and two days before that it had been backwards . the teacher had from school to ask if there was trouble at home . red . then the following night i something was terribly wrong with him . was lying in bed with my open after struggling to sleep for when i movement in the doorway . darkness was nearly total but i could swear i had seen someone crawling on the floor . it was so hard to see though . heart pounding i for the bedside lamp feeling for it with my . i to grab the cord and pull it just as the shadowy figure got up to the bedside . it was barely visible but i could just make it out the form of a person crawling around like a wild animal on the floor moving quickly and erratically . heart was in my throat as the light turned on blinding me for a second . t see anything . the light away and trying not to panic i finally to see what was happening . . was no one in the bedroom but my wife and i . to shake the feeling that i had seen something i out of bed and underneath like a for . . image before my again of what i had seen just before . a barely visible silhouette in the pitch black room . it had like someone on the ground on all moving around quietly . like a predator hunting in the night . small . the size of a child . left our bedroom heart still pounding taking a look back at my wife still snoring in bed . she was sleeping with a to block out the light so i t her up . went quickly down the hall to sammy s bedroom and inside . blood turned ice cold . bed was empty . giggling from down the hall . . wife let out a blood howl of agony and sheer horror . went into slow motion and my felt like they were in quicksand as i spun around and tried to hurry back towards the bedroom towards the sound of something awful . was like the sound of a side of beef getting taken apart by a butcher . but wetter . was everywhere when i went into the room and saw the image that will haunt me forever . my son was standing on the bed stabbing my wife again and again with a long chef s knife . were distant and he almost like he was sleepwalking as he her through the chest face arms and belly sporadically and randomly . suddenly why she t fighting back . she was dead . let out a whimper of sadness . that was when i saw the elf . was standing on our dresser cheering sammy on . he was up and down gleefully telling him to stab stab stab ! and to kill kill kill ! only son turned to face me . did i do good daddy ? the elf said mommy was bad . he said she lied to you yesterday when you what she bought you for . he said she to get . elf was looking at me waiting to hear what i would say to him . be careful now i thought to myself . this elf a twisted set of morals . what did the elf say about murder sammy ? he said it s because she lied ! people t supposed to lie daddy . his were glazed over and he off the bed and me head to toe in blood and gore . you never lie right daddy ? he was holding the knife up in the air pointed end towards me looking ready to stab again . i i try not to . good . that s good daddy . come on . elf . let s go back to bed . little handmade elf that we had together as a family down carefully from on top of the dresser and my son at the door . he up at me with mischievous made from cut out construction paper . don t know how but that elf my son . he s turning him into something else . his puppet . m to speak . too to pick up the phone . if someone me how my wife is doing ? what will i say ? need to be really careful not to lie or do anything else naughty . elf is always watching . . . r ? medium android source share . . r ? medium android source share this story is legit and when i was a i was about old at that time . it was summer vacation when my aunt me to come over to spend summer with her and her daughter . they were the only one in their house since her husband away and her helper left for an emergency . i was so excited and looking forward in spending time with them since it ' s been a while that i have not seen them . her daughter my cousin is almost the same age as mine so we get along together . we are both loud and we are very close to each other . the house where they live in is in a suburban area with and an . it is quiet and surrounded by . are about away from each other . so if something to us no one would know but somehow it ' s and peaceful far from the chaotic city of manila . my aunt the house from my so its a pretty old house . to cut the story short i and unpacked my . had a little catch up while dinner . it was pretty late that time so after dinner i had a quick shower and headed to bed . my aunt gave me the guest room i was that my cousin would sleep with me but i think they let me slept alone since they knew i was very tired and that i should not be disturbed . the guest room is situated opposite the so you would only see and nothing else it was black outside a little bit scary tho i ' t care less as i was exhausted and not anything unusual that may happen . while i was lying in the bed trying to catch some sleep facing the window . all of a sudden i felt that . . . . . . . . . . someone sat on the bed and lie down next to me . i was thinking it could be my aunt or my cousin but i was wondering i ' t hear the door or maybe at least they would tap me or check me if i was asleep . i both their and no response . . . . . . it was totally . . . . . . . . . i was so and was unable to move . i was thinking should i get up and check who was that person lying next to me or shall i ran and scream but i was frozen and was unable to move . i ' t even know what to do so i just . i ' t sure how i fell asleep that night but it was terrifying . the next day i as if nothing . i was maybe my aunt or cousin would at least say something that they slept beside me or checked up on me but nothing . so i was like . . it and on . i was concerned that they are alone in the house most of the time and did not want to scare them . so i never share them my story . i left the house the next day and ' t come back " til this day . i always been a bit of an adrenaline . as a i often had at least one broken bone along with several and in various of my body . all from climbing i t supposed to or off our porch thinking that if i it hard enough i d be able to fly . those were some of my tamer . the older i got the the i tried only getting braver with age . my the poor woman grew gray early on in her life most likely because of me . no matter how much she tried she could never really keep up . she still me though always me up and kissing my forehead when i came home with a tear face and blood trickling from a scraped up knee . as a i half heartedly to do more of the she persuaded me to engage in like girl s soccer or even gymnastics . to my dismay they all that element of danger that i . that thing that would activate my fight or flight and get my blood . but i tried i really did if anything for my mother s sake . she only got more worried about my as she my increasing carelessness . it was selfish yes but at the time i t care . t that what being a is all about ? just when i was about to consider to normalcy i discovered . is short for urban exploration which is basically breaking into abandoned . yes i know it s illegal but it s pretty harmless to other i used to . now that i think about it most of them could have been illegal too so i m not going to talk about them in case there s any or something reading this . it all with that old house at the end of my best friend s street one that had been abandoned for a couple becoming the subject of urban and . the was pretty much a skeleton of wood at that point with long crawling . the and the front door were up but i t sure if it was to keep people out or something in . the grass was way overgrown so we had to swat our way through like jungle strangely drawn to the mystery surrounding the house . some said it was by a restless soul with unfinished business . said it was left behind and never lived in again due to a body being found in the basement . maybe the two were correlated but i t really sure what to believe so i preferred to find out myself . we had found an access point on the side of the house a window that had already been in . it led to the basement which made us hesitate a moment . if the were true then we d be crawling right into the resting place of someone . what if there is a ghost ? on her thumbnail anxiously . she was almost as adventurous as me but still had some pretty well set paranormal included . or worse what if there s more than one ? there had to be other stupid before us going where they t . then we absolutely can t miss out on that i said trying to be persuasive her arm with my elbow . it d make a hell of a good story . after another moment of hesitation she with a sigh of resignation . i could tell by the look on her face that she t happy about it but i said nothing more so she t change her mind . i knew she was only doing this for me and while i was incredibly thankful i also felt a little guilty . i in first helping her down as she . she was tense but i took her hand and gave it a reassuring squeeze . the basement was actually pretty disappointing . it was like a lair for with everywhere a thick layer of dust and plenty of in the for them to hide in . but there was no body not even the old stench of a rotting corpse or anything . while visibly relaxed i could tell she was kind of as well . the atmosphere did feel here though with an unnatural chill that seeped into my . i tried to ignore it as we on . we up the rickety wooden and we both had to throw ourselves against the basement door in order to open it . my shoulder hurt afterwards but i barely felt it as we into the kitchen our too loud in the overbearing silence of the lonesome house . not much had been left behind only some scarce furniture and on the wall where had been hung . some of the furniture had been covered with white which me to jokingly tell those were the we were looking for . that house had only left us with a hunger for more so we for more abandoned . soon more of our and i . there was nothing better for to do in our small town so any entertainment was always welcome . we went to the old canning factory on the of town the train a mall two over that shut down in the s and many other . it t really surprising that there were so many abandoned as business t exactly booming around these . it made me feel a little sad for them but then again we t be exploring them if they were still operating . unfortunately like a shiny new toy given to a child we to lose interest with time . eventually it went back to just me and going to these . then life got in the way . being in we were too on our future and the preparation for it . sat prep college and scholarship worrying about what you actually to do with your life all the horribly insipid that came with being an adult . the summer after graduation when i was to go away for college and was saying to life as i knew it my interest in came back . most of my were away somewhere overseas or were working part time so there t much for me to do . i was stuck inside for the most part trying to find ways to keep myself endlessly day about swimming in a lake or going dirt with my . then one day while i was around looking for part time i found myself searching for to explore . most on the list i had already been to so i expanded my search radius going on different . i could already drive so i figured there d be no harm in traveling somewhere if it t too far . that s when i found an old amusement park that had been shut down in the early s . it t really say why but i t think it was due to bad business . it was said to be only two away on the of a bigger town than mine which was also much closer to a metropolitan city . surely they t have done too badly . there t many of but from what i could see it t a massive park . big enough to be locally known but small enough to stay off most . one of the i saw was of the entrance where a large sign with a cartoon faced sun . i saw some that vintage cartoon of forest all covered in . there were some close of empty food the wheel and the outside of some boat ride . it was the latter that caught my attention wild of what might be on the inside running through my mind . i had watched of the of the ride at back when it was a dream of mine to go to the happiest place on earth . of course my family t afford it so i had to settle with local and . the on the ride had definitely me out a little along with the idea of being in a dark cavernous space . i thought of their rubbery vaguely human and if i d find something similar in s boat ride . i t been able to see its name as it was all covered in even more . it was that exact train of thought that made me start spontaneously my trip up there . it was too tempting to pass and driving up to it would be like my summer vacation . i thought back to that first house at the end of s street the one that all of this . i figured amusement just like had a lot of to tell . how could a place that once so many joy and heartbreak and all real just be forgotten left to rot as nature to reclaim the land ? more importantly why ? i all my to my excitement only growing as i sold her the idea of up there further over the phone . this time she was even more hesitant but after i with going by myself she agreed . she knew i t lying and at the time i tried not to think about how that was of me . one day you re get us or something josie she said over the phone with that same tone of resignation that i had come to know so well . maybe some are meant to just left alone . as long as you re with me nothing s happen . i intending to always keep it . it was the least i could do for her in return . that same weekend s would be away family and i told mine that i d be spending that time at her house . we hit the road early on with only a vague sense of where we were heading and enough determination from my part to keep us going . when we finally at the town that neighbored we had to ask about the place and where to find it . most t sure what we were talking about while were more preoccupied by the fact that we were two alone . looking back i can t believe i was ever that intrepid . stupid is a better word but i like to cut my teenage self some slack . i was clever in some ways believe it or not and that ended up saving our . it t until an older man at a diner us talking about that we got and a map with on it . the man said he going there as a how it got it s name by the fact that it was only open during the . it had a short run he said nostalgia in his voice . but the days that it was it was like a safe haven for the in this town myself included . when if he knew why it closed he just . i don t know really . there were some that their were poorly built so they t pass safety . i don t ever recall there being a problem though except he his head to one side as he thought . the last couple times i went the boat ride i believe it was the river was out of service . it t my favorite but i remember it being quite interesting . that night we slept in s car and drove out to find as soon as morning rose . we had driven on the highway for an hour when i finally say the crest of a s . my heart with excitement and anticipation while at the same time i almost t believe we had actually found it . we off the next exit other of the park coming into view . the wheel was even in person but it to be in terrible shape slowly being eaten away by rust . the few i saw t seem to be doing any better with a couple stray lost on the . t even finished parking before i dashed out of the car bouncing in place with impatience . she caught up to me quickly after making sure her car was safe and i sheepishly at her scowl . her annoyance t last long as she was equally that we had to pull off my foolish . still i could sense she was so i gave her hand a squeeze . we over the the sun at the entrance watching us with dead empty . it t seem inviting at all and i how other people t been out by it . the of the other cartoon on the watched us as well like we were part of a spectacle . there was something about it that made me feel strange the hair on the nape of my neck standing on edge . it was exhilarating all the same . the park was blanketed by an eerie silence broken only by the groan of a settling structure or the faint breeze . as i had seen most were covered in of . the food court near the main entrance had been mostly left with only a few and debris . the outdoor tables were covered in grime and dust . was busy taking of all our not too far from me . we around for some time finding a board that had an old map of the park with a red dot where we were . we t far from the river so i made the executive decision that we d be going there next . i could feel that it s where we would find real treasure . the and the other could wait . i dragged towards it where we found the out of service sign the man had told us about . we over the chain that would normally cut access to regular park walking up to the double where we were by a heavy duty chain that kept them shut . luckily i had taken my father s bolt for this exact reason . obviously it t the first place we had broken into and it certainly t the first place with . with each loud snap of metal and when the it was much easier the door open . before i could even take a step into the main corridor leading inside me by the arm . are you sure about this one ? she said hard . i could feel something waft out as soon as you the . some weird energy it me the . to be quite fair i had felt it too but there was already a strange energy surrounding the entire park . it felt like that moment when you were holding your breath in anticipation for something . unfortunately for her it was that same thing i always and right now i was intoxicated with it . it s be just get your flashlight and stay close to me . remember what i told you . i said trying to be reassuring but sure that my were a little crazed . she but me not wanting to be alone . we our on and made our way in weaving through the that had once of the waiting line . it was definitely colder in there a humid kind of cold that one would find only in cavernous . on my skin as i suppressed a shiver . in the distance i could faintly hear the echo of dripping water . on the fake rock there were several and giving brief information about different of river fish . i read about and before one of the stopped me in my . this one was about . what the hell ? i under my breath t even river fish . beside me one shoulder examining the poster as well . maybe they to add some spice ? some element of danger ? i out a laugh . i m sure there s better predatory fish for that but what do i know ? we the beginning of the ride where there were some abandoned canoe shaped sitting on the big enough for three people . the water was dark and still so i knew those t be moving without some electricity or at least a strong current . we have to find the control room . i said and at that exact moment spotted the outline of a door on the wall . luck was on our side today . it t locked but it was definitely stuck so and i had to put our to use once more . once we were able to open it a cloud of dust shot up as the door burst inwards . the control room was small with some old control and a couple mounted on the wall . cobweb s clung to most but i t afraid of the spider s them as i the control all the buttons and with childlike curiosity . an asinine part of my brain made me start pressing buttons randomly back and forth as well as making up my own of pressing and . just shot me weird as she took of everything . nothing to happen and while i was not i was definitely kind of disappointed . must have sensed this as she stopped taking and said . let s go back to the actual ride maybe we can sneak a peek at one of their or something . she t have to tell me twice . surprisingly by the time we came back out i could hear the soft gurgle of water and that it now to be flowing under the canoe . i t anything change but more than that it was almost impossible to believe that anything was still working here . i back at my wide as in wonder . now i had to go on it . whether it was intentional or not took a step back . um t it say it was out of order ? where does it even lead ? i i mean the ride ? i guess there s only one way to find out . she but shook her head with determination finally her foot down . no i won t go on it i wait for you here at the control room . she said . you have to stop this area again to get off the ride anyway right ? for the first time i t beg her to come with me . i knew that i had been pushing my luck for a while now and that it was starting to wear thin . i almost to stay with her and get the hell out of there but something was insistently tugging me towards the ride and it s . i t even sure if it d really work but it d be dumb not to try after we came all the way out here . with only the company of my flashlight and my phone i sat on the canoe waiting for to try and find the button that would start my journey . suddenly there was a loud click coming from underneath me and next thing i knew i was moving forward . i let out a nervous chuckle and took a deep breath as i waved at my best friend . the ride normal enough but my skin still pricked as i was lost in the cavernous darkness with only my flashlight piercing through it . it smelled like mildew and something old i t quite place . i was to see some worn down unkindly by time but there t any . all the where they would normally be were empty with only a silhouette of grime on the wall where they should have been . this struck me as a little odd but then i figured there was no reason to leave them out if the park was shutting down . still the ambience was very resemblant of s splash mountain with sprouting fake and in various natural . difference was there were no high or any outdoor at least none that i could see . after that short entry tunnel the canoe out into a significantly area . there were some more empty except for one where there was an of a faceless bear wearing a fishing vest and holding a rod . well it t completely faceless its endoskeleton and were there trained forward looking into infinity . there were also three smaller of fish stuck in a permanent arch above the water as if they had into the air but never came back down . their were wide almost as if panicked . i took a couple of everything with my own phone feeling both a sense of wonder and dread at the same time . on the other side of the cave there were two large which seemingly let you see into another water tank adjacent to the ride . there was plenty of algae the water tinted a murky green . at the bottom there to be of another that had been seemingly apart . there were also some and which were seemingly once attached to something . maybe another . suddenly i could hear bubbling nearby and i whipped my body towards the sudden noise . i t notice how quiet it really was until that small sound broke through . there near the tunnel ahead of me that led into the next room something had surfaced . it was something round not fully out of the water covered in what i thought was algae . or maybe not algae but long of dark hair . it was a head a small one at that . a child s head ? but how could it be ? slowly almost imperceptibly the canoe stopped . i forward as i pointed my flashlight directly at whatever was in front of me sure my mind was on me . it had sickening green skin which to be sagging right off like it was a rotten waterlogged mask . underneath the curtain of hair sunken yellow up at me which at the outer an indication that it was smiling at me . suddenly i could hear the faint of laughter bouncing off the and coming at me from every direction . it was high which made me think it definitely could be a child or at least their ghost . at my side where the adjacent tank was i swore i could see a large shadow dart past . by the time i directed my flashlight at it it was long gone . the atmosphere the temperature dropping further . the laughter and there was one tense moment of silence before something suddenly against the canoe throwing it off the and plunging me into the dark . the shock made me breathe in a large mouthful of the vile murky water . i tried to set my on the floor but it was surprisingly deep so i ended up just kicking instead . momentarily the flashlight slipped from my grasp so i swam towards it frantically and it before making my back up to the surface . i could feel something else in the water with me moving in slow around me as if me . as soon as i broke the surface i violently looking at my surroundings with new . sheer terror suddenly me in it s cold unforgiving grasp as i . it was like nothing the undercurrent of fear that i had once felt at the prospect of a ghost which was almost pleasurable in a sense . thrill everything but this was like overdose and for the first time i considered i might die . something swam by my stirring up the water . i t even want to see what it was furiously swimming towards the stand where the fishing bear was . i onto it s leg the water making it slippery and hoisting myself up as the thing under the water my leg and . i could feel sharp teeth pierce my flesh which made me scream at the top of my even if the adrenaline t let me feel the pain of the bite yet . these teeth were large impossible to have fit in that small head i had seen . it had to be something else hunting me now . with my free leg i back at it as hard as i could hearing a metallic clang resonate loudly through the cave . the thing let me go and i quickly myself up sprawling onto that small piece of solid ground . immediately i a spray of water heaving painfully when nothing else came out . it mixed with the blood coming out of the wound on my leg . i pointed the flashlight all around me that i had gotten a waterproof one . in the water i could see the creature s back cresting over the water of it s rubbery suit missing a metallic endoskeleton that like a spine and . at first glance i thought the on its sickening grey skin were by water rot or black mold but then i saw its tail flick up before disappearing back into the water . i wedged myself between the bear and the back wall trying to calm down enough to try and come up with an escape plan . i down and assessed the damage on my leg when i could suddenly hear a yell coming from down the tunnel . it was s voice and i the of my name . don t come down here ! i back as loud as i could she understood me . i had nothing would happen to her and i intended to keep that promise no matter what . i would have to figure this out on my own or god forbid die trying . everything was still around me not even the water moving but i knew that the monster was still under the water . how could an old just do that ? there was no way that this old park could have such advanced technology especially not underwater . i don t think even had something like this . after a couple more of nothing an idea into my head . obviously being a robot it t scent my blood but maybe it was drawn by something else like movement . after all it had after the canoe had into the room . carefully i removed one of my and threw it as far as i could . it fell with a loud splash in the otherwise still water . not even a moment later the water again and suddenly the monster surfaced my shoe in one mouthful . its metallic loudly the sound around me . it exactly like a real barracuda except for the fact that it was three times bigger . one of its was missing only a dark empty crater left . though it was i could feel its predatory gaze locked on me . i had a feeling it these before finally its prize . i also did not fail to notice the extra row of teeth a little further back in it s elongated maw which had luckily not my leg . . all my mother s suddenly came rushing back to me along with what had said when i the idea of coming here . maybe some are meant to just left alone . why t i just listen ? with a whimper i uncomfortably trying to press myself further against the wall . at the movement the bear forward slightly with a groan . i down at it and was suddenly with an opportunity to escape . still i knew that i had only one chance and that the window of opportunity was a narrow one . shifting again to press my against it i as hard as i could screaming through teeth from both the exertion and the slight pain i to feel shooting up my leg . more blood out of my wound and i suddenly felt a little dizzy . it was now or never . with one last hard shove the bear fell into the water and i knew i only had before the barracuda swam towards the sudden movement . i it back in the direction of the next tunnel with all my might and carefully slipped into the water as well swimming in the other direction . i blocked out all from my head instead on just moving . swimming with an injured leg and holding a was almost impossible but my panic induced were the only thing that made me persevere kicking as hard and fast as i could . there was a big splash behind me by scraping and grinding . i to whatever god was up there that i would survive this to never chase in i t belong in ever again . i would be a better daughter and stop my mother out . i would stop forcing to do she t like . i would grow the up . my came out in short pants and my burned but i on . behind me the scraping by another echo of a tinny laugh . i was about to reach another small stand when curiosity got the best of me . i to know how much of a head start i had at this point . i twisted my upper body to see if the was right behind me wildly pointing the flashlight around . there in the cavern behind me i could see at least a dozen more bobbing some bigger and as small as the first one i d seen . many more of glowing yellow bright as on a moonless night watched me struggle . i could feel icy hot hatred suddenly flood through me with a sort of deeply rooted wrath i had never before but it t my own . not far from me the water movement . quickly i myself up onto the stand gripping the fake and ripping some off . i t care to ruin anything everything had already lost it s charm a while ago . at least i was in the first passageway now much closer to the starting point . not far from me i could see s flashlight reflecting on the water . josie ! she panic laced in her voice . josie what s going on ! ? instead of i for a moment for the water to still and then another moment just in case . then i quickly removed my other shoe and threw it behind me . i slipped into the water once more swimming as fast as i could towards s light my only beacon of hope . this was a much longer path for me to swim without the safety of another piece of land so i knew i had less time and even less of a chance . i myself as hard as i could feeling a slight graze against my unscathed leg and almost myself . when i was close enough i help me out ! and did not hesitate one moment before reaching down and at my arms . next thing i knew i out on the dusty concrete floor scrambling further away from the edge . this time the did not show itself but to the surface for a moment before the water completely . relief flooded throughout my body in a violent shiver and i burst out sobbing . i was safe . i was in one piece . i t believe it . me time and time again what i had seen but i could not utter any coherent other than i m sorry which i repeated like a broken record . she me out of there and all the way back to the car the sun already beginning to set in the horizon . had we really been here for that long ? as the adrenaline and shock wore off further pain shot up my leg like licking . the rush to the hospital was a blur as i swam in and out of consciousness my brain from everything that had . of the bobbing and the steel maw of the beastly barracuda through my mind still chasing me even in my . when i was stable and fully awake the told me they were glad to have to my leg before an infection could set in . they were curious about what had to it and had tried to ask but she had said nothing waiting for me to wake up . i clammed up at first too the that i d face for the first time . we were assured by the medical staff that they t contact the police that we were safe with them . giving in i stayed as close to the truth as i could some pretty big of what in the river . the last thing i was to be for sounding insane . they t believe me and frankly i t blame them . i t really understand it myself . just along to my story but t really say anything probably just as in shock as i was . our had been and as we for them to arrive one of the in the room looking like he had been dying to tell us something . he untill most of the staff was gone before crouching next to the bed so he was close to us . he in close lowering his voice his breath smelling of coffee and nicotine . i know that your wounds are not from getting stuck in a fence . the pattern t match and the other might be ready to write it off but i think i know what really . this doctor an older gentleman who s name i can t disclose told us what really brought down . a couple after the park had a boy was said to have in the river . no one knew any more than that but assumed he had just fallen off the canoe and got stuck or something . the park afraid for the park s reputation and the possibility of its shutdown covered this up extensively and shut down the boat ride . problem is this kept happening . were disappearing in the park there one moment and gone the next . were going to the police and too many piled up for them to just continue to ignore it . some time into the investigation an employee of the park once went into the river for unknown and found some pretty not to mention evidence . they were rattled so deeply that they could not keep it a secret and that was s ruin . luckily the to have stopped after the park had closed . no one before us had into the river likely because they had the or maybe because they could just feel the evil in that place . it had been waiting and we had right into it . after home i lost my appetite for adventure . i just t find the appeal especially not after waking up from most nights . i stayed away from most of water even as small as swimming . hell i t even watch those ride without a primal reaction . i knew that my mother was happy that i was alive and was now taking my safety seriously but i could tell she was worried about my new withdrawn self . still better like this than how i was before right ? that last summer at home i was grounded spending most of my time indoors . i found a part time job at the library the only place quiet and safe enough in my mind . once i could have being in there but now found a new safe haven . after that my sent me away to college and i finally growing into a fine adult . or so i like to think . what other choice did i have ? i did not speak about what to anyone else and i kept my newly made . and i stayed thankfully but i think a big part of it is due to our . we still talk often but since we re in separate the friendship is not the same as it was back in . i can t help but wonder though each time i trace the raised pink skin of the scar on my leg was that s sentience the vengeful will of the boy ? or was there already something his ? something truly evil had been in that place something that felt old and truly unexplainable . i know it s still there in the park that despite the of many people is still standing . we never spoke to the and we sure as hell t tell our the real reason behind our . we just to leave behind burying our of it deep into our subconscious . sometimes it like it s calling me back not yet done with me but it s a call i have learned to ignore . other times when i m just on the verge of sleep i think i see those glowing yellow in through my window . what me the most though is the fact that we those and now anyone else who is curious enough to go out there might encounter what i did . but they might not be so lucky . the from twelve to six me as a child . hidden of the night where everything was lost in darkness . i was never supposed to be up at these times . perhaps that s why they such fear for me they were something i never should have seen . but nights came when there was no refuge in sleep and i found myself in that darkness . time to stop everything still . it was like i was the only living thing on earth . i was frightened empty and alone . as i grew older this irrational . i d often spend long nights up much later than i should . i had these just as i had my house several later . yearning for independence i across the country . i the freedom of my own life and the of childhood . time and i forgot i ever had this fear of the night at all . occasionally i would visit my but after my mother i made the trip back less often . it had been nearly three since i had last been home when i returned for my father s funeral . a strong sense of guilt flooded over me as i returned to that house . walking through the old and hearing the creak in the same they always did was comforting a note of familiarity that throughout my life . i found my bedroom the place i would be for the next few as were made after the funeral . walking to the window i could see the yard covered in undisturbed white snow back to the forest where i used to play . little had from what i . the first few days were rough . i to accept that i was now forced to live a lifetime without the guidance and love my provided . at every turn there were they this place like . i tried so damn hard not to give time to them but they were persistent . in of weakness i let them sneak into my mind and they d drag me to the ground in a fit of rage or days and nights like this . the funeral had come and gone leaving me to sort through what . usually i was exhausted spent from the strain upon me and slept easily once the time came . one night this . the red glow from the side table alarm clock told me it was as i awoke . everything was quiet and still like an image in an old photograph . it came back to me that fear of being awake late at night . the feeling of being the only thing living in a dead world . i brushed it off it s resurgence to my return to the place where the fear had . moonlight shone brightly through the window . it had been when i into bed but it had since stopped . i stood moving to look out over the yard . silence hung over the world thick tense and somber . in the wind snow whipped across the frozen expanse but i could hear none of it . the moon cast an eerie light from above sending deep to the ground below . i thought i was alone . i thought the world only for me in this moment . that was wrong . something was here with me . it was a shadow a nightmare that wore the outside world as it s skin . i watched as it across the snow . a weightless body shimmering in the winter wind . the vaguely humanoid form left of itself as it by a fine ash like powder . it to dissolve as it only to reform and as it continued . even as it did so it . inescapable . i had become caught in its infinite being unable to escape as it continued . though time had stopped i could feel my lifetime pass . the and of the future something taken that could never be . then it turned and at me . there were no . i could feel as it dissected every part of me in an instant . without warning it . i had watched it disappear but had no understanding of how it had gone . it t something tangible that was simply removed from sight . from reality it now only in my mind . the same clock suddenly sang out . i awoke from bed violently seeing it now read . breathing heavily i sat up looking around . caution and dread had mixed to create an blend of fear unlike anything i had ever felt . after a few i composure . my fell upon the window . as i fought with myself on what i had actually . last night ' s were only a particularly vivid nightmare . a of a childhood fear that manifested in my . it had to have been . it had to . moving to the window i out over the expansive yard . there was nothing no of what i had during that unholy hour . the view i saw now and the view living in my head were two entirely different unable to coexist together in my mind . the strain i was under slipping away as all eventually do . this proved it . what i saw was only a corrupting hallucination likely brought on due to the recent that had my life . i could have accepted that . i had until the following night . again the glow of my bedside clock me when i awoke . any of tiredness i felt were immediately with the painful agony of worry . i t move the fear of what i might see if i did pinned me to the bed . i to keep my closed but the distinctive groan of the forced them open . i cautiously shifting my over to the door . it was open . boundless darkness stood on the other side watching me . this unworldly form an open mouth looking only to consume . i was weak as i lay before it restrained by the fragility of my mind and body . maybe it was moving and writhing in an unnatural fashion . maybe it was all in my mind inconsolable as it nothing but the terror coursing through it . desperately i to look away . my my entire body to be mine to operate . no longer was i human with free choice and will . i was lifeless . i was a doll waiting to forget and be forgotten . every piece of my being to it this demon in fear . i could see it . a human form darkness taut like a bed sheet over its . shifting forward it soon the barrier into my bedroom . in that moment the world . no light could get through . none . only me and it the abyss . looming over its complete form a mouth looking to be fed it out to the body that lay before it . at first it then to dissolve as it sunk into the appalling thing i now was . itself inside me it exposed what was there . everything i had and was now laid bare before it . i was shown no humanity as my being was defiled . i to be human . i could feel it and dissecting feeding on what it found . were instantaneously leaving in their place the hollow feeling of something lost . i was being used for what i t comprehend . my vision had long since gone . laying in blind agony i saw inside myself . it through me me . every possible thought even the buried too deep to recognize were extracted and made patient to its perverse nature . it continued to crawl warping the mind of whatever it had made of the thing it inhabited . looking for nothing but looking at everything . then it stopped . the feeling it spread was with a tight unrelenting pain . it was the feeling of perishing in a dream only to awaken back in reality . my drew open . i sat up slowly feeling my body tense as i to cry . there were no and no relief . i through life a ghost by a ghost . nightfall came in after a day of unrest and light left my world for the final time . at this point i had given up trying to determine if what i had seen and felt was real . it t matter . it had itself within my mind and tormented me either way . i t run from what only within me . it would continue to follow wherever i went viscously at my . i was weak to it and no hope . lying in bed was . anxiety and dread rose up and i could do nothing about it . it was a fear of knowing what lay before you was abhorrent and there was no from it . no hope for a future in any life . desperately i tried to stay awake for as long as possible but this was something beyond the control of my vulgar body . light to drip away becoming a distant unreachable memory . the rolling around in the of my skull no longer had any use to me . i had left this world for something else entirely . a piercing choir of heavy metal shut from somewhere . it was erratic seemingly with the only purpose being to drown out other . it continued chipping away at the inside of my skull . the were large and rusty . there were no only scraping away at a floor that t there . and under the violent though they t be seen . just the and the murky blackness they in was all i was capable of perceiving . i was insignificant here . i or at least tried to . amongst the metallic i t tell if any sound came out . i was a resident of purgatory subject to torturous treatment trying to make my voice . as i had the previous nights i came to understand i was not alone . i could feel it stalking me the humanoid shadow that had first come in those forbidden . born in and of human fear . i t see it but it t matter . it was everywhere . as i hopelessly for the creature the lining either side of me . the of old and could still be overpowering all other that of self . a singular door now faced me at the end of this non existent hallway . the rhythmic of a beating heart could be on the other side . suddenly i was in front of it and bare before it . everything was the beating heart the screeching metal . i again but no one was left to hear it . what i am now is less than what i was . part of me is forever gone unable to be . what s left t know it . it is a doll a futile life without purpose or direction . . . r kfur for shapeshifter the . . r khav for doggo not man ' s best friend i can tell you that . . r kbis for poison a sort of scavenger hunt . . r kzne for link more pain for me . . r kl for possession it was bad enough to deal with them in . . r kfj for my experience in the underworld . . r kib for the party this party ' t as bad as i thought it would be . it was worse . xb i want to apologize for my lack of as i ' m currently in the hospital . the reason being i m from a number of not to mention broken . i m on a hell of a lot of pain medicine which i m usually high as a kite like of the time . however there are of time where i m lucid but the medicine t completely worn off yet . i m going to use these of lucidity as i taken to calling them to explain what and how i ended up here . xb xb i had been enjoying my time off without to deal with them . as the saying goes though all good come to an end . in the middle of a surprisingly peaceful nap i woke up to pounding on my door . i knowing full well the source of it . i cracking my neck before it . xb xb of course the usual in my ass were standing on my porch . however there was someone new with them a very athletic looking woman . just her presence all fatigue to leave me it with deep cold fear . speaking of which i had the heat on but i swear i felt the temperature in my house plummet . this woman s were all too familiar . xb xb ? i said . xb in the flesh well mortal anyway . now come with us . xb xb i without question getting into and s car . i sat in the back along with and . i would felt in during the s than i did in that car with those four in that car . during the drive i t help but notice the area off . i know that should be par for the course at this point . xb xb however every person we had this appearance to them as if they were well possessed . each one of them be they adult or child were gathering wood to put in their . they only when we were driving by . the fear plain in their turned the uneasiness i felt into dread . i already knew the cause of this but i had to confirm it . xb xb what did you do to them ? xb you already know the answer to that said . xb so that s what the ritual did . xb indeed . now i have an army on earth to do my bidding . xb and what about the people you all trapped in ? xb xb she . xb xb what about them ? they can do as they please with that place . xb you say that like you t to it . xb xb xb she did something i hoped to never see again . she . xb xb that s because i m not . xb xb her hand shout out and my throat . all air and heat left my body . a freezing sensation crept over me as everything went black . i awoke to find myself tied up inside some kind of wooden structure . xb xb what the is this ? xb xb outside of it i could see and . behind them stood my possessed by the former of . xb xb you are looking at the idol to summon my third child by . xb you don t mean xb that s right and you are the sacrifice to bring about his return . xb but i thought you said you can t kill me ? xb who said we re doing that ? xb xb in response to my confusion and fear out another doll of me . xb xb the ritual transferred the of our in to here . that even with you out of the way we still have our mortal anchor . once you re gone we be sure to give this piece of your soul a much host . xb xb she gave a nod towards who did the same to her . they each produced a torch lighting them as they did . the first of them touched their flame to the structure . it was only as the were lighting up the structure did i realize what it was . the last thing i saw before it on me were razor sharp teeth from wood . xb xb hey you awake ? xb xb i slowly my to find myself lying on what felt like sand . kneeling beside me was a man around my age maybe slightly older . xb xb who are you ? xb name s and you re right ? xb how did you know that ? xb comes with the job . xb what job ? xb xb he that he was the assistant of earth s grim reaper . xb xb this place is normally only accessible to people with like mine . let me ask you something . your soul been fragmented ? xb you mean like broken ? xb that or just split into different . xb technically i guess ? xb xb he . xb xb alright . how did this happen ? xb xb i everything to him . upon hearing this he let out a groan and yell . then up some of the sand . xb xb he causing me to flinch . why did you have to up this bad ? xb how was i supposed to know all this would happen ? i . xb you don t understand how much usually goes into this job . it increase by a since are involved with your situation . i m busy enough thanks to the . xb look i m sorry is there any way to fix this ? xb i see what i can do . follow me . xb xb while walking i whispering coming from around us . xb xb i thought we were alone ? xb you thought wrong . there are different ways people end up here . some don t find a way out and end up here for so long they go insane . whatever you do try not to look at them . if you happen to for the love of do not scream . xb wait . look at what ? xb just keep your head down . it s easier that way . xb xb i this for a couple until i my name being . i t help but look towards the source . floating above us were the people whose i a part in . the first person i was the woman from the pet store . her throat a gaping wound from when it out . xb xb beside her was the he had . i him from some his had lying around . one of his had the wound from when it open . his throat also had a gaping wound in it . behind him and the woman were my . all of them at me with a mixture of sadness and scorn . xb xb how could you ? they all kept chanting . xb xb they . their grew longer reaching towards me and cracking as they did . i t move . i ' t think being frozen with fear could happen to me but it did . it s like their were keeping me in place as though they had turned me into stone . the only action i could perform was the one had said not to . xb xb you did this they yelling and i felt a scream building inside me . xb xb sorry to say that i have to leave off here . i can feel the pain medicine wearing off so i m going to sleep before i start feeling too bad . i pick up where i left off tomorrow though . xb . . r for death meeting our world ' s grim reaper . some say in the dark they hear . say in the dark they see . say in the dark they smell something repulsive . some say that if you look hard enough you be able to see where it all comes from . those some don t know . they haven t my story . they haven t seen the hell i was into . haven t the and i haven t lost their smell due to the repulsive hidden in the void of the universe . i been there . i seen it . i felt it s fleshy touch it s horrid smell it s terrible voice whispering in my ear that everything i see is real . . today i to tell you . i seen hell . may have in the that hell is your own . that it s a creation of your together in some terrible sense . or maybe you believe it s just the day that you repeated over and over . but i would gladly go to that hell than the one i was sent to . was a normal . i was on my computer looking at some on and thinking about getting breakfast when i had this feeling . it s hard to describe . it s like the of my and were into freezing water . i subconsciously and figured it must been low blood sugar since it was almost in the morning and i t eaten . i shakily stood up and made my way to my small kitchen looking for something to eat . t think about the feeling all day until around in the afternoon . again i was in my office working on a project for work when i felt that cold water wash over me . the of my vision went black and i at what smelled like rotting flesh mixed with the smell of spoiled milk . i blinked and a few times looking around . maybe ? i had . i it up and indeed the to match . light sudden contrast in light and . i myself down reading how this was normal and how some medicine and rest would help . i took the advice laid down in bed and closed my . shot up in bed at what i was around in the afternoon . my vision was completely black . no not black almost like everything else was devoid of light . i tried to blink away this feeling of being watched and hoped to god my would fix themselves . that was when the whispering . felt like were tickling the inside of my as were whispered into my in a language i t know . i loudly and tried to crawl away from whatever was doing this . and then i them . walking towards my blind self making the sound of a horse on . i again calling for help anything . suddenly snapped open as my neighbor a kind old man who i had told where i the spare key to my case of came rushing in my and shaking me . ? ! are you ? were running down my at this point . i just mouthed wordlessly up at him . did you have a fit ? he worried . was still in shock . well come with me and i drive you to the clinic . you look sickly . me out of the door and into his rather spacious red pickup . i can still remember hearing the engine rev as he turned over the key . i to calm down and he over to me as we onto the main street . what ? i you screaming for help and cane rushing over and you were lying on the floor screaming at the top of your ! was it a fit ? did you have a spasm ? what ? rob please not now i don t want to think about it for a bit i quietly . in an understanding manner and said nothing else just over and kindly my shoulder any time i to be zoning out . still can t think about what next . moment he was trying to revive me with some of his funny old of him and his did when they were the same age as me and the next a creature had flung itself into the car . i can see it s face still just from mine looking like it was covered in oil different and with made of flesh sticking out from its shoulder nothing separating us from it but the windshield which was towards the ground below our upside down truck . was dead next to me . i t breathe . i quickly tried to unbuckle but the thing . i and and by some miracle the latch broke and i fell onto the roof which was in broken glass . i out of the crash scene and my brain just stopped . i legitimately can t remember what i was seeing for a solid maybe . it s just blank numbness probably my brain trying to adjust to what i was seeing . what i saw was not earth . i saw was a hallway of flesh and mud a smell so horrible my brain stopped the from my nose to protect itself . i threw up against the wall which more like some kind of intestine . there were crawling around in the darkness around me crawling just outside of my vision . they like human spider clinging onto the ceiling with as sharp as iron . their were white in the foreboding void before me . t take it . i felt my mind give out as i fell backwards next to the wreckage of the truck the dead body of my neighbor outside of the known universe . the only thing i could think in that moment ? i don t think i ate supper part one old . . r the dead girl in my yard was the best friend i part watched as we through the yard . a bat and landed on my shoulder squeaking affectionately before taking off again . through the grass dark shining . windy and i the miner s lettuce to our and through the burrow . it was even colder now . delicate of ice covered the mud and under my weight . the felt dangerously narrow around my . with a panicky pang i i would soon be too big too old for the burrow . windy s stiff wrinkled dress rasped against the until it grew sodden with mud and half melted frost when it to squelch . i preferred it to the dry hiss because the dry hiss me of long rotten unfolding in the winter forest . after a timeless span that could have been ten or ten we into the clearing of . i out with a relieved sigh the night was cold but warmer than the tunnel had been . i rubbed my arms and around for windy . a great rumble behind me . i spun around with a shriek to see silver and the sleek white form of a cougar . it was a head . an incomprehensibly gigantic head on one side . the had into a great lumpy orb covered by thin flesh . an infection split the eyelid revealing dim murky light the color of lamplit pus . its mouth thin froglike ugly tragic split apart until it was the size of a cave . a thin moon pale form slid down the side whooping happily and hit the ground in a puff of dead leaves and dirt . windy of course . she stood up dusting herself off and spread her arms . meet my ! there were so many . mostly but too in of wholeness . some were little more than face and throat . some had their some had entire and some had arms all sprouting from the leaf strewn earth . many rotten a few fleshless . one had a twisted spine a strongly muscled torso and a small head that had been in . nevertheless his shone with joy . those that did not have had wet that and cracked that in wide happy . their twisted excitedly . . behind them in a great pit with and i saw something else long and horrifically thin covered in what like a thousand . they re always happy to see me windy said happily . i love them so much . dread and horror were eating me alive . how are they living ? windy s face fell . because i feed them that are alive . i don t want to . but i have to . i feed them the mice the the and the that live in the forest . it s all right because those are all part of the forest and the forest is the monster . it t enough to grow them especially not now since i have no more pond to water them with . but it them alive . and one day when the monster is finally dead i cut him up and feed a piece to each of them and that will make them all whole again ! her sent up what they could from the rumbling roar of the great head to the chattering of baby teeth in fleshless tiny . how many did you have windy ? i . i don t remember . but they re all here now . i around the clearing stinging my . there were so many . so very very many . did the monster kill all of them ? not all . i some she said . sometimes to feed my other but only if they t going to be alive for long anyway . and then i them here so they t really die . sometimes i them to keep them from being up into the hungry and becoming the monster . their chatter grew swelling into a deafening crescendo . now sit down windy said and listen because i m going to tell you about the monster now . all at once her fell silent . i felt their the bright the rotten the grey decayed jellied the empty fixed on me . i to run . but if a hero is to succeed he must learn everything he can even from someone who might be a monster . so i myself to the ground . starlight through the bathing me in a net of shadow and dim silver . windy sat too folding to the ground like a monstrous insect . he was my father . i watched as a single tear slid from the infected slit in the eye of the great head . everyone knew what my father was but they t care because he was powerful . too powerful for anything but awe and adoration . so they let him do what he even to me and my brother . they did not care about us because we were not powerful . we were only blood of the monster but with none of the monster s power . but they were wrong . she her . i was yes . but my brother t . he was good . he was perfect . i did everything i could to protect him . but it t enough . it s never enough . you did everything you could . my like dead leaves stirring . that was enough . while i was away at the pond planting my brother s spine in the earth my father his carcass and polished his . after i ate the stew he my brother s rib and me . it slid all the way through me and came out the other end . it hurt but i t feel like i was dying . even as my blood over me and flooded my me i t feel weak . i felt strong . i my face as shudder after shudder down my spine . i went to the pile of and found one of my brother s stripped . her hand crept to her chest to the bony pendant hanging there . it was smaller than i and sharper . i put it through my father s eye . then i dragged him into the forest the rib out of my chest and put it in his other eye . then i went home . i him ! i said to everyone . i the monster ! i told them of my brother how i d saved his life by planting his head in the earth . but instead of welcoming me they cut my stomach . all my slid out hot and . they in the night under the cold moon . then the people dragged me to the forest leaving me in the snow to die . i put my inside my stomach where my had been to keep warm . but it t keep them me warm not even a little . i remember what it felt like when my froze . when i tried to uncurl my hand they cracked and broke . i lay there in the snow frozen and staring at the and i was angry . so very very angry . why did they do that to you ? i whispered . because i was unclean a of murderer of my own blood a monster . to them the people who had known my father who had known what he was i was the monster . she down at her cracked fragile . i lay there rotting all through winter until i pale broken bloodless . coursed down my face . my heart . even though they him enough to kill me for him they forgot him . her murky to blinding gold and she to cry . they forgot him and left him . his body stayed in the forest and fed the building the and meat of their young . his hair lined and filled . fed on his rot and . in and his . i know . i saw ! i stood right there and watched it all ! took flight . their filled the night and their glossy blocked the cold . i watched his crumble into soil . i was so very very satisfied that he had but that was because i t understand . i t understand that he t away . he had only . into something else . into everything else . now the grow out of him . he to be in the . my ! he is dead and forgotten and beautiful with more power than he ever had in life . i am dead and and ugly than i ever been . i m forgotten and so is he . now i m the only one who . i m the only one who . but i know now i said . he always my she wept . soon i will have more to plant beside the pond . tell someone i said . make them burn the forest down . tell everyone . no one will listen . no one will care . no one ever . i have i said . i can t even fight him because i m trapped . she spread her arms as slender and delicate as the of bats . i m cursed . he cursed me . i was never strong . never . but every year i grow . every season there is less of me . soon i will crumble and fade and be drawn up through the of the . he will eat me . i will die and he will live on . he will win . there it was my redemption . my quest . my chance to be a hero . i won t let him i said . i fight him . windy s spread revealing a single eye bright and deep and golden . we can fight him together . in that moment it was the only thing i . to live for untold ageless and immortal . of golden days and cold clear nights in which to befriend bats and and . no school . no sick mother . no no unbearable soul crushing fear of what would become of him . no more fear of days and nights and and of an entire lifetime without the people i most . instead i would have untold with new people to love at every turn . people i could help . people i could save . people i could be a hero for . i could finally be enough . no . haven t you been listening ? to be with me to be like me you have to eat she told me miserably . you have to eat something alive . my stomach but i grit my teeth and resolved to do it because a hero always does what needs to be done . i would eat . bats mice or anything else because i had to . and i t even have to be sad because all of those were part of the forest which meant they were part of the monster . i will . i eat anything . you don t have to eat anything she said quietly . just one thing . what ? she her . when the monster fed my brother to me it cursed us both and bound us . no one can fight with me unless they re bound to me . how can i do that ? i can t tell you she . not unless you promise to do it first . you have to promise no matter what . it s the only way i can tell you . it s the only way to break the curse . the only way to help me . i promise i said . whatever it to help you i promise i do it . she finally her . her were so bright so golden . molten and full of . promise me . i promise i repeated . how do i do it ? by feeding yourself to us she said . i sure i d . what do you mean ? windy my hand and me across the clearing to the grass pit that had been a pond so long ago and pointed . i carefully frowning . thick and impenetrable . but some of the than the . substantial somehow . as i watched the darkness into something i . someone . was in the pit sleeping fitfully . his breathing was irregular and wet as if he d been crying . it felt like my heart had stopped . why is he here windy ? i m keeping him safe . i told you i always keep my safe . no i said . i won t . you she said . my father will kill you anyway . he everything my love best . i wish it could be you . but you don t want to fight . you want to run away . you want to forget your brother . my don t forget each other . he won t forget you . neither will i . i promise . comprehension . flooded my as all my jealousy all my anger all my resentment flooded my heart scorching all consuming a flood of golden lava burning me alive . i shook my head . she all silver moonlight and rich darkness and like . you are my brother and you are his brother . you alone can bind us . my eternity of moon silvered nights and velvety bats of gloom golden mornings and chattering of dark and with like giant of people who me people i could help people i d be enough for fell away . would have that life that eternity of and and magic . who was my mother s favorite . who got everything she could give even though he did nothing even though i did everything . who was enough . i t enough . i was only the paving the way for the . you look so angry windy said sadly . so very very angry . just like me . she out and my face . her finger was papery and hot like ashes . it to be this way . you still be the hero . you die to make sure we can kill the monster and then you rest . no sadness to drown you no hate to eat you no future to frighten you . only a long dark wait but it won t last forever because i follow one day after i taught our brother everything he needs to know . then we be together . maybe we come back here again but for joy . not for anger . we won t have to be angry because will remember . no . i stepped back . windy slid forward an undulating nightmare of rot and night . my father will kill you anyway she repeated . and then where will your brother be ? when your mother he linger in the house for days . crying and her wet rotting body her open each morning until they sink like wet jelly in her stuffing food into her mouth until all the food is gone . then he die too . alone starved frightened without even the brains to comprehend that she s dead wondering why you left him . is that what you want ? or do you want him to live to see the moonrise and the sunrise more times than he could ever count and of snow and wind and sun ? do you want him to climb and sing to the moon to befriend the bats and speak the language of the ? i want that ! i . the rolling back at me like dying . i want that i want i i i windy s golden burned . i know . she down at sleeping peacefully in her dead arms . but there s only one way . down my face . the wind stinging my raw . if you won t do it then he to . and he could . you re not wrong . he could bind us . then you will have everything you want . i felt like i d been hit by a train . i up at her praying i d misunderstood as her of golden fire . and his life will have meant something . you re the monster windy i said . the pain in her face the grief and rage cut me to my core . that pain twisted her into something else and her face split apart baring teeth . some broken some perfect all overgrown and sharp like the of a mountain lion . eat for eating s sake . i eat to live . i live to remember so that one day i can kill the monster forever . what would you eat for ? she shook her monstrous head then spat you would only eat to forget . what was she really this withered horrific nightmare before me ? a ghost a demon a trapped spirit so on vengeance she drove herself insane ? was she a liar all along ? or was she broken ? had her own hatred her own misery warped her into something beyond comprehension ? had her father her monster into her over untold corrupting her ? possessing her ? was she old and lonely and sick and just too hurt too angry too sad to die ? or was she right ? i was so weak she told me . a child broken and helpless . all i had was love . when the monster took that from me all i had was anger until i found love again . when he took that my anger grew . again and again ten times one hundred times one thousand times no matter what i did for my no matter what i did to the monster all my love and all my anger t enough . it was never enough . i at in her arms . he was enough . he was always enough . i am trapped and my all of them are trapped . i am their keeper in more ways than one . i tend them yes but i keep them here too . they re as trapped as me . trapped by me even . you will be trapped too and you will have to trap yourself . but only until i m free . when i am free i will rest . . . rest until i am strong again . then i will burn the forest . i will salt the earth . i will slaughter the . i will drown their i will crush their and i will tear every root out of the earth . and at the end of it all i will find you and lead you into the hot summer sunlight . together we will burn and everything that s him will die . but i can only do that if i m free . i can only be free if there s someone left behind to remember . this is how you will remember . you . you me . i t promise to eat my baby brother ! then he will eat you ! she . one of you must eat with me ! i thought of of cursed human grown to the size of scarred and infected and unable to speak . i thought of broken dashed to death by cruel . i thought of sad sweet cast down dry to die in rot . i thought of rotting and forgotten of that could be fought and that always won and i thought of flesh and hair and and . in the well in the ground in i met windy s gaze . i i d do whatever it took to help you . her golden . her face was a white and warped a horror of human and lion . yes . you did . . i keep my promise . she my brother out . he and curled . i at him . my heart for him for her for her for my mother and for me . my mind . everything everything would always ache . this was not fair . nothing was fair . nothing was ever enough and this would be no different . i up at windy and raised my . before she could tip my brother into my arms i the pendant from dry bony her neck and it into her eye . it then exploded spewing boiling yellow ichor all over my face . the pain was exquisite overwhelming volcanic . the smell of burnt fat and meat filled my . windy s as golden blood slid down her face . somewhere far away from the pain and the terror and the now my baby brother to cry . windy folded down to the earth . exploded out of her each one full of a thousand blinking round and bright small and dark wide and light rich gold and bright hot silver . the darkness then turned pale and snapped back into the form of a dead wrinkled girl . windy once . just once . a dim yellow glimmer in her like faraway . don t forget she said . and then her went out . i woke in the morning . frost me to the ground and it was so cold my . i tried to fall asleep again but was crying . thin screamy that as though from a distance . i then sat up . i saw him wandering through the yellow grass . my heart . i shot up and back falling . windy lay there empty and pale and so very very dead . her bone pendant from her socket . i touched her stiff dry hair nervously . gone . forgotten along with her and the monster who had them . i at her for a long time as the sun crept high and continued to cry . facing a life without his family left in a broken system and lost . forgotten . i about myself . as the sun and filled windy s dry empty eye with light again i i t know myself . i knew about myself . i knew i was hurt angry prone to resentment and in fear . i knew i would become and and meaner as the wore on . i would become less and less and less until i t even remember the meaning of enough . until the desire to be enough to be a hero was forgotten . i about my mother . who cried for each day because nothing she did would be enough to protect and because she was too sick to be a mother . forced to exist as a living corpse rotting away her last days while her toddler beside her . one of millions just another poor careworn dying mother forgotten by everyone but her who would be forgotten too . i about windy . what she was . what she d want . if what she was good or right or if it at all . and i about her curse . her binding . if brother could bind sister and father or sister to brother could sister bind brother to brother ? and could brother bind mother to son ? i spent the morning chasing . it was hard my burned blistered face him . but i to catch him and take him to the house . my mother t awake yet so i sang him to sleep and left him on the sofa . then i returned to windy in her patch of miner s lettuce and her off . it was easy . they were dry and light like termite eaten left in the sun . i wrenched her head off and snapped her papery torso into . she smelled foul and rich and terribly old . like oak and sage and dirty fur and rot and left to dry in the sun . i made a stew of her . all our were small so i could only use her i d broken her apart for nothing . my stung . into the pot before i could wipe them away . windy stew was foul a grey sludge that of ash bad meat and . and when he tasted it but when i pretended it was good so delicious ! it s healthy it make you big and strong ! it make happy ! he . though he and he drank it all and t throw it up . then momentarily grateful the pot was so small i took a cleaver and with an earth shattering scream chopped two of my off . the pain was awful almost too great for me to comprehend but to the wildfire burning of windy s it was nothing my head was clear as i the and then to make a stew of myself . i made drink half he ate it gratefully i suppose because it was far less disgusting than windy stew then carried the remainder to my mother s room . i had no idea how to make her eat it . i d have to force her . she d think i was insane . she d think i her . but that was all right because even though she t know it this would save her . this would finally be enough . she would have her eternity of and bats of and feral . she would protect my brother until the end of time . i open her door . odor like a jack in the box blood and bile vomit and urine and feces . i set the bowl on the floor and tried to shake her awake . she was thin a flesh covered skeleton with as fine as bat and cold . as cold as windy was warm . the room . sunlight through the murky and golden . i tried to pick her up . my sank into cold vomit and i let go . her face was dark and purple where she d lain on her side . her nose and eye were just like a pumpkin that s grown on its side . i wrapped my arms around her and down beside her . blood and smeared my clothes my arms my face . i t care . i only hurt . when finally in and crying so hard he was i came to my and forced him out . then i picked up the bowl of finger stew and it into my mother s mouth . it came right back out again so i her up and her head back when another cloud of stench burst out at me . i the soup in carefully watching as mouthful after mouthful drained as slowly as a bathtub . the meat would not go down so i in . the inside of her mouth was cold slimy and puffy . the sensation made me gag but i until every speck of meat and bone had down her throat . then i closed her mouth and laid her back the soiled to her chin . i in and her forehead . a faint taste came away on my . something that me of ashes dirty fur sage and cold clear nights . then i left her room and closed the door behind me . i sang to sleep in his own room then went back to the miner s lettuce with a garbage bag . it was unceremonious but i intended to gather windy s remains and drag them to the other end of her burrow . i to lay her to rest with her . and if she if her if the hungry took her up through the so be it if she part of the forest perhaps she could finally take her back from the monster . but when i got there she was gone . terror and joy writhed in my chest . i to my to peer into her burrow praying to see her yellow lens flare . but her burrow was empty . it was madness but i in anyway . the felt smaller than ever and i knew in my heart that this was the last time i would ever pass through it . after an eternity in the dead dark i found the clearing . i drew a sharp breath and dragged myself out . something on my periphery . a skull of course . old discolored heartbreakingly small by a single vertebra from the ground . grass and grew around it . next to it was a jagged gleaming stake . not a stake a spinal column topped by a broken skull fragile leaving only a jaw and the right cheekbone . beyond them spreading through the glade were too many to count . but no and certainly no . why have you come back ? i shot up with a scream to see . which would be worse ? silver or gold ? i saw neither . before me was another monster i d already seen tall and horrifically thin with enormous glossy like a crow . and fur coated his narrow body . black thick golden fur and among them glistening through the . too many to count . is windy here ? i . our sister is with you it said . t she ? no . behind me something . i spun around . it was the giant head . but it t smiling . its mouth thin froglike ugly tragic split apart and to cry silently . the world . when it still again the spinal column had into the twisted torso of a man . attached was the head of a baby . the back was in blood and brain at the . he at me dimly distrustfully . fearfully . my lip . she to eat me . did she ? no . i ate her . we ate her . the great lopsided head its mouth in another silent wail . all of her ? i shook my head . then our sister is in the the feathered monstrosity said . will the monster eat her ? it at me with its countless the round curious of the bright black of ground the dark star of . our sister will eat you if she you . no she won t . she me . yes but she is angry it . so very very angry . and she should be . for an instant i saw something out of the corner of my eye elongated and twisted with teeth from a long broken jaw and papery flesh the color of buttermilk . she you re here . yet another multitude of blinked open gleaming among the fur and . run . instead i to cry . i sat down covered my with my free hand only dimly aware of the raw under my and . and . and . when i my her were gone . all that were the with the thicket of in the center . i knew then that windy was too angry to kill me . too angry to plant me in her field of too angry to keep me with her forever . though i the whole night the did not come alive again . i left as dawn through the bathing the clearing in dim shadowed gold . i through the forest making as much noise as i could trying to attract the monster with silver . but it t come for me . when i got home again was gone . i understood somehow he had been suitable for the field of . of course he was . he was the . he was enough . he was always enough . i ran back to the burrow so sad and so very very angry . angry enough to demand my place beside my brother no matter the cost . if windy me for it that would be fine my blood would water the ground and help our grow . but the burrow was gone . i curled up in the miner s lettuce and cried . i hoped that a bat or a crow or a raccoon or perhaps a sad little cat would join me . none did . no one ever did . i returned to the house sobbing and screaming so loudly the earth should have broken apart because i was no hero . i was only the brother arrogant and selfish and unforgivably foolish . the door to my mother s bedroom was open . i thought of crawling into bed with her and trying to wake her and feed her just as i had and wept harder . i would crawl into bed with her i decided . crawl in and hug her just as windy said would do and hold her until her turned to jelly and her skin turned to foul liquid that the bed . maybe i would die too . when i her bed was empty . i checked the floor then with fear in my under the bed and inside her closet . nothing but clothes that were far too big for her now and she would never wear again . then i went to s room half to see that had dragged her there that he t in windy s field of after all just holding our mother in his room and crying . but neither of them were there either . with an instinct i did not understand or analyze i out of the house and out the back door . i the yard its sparse its familiar and its rolling slope all the way down to the miner s lettuce . there in the deep golden twilight half hidden among the growing was my mother . next to her was tiny as ever and rubbing his . relief flooded me so overwhelming i nearly sank to my . but i t . if i did i would never get up in time to catch them . so i kept going dipping so low i almost fell and toward them . it was like running in a dream no matter how hard i tried each step took an eternity . then something long and thin unfolded in the miner s lettuce rising in a single boneless movement . a terribly skinny girl with buttermilk skin and dry stiff hair . my mother and at her then up the slope at me . their had . they were bright and strange now shining in the falling dark like golden lens . i took another shambling step forward but windy turned to face me and shook her head . then she took my mother by the hand and led her away out of the miner s lettuce and into the rolling beyond to their first cold clear night of eternity . i stayed behind because i was the brother . because my purpose was to pave the way . and because this was not my fairy tale . many later long after i d grown i returned to the house . it had fallen into disrepair and was up for auction for the third time . my squat brooding castle now had a ruined roof haphazardly by of dead leaves and abandoned bird and in the large enough to accommodate small . inside of dead leaves covered the floor . lived in the kitchen and a family of had taken up residence on my old room . the window in my mother s room was . dirty glass on the floor shining dully like on a misty night . there was no furniture only a faded spray of across one wall . s room was empty and smelled like smoke . i outside as twilight over the . the miner s lettuce was there green and lush as always . the burrow was not but i t expect it to be . i sat down in the place it had been . the touch of the cool damp green was so beautifully familiar that i cried . even though it was windy and painfully cold i fell asleep to the oceanic rush of the wind through the dying leaves . i woke long after nightfall on a cold clear night with of icy wind that shook the . when i my i found myself staring at a deep dark hole . windy s burrow . my breath caught and i myself to a sitting position . there was no mistaking it rich darkness broken only by the ghostly whiteness of pale its entrance half hidden in the miner s lettuce . it was smaller than i . half my size maybe even less . a bat low brushing my face as it past . i reeled back heart pounding . when i up something blinked to life in the burrow . pale yellow lens the color of summer moonlight . something pale and small out a tiny delicate hand so thin the moonlight through it illuminating the fine and dried tissue within . smaller than windy s had ever been . so much smaller . i took it . though it cold and dead it burned as though with fever . underneath the lens flare something dimly a crescent of small teeth exposed in a smile . the hand let go and into the burrow . the blinked once twice and were gone . aching deeply wanting to laugh and scream and burst into all at the same time i laid down again and slept . once upon a time i was a sad angry boy who fairy tales . now i am a sad tired man who can no longer bear to read them . but i remember them . when i touch my face and feel my scarred i remember . when i wake with the taste of boiled ashes on my tongue i remember . when i think of my mother s cold bird thin body in my arms i remember . when i see s face in my mind s eye and recall the fear i had for him fear so deep and crushing that i pretended it was hate i remember . when i look in the mirror and catch a hint of murky gold in my i remember . when i dream of and and bats and a smiling little boy and his yellow eyed mother on cold clear nights when bats swoop low and the moon the in warm silver i remember . and i smile . it during our annual party for our local writing group . i had never met in person . after the pandemic hit we switched to zoom and we been it ever since . that night as we all sat listening some of us wearing makeshift a ghost story to us . in the story the protagonist a girl that was about the same age as who i think was or jane was binge watching on when she fell asleep on the couch and when she woke up in the morning she had this very real creeping sensation that during the night someone had been standing above her and whispering softly over and over this is your fault . it t your typical ghost story there was a nuance to it and my description just now t give her writing the justice it . she was a good storyteller and there were always to her work that were hard to pin down . at the time i t think it was real or anything . the story that is . i mean it was one of many good that night . but s writing was so good and her presentation so emotional that she made everything in her seem like it really . it felt really creepy as she told it . like you t know if the girl was going crazy or she was actually seeing or even maybe a real person . honestly i t know much about . she might have been a new student in the area . we got new all the time . i think she lived alone . at least her writing always that she lived alone . since she had the group she had been of a story about a woman that was being stalked by this really weird guy at her college . we t sure if the story was a real experience from her life and none of us ever . although in some of the some of us would give like oh if i was that girl i would definitely just call the you know like that . well a couple of after the party we met again on our usual night . in our group we bring a couple of of our story that we had written over the previous week and we read it out loud to the group for their opinion . well it was her turn and she was reading the new to her story . the story about the stalker . was at her desk and she was looking down reading from the she had printed out . i think her desk must have been facing the wall because in the background of her unfurnished room there was a door that to a dimly lit hall . she always must have kept the off or something because we could only see her ghoulishly radiated face under the s light . the rest of the room and especially the hallway through the door were completely covered in . and that s when i first saw him . very into the reading of her story . you know like pitch and tone and lowering and raising her voice for the different well when she was in the middle of reading it out loud we saw a tall man slowly walk down the hall a very tall man i should say the top of his head was actually above the door frame . when the tall man got to s door he just stopped and stood there looking into the room . we t see his face or anything because the room was so dark . i don t know how to explain it but it like he was to see in the room . he stood there for a few as read her and at this point in s story the protagonist had been from her stalker . he was sending her saying how beautiful she was and sending her that he had taken of her in her class or riding her bike and even one which when read it there was a slight slip in her throat like a little high yelp as though she was holding back a cry one of the was through the protagonist s window while she was sleeping . the tall shadowed man in the hallway just stood there listening and then his hand as if to wave and i m not sure if he was waving to us or to but he only stood there for a few longer and then past s door and out of frame . i t think about it much in the moment and when the story was done we gave our critique one by one telling her how we felt about the story which for was always pleasant and encouragement . well it was s turn another girl in the group and she gave the customary she always and then flippantly she said something she was always the catty one she said something like oh i t know you had a . well she confused and towards the screen like she t really hear what had said . so told she saw a man walk by down the hallway . and then gave a smile and said he is tall t he ? what s his name ? and s face suddenly . i remember it vividly even now . that change of her unnaturally lit face bordered by the darkness of the room . her face went from a pleasant smile and then slowly away and there was this look of confused fear and anger . turned quickly to look back towards the door jarring the desk when she did and the shook a little and then she back at the camera and her hair behind her ear nervously . and she said that s not funny . and confused i think . and said what do you mean ? i t want a confrontation . i never like confrontation so i spoke up quickly . i saw him too i said . in your hallway . he was walking down your hallway as you were reading . really upset and it was quite awkward for a few . and she kept looking behind her she even got up and to the door and sheepishly down the hall both ways . then she the door shut came back and said that she lived alone and us again if we were sure we saw someone . the strange thing is not everyone saw it or maybe they just t notice it . to me i t understand how could not seen it . i mean he was huge . well i definitely saw him at least . and apparently so did . but the t see him and now to think we were messing with her . that somehow and i this . i t say anything for the rest of the meeting and we ended up finishing early because we could tell how upset was . and by the end of the meeting even and that maybe she had been mistaken . we met again a week later and we t sure if would join us . but she up a few late and she really tired . there were under her dark and blue and her nice hair was all messy and she like she t slept in . i thought back to her story and how that girl would wake up feeling like someone was standing over her whispering to her this is your fault . well we all gave our and did our small talk how everyone was how we were handling the pandemic . t really say anything to anyone . i think she had her desk because she t facing the same way now . now all we could see behind her was a window that was by the night . i think she did this so she could face towards the door because as we were talking i could see her paranoid staring intently at the other side of the room . i don t even think i ever saw her blink once but i m sure she did . she stayed that way for the whole meeting hardly giving any feedback hardly saying anything . just staring down the hallway . sometimes i wonder if she just our meeting so she t feel alone . well we were almost done with the meeting and everyone had their few of new material except for . so she on her story about the stalker reading the new she had written . the protagonist in the story finally went to one of the at her school and him the from the guy and the that he had secretly taken of her . and ultimately the guy lost his full ride football scholarship and was from the college . he continued to send her but they were more violent now . talking about killing her for what she had done to him talking about killing himself . telling her it was all her fault . and by this point in the story i had been drinking a little bit i generally like to have a glass of wine during our . i don t really feel comfortable behind the screen until i m about halfway through that glass of wine . i say this because what i saw was so strange that i thought it might have been the wine affecting me . like i said there was a window behind her . and as she read her face was earnest and sweaty . the window had been glazed with a sheet of black night for the whole meeting and then all of a sudden for just a few i think as a car must had or maybe up into a driveway near her house the window up for just that split second and i could of swore i saw a man a huge man standing right outside her window . i mean he t have been more than a foot or two from the back of her . i forward quickly to see if i was actually seeing what i thought i was seeing but the light was gone and the window was dark again . i quickly at the other on the screen and no one to be . i mean if they d seen it too i knew i would it in their because it was downright one of the i had ever seen . but everyone was smiling and nodding or acting like they were listening while their little and zig zagged to whatever they were reading on the . i t know what to do . i was to say something . if i said something she would definitely freak out . and it t look like anyone else saw it not even . i t even know for sure if i saw it . maybe it was just a humped shadow of a bush or something . well was still reading her story and i could tell this was the final chapter that this story was coming to an end . there was a pressure building you know ? because the girl in the story to be happy again for a few . she t from the guy and she was able to go out again and feel like she was safe . and for some reason i knew that t let it just stay happy like that . she t do that . so the protagonist had gotten home from her part time job exhausted and after she all her stuff down from the day and purse and everything she into her bathroom and . she that the vanity mirror was open and she t remember opening it . so she the vanity and as she her pale naked body standing there in the fluorescent light there was something written on the mirror the this is your fault written in a childish scrawl with blood and then she saw a trail of glistening crimson along her sink and her toilet and a hand smear of blood on her shower curtain . she put her hand to her mouth to hold in a scream and she stepped softly to the shower curtain and slid it open slowly the metal of the curtain scraping along the bar but just before finished the sentence she broke down crying . and everyone in the group was silent for a few . and i felt like i had to say something i had to tell her what i saw . so i unmuted my and i forward and i said listen to me and i remember her looking at the computer and she must have been looking at my screen for just a second before there was a loud sound and of glass down and a massive hand through the window and her roughly by the hair and for a split second i saw her bulge in terror and a scream escape her mouth before she was dragged like a through the gaping black hole of the window and out into the silent night . the town of was big enough to justify its own cold storage but far too small to make proper use of it . on average i would end up seeing about five a month most of them from the smaller nearby . my work at the morgue was quick and impersonal . no one that i could recognize ever ended up on my table and the toxicology always came back with a clear cut cause of death usually something in the realm of . what i saw in that fluorescent lit room always stayed where it . my work life and my family life were always two separate . that all during the season of . two local were brought in within twenty four of each other . neither of them were like anything i had ever seen . the first body once to steeler a local first grader . after school let out for winter break steeler off the only to return a couple later . bleeding from her mouth steeler through the school s playground for help and then . she was pronounced dead as soon as emergency . the second body i morgan . morgan was someone that most people in the community would recognize . she was the crazy religious lady . as the name of the town might imply we had our fair share of in town but morgan s breed of spirituality was considerably more aggressive than anything you could find being by the the watched . both of the in the woman from their on account of her interrupting of even the most of with her raving . when the local museum set up a dinosaur exhibit morgan was from there too . to her dinosaur were the work of satan to lead true astray . it was morgan s daughter seven year old grace morgan who discovered the body . when i first this bit of information i found myself pitying the child . my about grace morgan s were soon away by what i discovered during the . both of the internal damage the of which i had never seen or read about before . their stomach lining was to of their were found inside of their esophagus every internal organ that was still intact of extreme scarring it was as if something had torn them up from the inside . the cause of death was a complete mystery . aside from a geographical location the two had nothing in common yet the severity of their was almost identical . it was as if someone had inside of them and sent tiny of shrapnel flying through their yet there was no shrapnel to be found . there was no clear trace of the instrument that had these . on closer observation however i found something else that connected the two . in the confounding mess of viscera i found something that made their cause of death seem quaint by comparison . even though they were bloodied and covered in loose of flesh and membrane i immediately knew what i was holding in my . i was holding two tiny gingerbread men . they were small both fitting into the palm of my glove but they still inspired fear . unlike the big eyed smiling gingerbread men that were sold in the local the i in my hand had tiny for and their were into long that well into their . the baked goods i in my hand were the product of a disturbed mind . i just about everyone i went to school with . from the few that picked up i t find anyone who was willing to drive over and take a look at my . everyone was either far too busy dealing with the personal of the holiday season or was with the suicide spike that . even past their business no one me . when i the two foreign i found lodged in the a couple of my old even whether i was sober . not being able to find any explanation through my informal i my boss on the county level . his annoyance with my phone call was crystal clear . the town of was not on his radar and in his opinion that t directly connected to criminal were better left unexplored . after a long back and forth he agreed to drive down and investigate the gingerbread men as soon as his schedule up . he that i t go into on my report if i t want to undergo a psychological evaluation . i filled out the report as best as i could but the cause of death still ended up as unknown . after a couple more phone to old who t pick up the first time around i gave up . the mystery of the gingerbread men would have to wait until after the . i the face down in a glass jar put on my coat and drove back home . my wife t like me talking about work at home in fact she t like me talking about work at all . whenever the question of what i did for a living came up at dinner she d quickly say i worked with the police or call me a doctor and then quickly change the topic . when i came home that evening i t mention anything about the gingerbread men but all night long those slitted me . i of my son walking into our bedroom in the middle of the night his stomach . i of my wife getting up to comfort him but soon kneeling over in pain as well . i of my family lying on those metal of me cutting their open of finding nothing but pink mush where their should be . when i woke up that morning i was to find my wife sleeping next to me unharmed by the baked that tore through my sleep but the joy t last long . my family might have been alive but those two gingerbread men were still real . they were still waiting for me in the examination room . during breakfast my son excitedly told me about his last day of school . i knew he went on a field trip to the museum i the permission slip for it after all but all my son could talk about was the gingerbread men his class made in the morning . i kept on trying to ask him what his favorite dinosaur exhibit was but all my son could talk about was his interest in baking . the house phone rang . my wife picked it up . whatever was being said on the other line made her visibly uncomfortable but when she came back to the table she simply eating . it t until my son went outside to play with his that she told me that the school . one of my son s suddenly . the were calling the to let them know . steeler ? i . she immediately the beginning of a conversation she t want to have . let s not tell him until after . let him be a for a little longer . i t argue . i t share the of what i found inside of steeler s body . instead i told my wife that there was some last minute i had to take care of in the examination room before i fully clocked out for the . it t entirely a lie i did spend some time going through the autopsy report making sure it t sound completely mad but it t the reason i drove back to work that day . my real were lying face down in a glass jar . yet when i took the jar out the gingerbread men t lying down . they were up against the glass facing the outside world . there was no doubt in my mind that the had that they had somehow stood up in my absence and were looking out into the world with their slitted . for a moment i stood there confounded by the blood covered baked goods staring back at me yet the longer i stood in the empty examination room the more i thought about my family . beyond the beyond the up muscle and flesh i had a family . back home my wife and son were waiting for me . i closed the cupboard that the gingerbread men shut off the and drove back home . it was difficult to keep the malformed out of my head on the drive back but as soon as i got past my front door the of my professional life dissipated beneath the sheer pleasure of spending time with my family . after lunch the three of us went outside to build a . two big of a thick carrot nose and a wide grin of coal the creature that my son had away any memory of the harrowing gingerbread men in the examination room . once the in our front yard had been and the sun had set the three of us settled down on the couch and watched a movie . i scarcely attention to what was on the television . whatever was on the screen was irrelevant just a bright backdrop to a calm evening spent with those that i . it t until my wife and i were falling asleep that i thought about my work again . just as she off to sleep she that we should have a talk with our son about bullying . while i was off finishing my my son told my wife about one of his tormenting the daughter of the weird religious lady . apparently the bully had taken the girl s gingerbread man and ate it in front of the whole class embarrassing the poor . morgan s daughter ? i . probably my wife said yawning . was the bully steeler ? i . don t know . he t use she said yawning again but we should talk to him about standing up for the . for a moment i thought about breaking the unspoken of my marriage and telling my wife about the two in the examination room but that moment dragged on for too long . by the time i to whisper my she was already asleep . my mind was still desperately trying to make between the two and their gruesome but i forced my shut and tried to get some rest . i hoped that some sleep would help me forget about the gingerbread men . it t . i woke up in sweat with my heart racing . in my i saw my family sitting in the kitchen making gingerbread men . my wife and son so happy so full of life so innocent yet the that they made none of their joy . slitted and of crimson back at me from the kitchen table slitted that blinked and that . before i could warn them before i could save my family the gingerbread men leapt into action . soon enough my wife and son were gone and all that of them was blood and skin . seeing the kitchen clean and free of death brought a tiny bit of calmness to my mind but i knew that what i truly was sleep . with a generous helping of sleeping and a nightcap i returned back to bed . at first the of morgan and steeler at my mind but soon enough i fell into a deep dreamless sleep . i woke up to an empty bed that morning . for a moment past the chemically induced grogginess of my slumber i found myself worrying about my family being by a group of possessed gingerbread men . walking down to the kitchen and finding my wife and son safe and sound me somewhat but the calmness t last . they were baking gingerbread men . their were unlike the i had seen in my the men they made were cheery and happy and full of pep but that t matter to me . all i could think about were those slitted and screaming . all i could think about were the two gingerbread men standing in my office waiting . they me to join in on the baking but i busied myself with beer and television . i hoped that alcohol and channel would distract me yet all i could think about were the . regardless of how much i drank or how loud the music from the television was all i could think about was morgan steeler and the men that were lodged in their broken . my mind kept on trying to find some semblance of reason in a bewildering world . daddy i made you something my son s voice cut through my frenzied internal monologue . in his he a little gingerbread man with a bushy and glasses . the facial hair was made of green frosting and the glasses were far too big for the man s face but i could tell that the gingerbread man was meant to be a representation of me . do you go to school with grace morgan ? i him . he confused by the question but eventually he . did grace ever talk about her mother ? did they get along ? i him . s was mean my son said when the class went to the museum s was standing outside yelling at us . but did grace ever talk about her mother ? do you think grace would ever want to hurt her ? would grace ever want to hurt steeler ? well s t let her come to the museum with us and was always mean to my son said unsure of my . do you like this gingerbread man i made you ? i t . even though the an innocent smile and was made by the most important person in my life i could barely look at it . yet as uncomfortable as i was the pride in my son s was undeniable . i accepted his . i knew full well that the effigy in my was a product of love but all i could imagine was the little gingerbread man tearing through my . are you going to eat it dad ? he i promise it s not bad . me . i almost told him that i t hungry or that i would eat the later but the pride in my son s was undeniable . the pride in my son s was more important than the fear in the pit of my stomach . in one swift motion i the gingerbread man with my teeth . once i was sure his head was crushed enough to not do me any harm i the of gingerbread with a gulp of beer . tasty i said but i t able to mask my discomfort . that evening as my wife and i wrapped up the she me if i was all right . both her and my son had that something was me . that evening she was willing to talk about my be they work related or not . yet by then my fear of the gingerbread men had grown to such an intensity that it could not be put into . i just told her that work was a bit more stressful than usual this year but that i would be fine eventually . she me if i to talk about it . i t . i t . she tried to get me to open up a couple more times but eventually with the off and the beneath the tree i was left alone with my . my were singular . i t have been driving that night . i had drank enough throughout the day for it to be a bad idea and to make worse there was a powerful blizzard that swept through the town that eve yet i knew that unless i got some closure i t be able to sleep . i drove through the curtain of snow until i could see the faint of the spring s morgue . the absurdity of it all was a steady drum beat in the back of my head but it t until i was standing in the darkness of my office that i consciously acknowledged how insane my trip was . there was nothing to be from closer examination . morgan and steeler were dead . there was nothing i could do to bring them back . i almost convinced myself to turn around and go back home . almost . just as i was about to turn around and walk away i something . i the of taps coming from the cupboard in which i had kept the gingerbread men . tap . tap . tap . like little knocking on glass . tap . tap . tap . like little gingerbread men trying to make their way out . tap . tap . tap ! with my heart in my throat i up the cupboard . stuck in their glass prison the two gingerbread men stood there staring straight at me . they were no longer standing in the spread out pose in which i first found them . each of them had one of their blood extended as if they were about to knock on the glass again . i at them waiting for them to move again waiting for something to happen that would convince me i had not gone insane . in the dim light of my office i thought that i could see their twitch i thought i could see the bit of movement in their but before i could steady myself to properly look my phone rang . it was my wife . she woke up in the middle of the night to find her husband missing to find the car missing . she two she whether i was safe and whether i was an affair . the implication that i would even be capable of being unfaithful hurt me but as i assured her that i would never break our marriage i how far i had let my mind drift . i closed the cupboard slid down to the floor of the examination room and told her everything . i told her about steeler and morgan s unfathomable internal damage . i told her about the gingerbread men . i told her about how i was . she patiently and with each word that left my with each part of my insane story that i i found myself less and less . the cause of death was still a mystery but the pure act of explaining the gingerbread theory made it seem inconceivable . the murderous gingerbread men were not real what was real was my worried wife who was waiting for me at home . once i was all out she me to come home . i did . as i shut off the and left the examination room however the bit of doubt into my mind . tap . tap . tap . i it and drove back home . the steadily rotating cast of extended family that came through our house kept me for the next couple of days . all of murderous gingerbread men beneath the fear that my mother in law inspired in me but that fear t something that my . that fear was manageable . when my wife and i had decided to tell our son about steeler he t seem overly concerned . apparently his had already told him just about everyone from his class knew as soon as the playground rumor mill got going . he just never brought it up because he knew that mommy t like talking about death in the house . the pretty comfortable about the concept of mortality but what can one expect from a child who s father works with the police . a day before new i got back into work another overdose from a town nearby . the ghastly gingerbread men had left my mind completely by then i simply them to be a part of some minor mental break down yet when i the examination room the of those slitted eyed came flooding back . the cupboard was and there was broken glass on the floor . the gingerbread men had . i spent most of sleepless . i kept on thinking that somehow those two strange made of gingerbread would come and track me down that they would hurt my family and me because i was aware of their existence . but they t . life carried on as normal . my boss agreed that morgan and steeler s were difficult to explain but he also that they were not important enough to investigate . after the first day of classes my son informed me that grace morgan left town to go live with her and that no one was particularly sad with the school bully disappearing off campus . once it clear that no murderous baked goods were coming after me and my family the of those slit eyed away into the realm of pointless mystery . i still don t understand what i saw the of but i have resigned myself to the fact that i will never understand . sometimes however when i find myself sitting in a bar after a medical examiner conference and start of the bizarre and unexplained i tell my tale of the gingerbread men . and sometimes when the booze is flowing freely and people s loosen they tell me that i am not the only coroner who found baked goods inside of a corpse a different perspective if you ' t read about last year ' s tragic weight loss contest you may want to click here and check it out . it ' s worth the read and it ' s important that you have the back story to fully understand why we did what we did this year . otherwise you just think we re aspiring . i know what you re thinking . the last time you did this everything went to hell . why on earth would you risk everything again ? it s simple . vengeance for peggy . in the following the that led to peggy s extreme weight loss and untimely demise at the of kim and i our respective corporate and spent all our time plotting revenge . i mean to be perfectly honest we t all that torn up about peggy s death on a personal level . neither of us knew her that well and we really t enjoy what time we had spent around her to begin with . and she did cheat in our contest which is indeed a thing to do but she certainly t deserve to die for doing so . obviously kim and i could never get for what the police would most assuredly consider an absurd and nonsensical story but we damned sure were going to find a way to punish her on our own . after a tremendous amount of energy spent about how to make miserable we right back around to the source of it all . vanity . vanity is what drove us to have a weight loss contest to begin with . our abundance of food and lack of employment anything more than and to the bathroom us into not only an unhealthy state but also an jealousy of the and of other . it s the modern equivalent of quiet seething in over the sturdiness of that bitch out all those and if that t enough she was rocking an infant mortality rate of . damn you with your thriving farm and cholera free water supply . anyway last year s contest was never about the money . it was vanity pure and simple that drove us to cut the . so it t take too awfully long for us to realize something . is exceptionally vain . fit tan and completely full of herself and as we established in the original story she s a complete moron . literally all she is her so knowing what was most important to her we knew just what to do . we were fatten that bitch up . here s the simple version of the plan . we would call the mystic and get a trinket for weight gain then use it to cause to very slowly pack on the . we would do it just enough to freak her out then back off and watch her fight to lose the weight over and over again forever . also once we had tortured her for a while we would be extra evil and organize a new weight loss contest where we would bitch slap what of her ego by dropping all the we our own . step was to find the mystic . after some research on the dark web i was able to track down contact information for the mystic and arrange an appointment to get what i to execute operation peggy s revenge . his name is timbo and he s a descendent of . his day job is in the computer department at a big box electronics retailer where he a side hustle by on some of the newly to boost the computer repair business he out of his grandmother s house . honestly as shady as his scheme is i give him some credit for making a modern buck granny s ancient . then of course there s the . love love bad luck good fortune and a host of other can be via the pimple faced year old along with a killer pork goulash recipe . i timbo via and made to deal . most of the timbo are temporary . want to purchase some bad luck for the bitch that to have it all ? it would only last a week or two depending on how much you to pay for it but no longer than that . he t down with people completely destroy . and much like handgun in there was a cooling off period between payment and trinket delivery . it gave the buyer a chance to change their mind before doing something potentially catastrophic and timbo t feel quite as much like an for such . now i did say most of his are temporary . the body change though ? before peggy they indefinitely . it had never crossed timbo s mind that a customer would use that type of spell to hurt someone . ? maybe but still an honest mistake . xb i sent payment for a pack of weight loss for myself and kim and a couple worth of weight gain for . for body change spell the newly cooling off period was three before delivery . so what did kim and i plan to do in the ? eat . and eat . and eat . why the hell not ? the were coming . xb xb just for fun i did some during the eating period . xb day what a beautiful feeling it is to be able to eat without stress and guilt . i have no to describe it . i think today instead of a salad that is so with meat and that it s as high in as a steak and i actually get steak and . ! this is how i do it . i know the trinket will bring my weight back down but there s no need to go to . the feeling of eating what i want without the self loathing that comes along with it is more than satisfying enough . in addition to my stomach and it s sustenance for my very soul . i think kim may be it a little harder than i am but hey why not ? and she she s never felt so happy in her life . day do you know how amazing it is to indulge with a little pack of and from the convenience store for breakfast ? i m sure i have a bit of a sugar crash in a couple but that s and i probably not overdo it at lunch anyway . i want this period before the arrive to be a positive experience . i want to change my relationship with food . i m in this for life now . i never regain the weight once i lose it . i won t need a trinket again . day so i gone off the a bit these past few days . i mean it just so good to eat whatever i want and experience nothing but joy afterward . i saw a cake on yesterday and immediately left my cubicle for a trip across town to get one . i felt of excitement in my tummy much like when i see a cute guy on that a job and a car ! kim to have ramped it up a bit more . i let the delivery guy in yesterday and the huge bag of in his arms for the conference room . but just before the hallway door he stopped at kim s cubicle walking away empty handed a few later . after about of hearing nothing but and of pleasure from her cubicle kim finally came up for air and said hey i hate that nickname and she it you want a ? i got the pack . i declined because they gross me out . they re like little that take a crap in your mouth . no thanks . a few later i the lid pop off the foil container and kim said well hello my . day well i tried by best to pace myself a bit but god there s so much amazing food out there . it s cool though . the trinket will be here in days . i can maintain some control from here on out . i m sure of it . my shift is over and i need to stop and get some . kim and i are meeting for dinner at the cheesecake factory . days through i haven t for a while . i just been so busy with eating and i had a lot of trouble because of all the in my keyboard . on day kim stepped into the main work area and across the room . did you know about most stuff ? i t know they until i my head into the shelf trying to reach a bag of chewy sweet ! now you know how i feel about . we established that during contest . a few ago during a mascara smeared run to the liquor store after a bad breakup i discovered the stuff . we re talking triple the icing here . it was amazing and i was eating five at a time for after that left me and took my new . i really should stop the free dating . but most stuff ? could this even be a real thing ? i mean who even needs that much icing ? ? kim of them on my desk . i one with all the excitement of with his golden ticket winning chocolate bar . holy . it was magnificent . the original delicious was lovingly hugging a of perfectly shaped icing a half inch thick . it like one of those big wheel ice cream which coincidentally i have in the freezer for later . kim at me with a huge grin . go for it . i gave her that quit calling me look then my attention on the as i off one of those that white creamy patty of joy . kim over and my hair back as i the icing side vertically and bit into it . with my closed and in a satisfied smile i savored the sugary goodness as kim and a bit of icing off my nose . she backed away slowly saying i just leave the two of you alone now . xb so i stopped after day . although i had bought a new keyboard after my best to clean the first one my were usually just too greasy to type anyway . the last week of the cooling off period was filled with epic savage level eating . without the to melt off the we t keep up the pace peggy had set but damned if we t try . my relationship with food turned into a complete ravishing love affair with and a downward spiral into the heavenly abyss of crackers . fresh ? sure . i take all of them . just because they re individually t mean you can t eat them a box at a time . kim s vice was nut . i must say i also them quite a bit with my crackers and the occasional . . . not occasional . . chips a hoy . it was all so much fun . we ourselves the and i think kim s mouth was permanently chocolate brown by the time the . finally the were in hand and it was time to execute operation peggy s revenge . the timing was perfect because i was about a week away from to replace my entire wardrobe . we were ready to get this thing rolling but we had one minor detail to take care of . we blood . timbo had a new security feature on his . in the past all that was was a bit of saliva to bind them to the owner and activate the process for which they were designed . however after the incident with peggy timbo the security to require blood . and as an additional security feature the effective range was only instead of the original distance of . so we to find a way to get some blood from which was no easy task . here are a few of the brilliant we came up with . hire a to mug her . put in her shoe . trick her into thinking she may be diabetic and prick her with a blood sugar monitor . punch her in the nose . i never how completely stupid these were until just now . . after a few days we were nearly in a panic . we had gone ahead and our weight loss but had never given the consideration as to how hard it would be to get s blood . then complete utter dumb luck or possibly peggy from the great beyond struck literally . kim and i were still on whatever we could get our on and we had gotten those on a wheel of swiss cheese . yes i said a wheel . loading up on we found a good sharp knife and up slice after slice of s best until we were both ready to pop . after quite some time kim was too stuffed to walk the cheese back to the refrigerator in my cubicle so she decided to just throw it to me . originally in diameter the wheel had been down to a chunk about the size of a baseball . in a tragic yet delightfully fortuitous moment of distraction courtesy of the beautiful t . j . from the department walking his handsome ass past kim s cubicle she the cheese just a little bit low . the chunk of perforated off white goodness hit s cubicle wall and struck her right in the nose . within a split second kim shot up out of her seat and had a perfect view of the blood that came pouring out and all over s desk . she frantically for and came up empty . kim ! ! my nose is bleeding ! oh no ! i m so sorry ! that awful . let me help you to the bathroom while barely the huge grin on her face . kim by the elbow and to shuffle her off across the office while giving me the signal to get some blood . i my body to s cubicle as fast as i could and scraped a few precious of it off the desk and into a sandwich bag . holy crap . we had done it . let the show begin xb a day later we had s weight gain trinket and cleverly in her purse . it was one of those little that pecked nonstop while under light . it me one my had on their dining room table . it would dip its forked beak into a stack of and bring one back up to me . this one however was stabbing its beak into a little plastic cake . kim it out of sight of but well within the . the weight gain slowly but after just a few days it quickly . as it turns out actually eating t even a requirement for the thing to work . her girth within two days and panicked . i suppose when a person is so exceptionally vain that they re the scale and the mirror multiple times daily the fat no chance of sneaking up on them . went into battle mode . she daily in our company s gym anyway but by the end of the first week we were also seeing her in there before work and during lunch . she was already going hard and we were beyond excited to see our plan shaping up so fast . within a few more days she was barely eating . while typically a protein bar and salad type she quickly cut her intake back considerably . kim and i a high five every time i past her cubicle . then the mumbling . softly from s mouth it out with the occasional what the hell is going on here ? and gradually in frequency to like thyroid it s be my thyroid or my belly is hanging over my pants . we could see it in her face and when the trinket s two of mojo was finished it was clear she had a solid lbs . and on a woman her size that was very noticeable . kim even caught a glimpse of an empty pregnancy test box in s open gym bag . this little project had turned out to be a lot more fun than we had . we for about a week to activate another of the . it was just enough time for to catch her breath when she saw the scale stop moving up . then back at it again . and again . and again . after watching her yo yo back and forth for we told her we had another weight loss contest . we t of course but we put on our best show as we hit the scale day after day . she us eagerly and her motivation to lose the weight was than ever . we ran her ragged . she and lost the same lbs over and over again for . it was amazing torturing her like that and she was into insanity before our very . to accept that she t get control of her weight . she out workout after workout who told her she was perfectly healthy and cut her eating back to nothing more than a can of tuna twice a day and still the madness continued . with every trinket we we worked it so she would hold onto a few more after the constant up and down . at around lbs she to break . she stopped the fancy clothing . her hair went from fabulous to a pony tail to a greasy mess that like a toddler tried to give her a senior up do . and skin tight jeans gave way to baggy and vertical . was a shell of her former self . sadly all good must come to an end . we ran out of and due to the high cost of another batch kim and i decided the cost was too much to continue this round of torture . so after the last trinket lost its efficacy we decided to end operation peggy s revenge . but on a positive note kim and i lost all the weight we had plus a bit more . so the plan from that point on was to think of more ways to screw with s life while watching her fight to lose all that weight . however this was not to be . as the next few s weight gain t stop . in fact it dramatically . we were certain all the had not only at the two week mark but were also removed from the office entirely . we were perplexed and despite our previous desire to see the crazy bitch dead we actually to feel a bit guilty . without a doubt deserved what she was getting but to actually be responsible for what was happening to her t feel as good as i had once . as the days continued s weight gain to get even more out of control . she was expanding faster than her skin could stretch . day by day and seemingly hour by hour and minute by minute she less and less like herself . her brow to protrude . her grew outward and her neck was so thick it like a movie prosthetic . kim even swore she was seeing the on s brow away in real time . stopped mumbling to herself . the panic went away . to the scale less and less frequent and eventually stopped altogether . day after day she into the office barely able to see over her rapidly expanding and sat in silence . she continued to expand at a pace that physiology even in its most extreme . my lb life had become my lb month . in the skin to develop first on her then the webbing of the . soft to emanate from her cubicle as she would try to type and the skin of her split . eventually stopped coming to work . she continued to seek medical treatment but the were no help . test after test after test and still nothing was found that could be the source of her out of control gaining . the rapid increase in weight also tremendous swelling in her as fluid in the body was out by the ever increasing number of fat looking for a place to party . her body was strategically lanced and drained but it came right back . pushing from inside out the foul smelling liquid to weep from her . even pain had stopped working providing no reprieve from the body re composition . the rapidly expanding fat and subsequent swelling was brutal and endless . i sat in the office like a zombie with guilt and shame at what i had been a part of . was a piece of but i t judge jury and executioner . it t my job to punish her . i felt awful visiting her in the hospital during the day and crying myself to sleep at night . i even bought weight loss and them two and three at a time the blood that constantly seeped from her skin . it was a fruitless endeavor . nothing could stop the fat . nothing could quell the assault happening inside that once perfect body . perfect . what a joke . i haven t in a mirror in . i refuse to participate any longer in the twisted pursuit of perfection that too many of us these days . that . to the day after that ill fated swiss cheese to the nose s life ended in that hospital bed as her finally could take no more . one last ounce of fluid toward the surface and the straw broke the proverbial camel s back as her simultaneously split open like left too long in a microwave . an absurd amount of blood and pus onto the pristine white her sudden spasm one last groan of protest from the oversized hospital bed that had her tremendous weight for the last few as it buckled and . xb i don t know what she weighed by the time she but are saying the official number on the autopsy is lbs . allegedly it took pall to get her casket from the hearse to the and a logging winch to lower it down into her final resting place . kim and i did not attend the funeral . while the rest of the office was seeing into the afterlife we sat together in her cubicle in silence after the of the past few in detail . we were completely at a loss about what could have but in the end we just felt like . without warning a pretty young woman rolled backward in an office chair through the cubicle s open doorway like a child trying to entertain herself while stuck at work with a parent . as the made their last few she smoothly rotated around to face us . well that a lot faster than i ! both our eyebrow shot up and kim spoke . who are you and what faster than you ? i m and i said the worked faster than i . i really her to on a lot longer than that . i m actually disappointed . i stood bolt upright wild eyed and furious . it was you ? ? you were causing the weight gain after we shut it down ? ? she . well . oh my god wait were you the reason she on the to begin with ? you evil ! seeing her fatten up is what gave me the idea to get some timbo . i swapping out her can opener with when i saw how much tuna she was eating . she took that thing everywhere with her . the bitch was holding the instrument of her demise every single day ! our hit the floor as she continued . i you two talking about the hula girl incident a few ago and decided i t let that bitch get away with killing my best friend in the world . and holy those are as expensive as hell . you i . t . people must make a killing over here . slowly to my seat i was a perfect mixture of shock and relief . i t a murderer . i mean i supposed i t without some blame but at best i was an unknowing accomplice . i could live with that . kim back in her chair dramatically a satisfied exhale whoosh out like she was blowing out one of those trick birthday my cousin mark to sneak onto my cake every year . something up though . wait how did you get her blood ? if it t been for an accident we d probably have never even got the process . she at us like we were complete . shaking her head she turned and to walk away . reaching into her purse she produced a gallon size clear zipper bag and nonchalantly it backward over her shoulder . as around the corner the bag landed perfectly in my lap . i snatched it up for inspection holding it level with my . after a few trying to identify the small swimming around in what to be black slime i felt bile begin to rise in my throat . there in my just from my face was the answer . xb i was holding a bag of used . xb timbo for don ' t know what next but i ' m going to assume the worst . if i don ' t see the sun rise then this message will . xb a few ago i was struggling to fall asleep something was me about work that i ' d have to face in the morning . i to get out of the house and walk around in the cold to clear my head . after a few of walking in the wind i saw the park gate i in . the surrounding in the park are a great wind breaker . i ' t care it was closed . xb my ' t to the dark yet i was barely able to make out the path . once i found the path i decided i was just going to walk a few and go back to bed . xb the sky was so clear there were no no . it was pitch black but i could make out every star . the of the tree were me out so i looking up at the . xb after a few turns i saw the moon above the . i was a little paranoid at this point . since the were blocking out the wind i ' t hear anything i was beginning to see more since my vision was . i thought i saw or something behind me . when i back i saw the moon again . xb i thought i out and made a but when i back the moon was back where i first saw it . i had to re orientate myself and i turned my head very slowly . it was there i was seeing two . xb there ' s no way i thought . one of these ' t a moon . i really on one to reason with myself that it ' t a moon . straining my in the dark for a few i to see something on the moon . there was a big shadow in the like an eclipse . xb i checked the other moon it had it too . if i was looking at the same thing then i reasoned that the only way to prove they ' re unique was if i could see them both at the same time . xb i positioned myself perpendicular to both and straight up . i could see two it was really mind bending to look at . i was standing alone in a dark and silent park at around am and i was staring at two in my peripheral vision . xb after staring at it for another few i was beginning to make out the eclipse on each moon but they were getting much much as i continued to stare . the were very bright everything around me was beginning to show itself under a blue hue like a very intense full moon . xb then it hit me i ' t looking at . i was looking at a pair of . massive were straight above me staring straight down at me . i lost my and tried to run my body was numb with the cold but my heart was so hard . all i could hear was myself in pain as my heart . i my limp body over the park gate and back into my house . i ' t dare look up . xb my head was full of blood my vision was tunneled i had a knot in my chest but everything else was numb . all i to do at that point was lie down somewhere soft or else i was going to collapse on my tiled floor . xb i got to my bedroom and as i was about to close my blackout i saw it on the horizon . two small above the horizon two for staring right into my window . i was too numb to react but i was screaming inside . i hopped to the back door and through it with my dead weight . i was out on my trying to hide i guess . before i out i there were no in the sky . they were with countless of staring down at me . xb when i woke up they ' t i ' t see the . it felt like i was out for a while and i ' been up for my and writing this but it still ' t look anywhere close to a sunrise . xb if you notice a nd moon in the sky make sure you don ' t see them both at the same time . there s a stink in the air that s been stalking me . it s over me my watching . out the door through the damp streets all the way into this dusty bar . as my hand on the bar counter and my blurry wander around the room all i can think about all i m with is the stink . the black mold creeping across my mouth my . then i her . she s near the back of the room . dark hair . deep . talking to a man i don t . like she can t see me . can she ? the mold . . . i can feel it growing under my tongue . furry and musty the back of my mouth . i can t breathe . t . . . drinking ? i flinch instinctively pull my hand away from the counter yanking my cocktail glass onto the ground . it . all over the floor and my new boots . i m sorry . . . i make to kneel down but the bartender s voice me . it s alright he . i got this . at least you already for it . thanks . i straighten up and don t dare make eye contact with him as he his way across the counter to clean up . well . . . the woman in front of me is hesitant either to talk to me or to laugh . sorry ? for startling you . i just to know what you re drinking . oh . no . she s pretty i notice . short bleached hair . tall i think . she s sitting on the bar stool next to me so i can t really tell . i i m just . . . i stutter a jumpy person i guess . i figured . well i can tell you one thing if you t a pretty girl that guy would made you clean that up yourself . maybe . i mean thanks . she . i what you were drinking . . i get you a new one once the guy s back . that s nice . mechanically i extend my arm . i m . . hi . uneasy . sorry to get this out of the way first but . . . are you into at all ? you don t have to be into me specifically it s just limited number of in the day limited number of days in your life that kind of thing . and i just you a pretty girl so . . . ah . i m not there enough for my response to be fully in the moment as my keep yanking away towards a face at the other end of the room . i actually am yeah . come on focus . eye contact . into i clarify . i m not calling myself pretty . that s alright . . we all have our . one second . two . turns her head in the direction i keep looking in . anybody you know over there ? my first instinct is to lie . but i give it a beat and then decide what the hell . yeah actually i say . see the brunette in the jacket ? talking to the tall guy ? a ha . she s my ex . . she was my first actually . t end well ? . it ending was the best thing about that relationship i say . she made me do i t think i could do . made me believe i thought were impossible . i in the mirror saw a total stranger staring back . that s awful . am i or did she just move a tiny bit closer to me ? you know i say how there are some people that are just so bad for you that did you so wrong you can t help but hold them responsible for everything that went wrong in your life ever since ? you re my mum . yeah but that kind of sense i say . i mean form you and all . they re basically the only people you look up to for the first decade of your life . a life as a parent is easy . a life as a . . . now that work . can i get another for her ? is talking to the bartender who s back behind the counter . i m paying . i smile at . i think i like her . if you vent for a bit i m all you know ? a sip from her craft beer and at me with big and an impeccable eye shadow . my life pretty boring these days i could do with some good old fashioned drama . thanks i say . for the drink . don t worry about it . alright . i take a breath . about me sorry again i think that s only a thing because of her . i nod towards the back of the room . what s her name by the way ? kim . you know i was never easily before her . i was just never a person who was naturally afraid of the world of loud people suddenly touching me that kind of thing . and then she came along and for three she was all there was and afterwards i would get panic just from somebody getting up from the bus seat behind me . . i had three . . . real i guess . kim was the first one . and the second one . . . i can feel how i m losing myself again . focus . so . . . about two into the relationship i these . they would always start off different i was doing some mundane stuff like driving to work going grocery shopping . but then i would turn a corner and suddenly she would be there . kim . but it t really her . you know how sometimes in a dream somebody will look completely different from real life but you still know it s them ? that s what it was like . she was just there . wearing another human s skin . suffocating under it . slowly . screaming . . . . and then i would get closer you know . i would look into the of the thing . dead . like a fish in the freezer . and i would know kim is under there dying a thousand miserable . and i would make a fist and beat her until the skin peeled off . until her skull cracked . until her pierced through my hand . hell . i m sorry i t . it s alright even though her tell a different story . but that s . people can handle it . i had this dream a dozen times i continue . always the same . and then one morning i wake up and my hand is actually hurting . and it s actually covered in blood . and then i see s face next to me in bed . but she t look like . she s a bloody pulp . crying . and mash . this time t say anything . her are so wide i can almost see myself in them . i mean i m probably exaggerating it t that bad i lie . sorry . but she had to go to the hospital and everything and yeah that was that . is calmly shaking her head seemingly torn between disgust and compassion . don t worry i say . never again . never anything like that . i hope so she . like for the sake of anybody who s a bed with you since then . just one person i say . is that the third part of your story ? . huh . flash before my and then i remember the sound the taste . . her face . her laugh . her . the inside of her mouth . her tongue . and then . . . something different . no . . . i say . no i don t think so . but it t end well either that s fair to say . there you go . the bartender a before me . thanks . i raise my glass to . . she . don t drop this one please that s almost an hour of me working retail . wow that probably this the most valuable drink in this bar . and here s me wondering why i never have any money . i just keep giving it away to random wearing flannel . don t ever change . i smile and take a big gulp . . so . . . she an awkward face . that all bad . yeah . sorry . again . it s just that you know seeing her here . it kind of like everything that since kim is because of her . that she cursed me . does that make sense ? . black spot girl . huh ? black spot girl ! it s this kind of . . . urban legend . you never of it ? don t think so know . alright so now i m the one who to tell the scary story . she . it s kind of ridiculous though . i could go for something ridiculous now i say as my keep on kim . she s still talking to the guy and she still t seen me . i don t understand why i m so taken in by her . she broken me . everything that went wrong is her fault . so the story goes that there s this girl who . . . basically she everybody she with . and she s kind of a slut i mean i don t judge but she with a lot of people and basically whoever she entangled with up sad lonely and depressed . there s something about her that sticks to other people all she ever does is leave her mark on . black spot girl . pretty terrible stuff . like a that tell their if they re afraid they become . . maybe . it s ridiculous i m not even sure where i first it . but it s around you know . of people have of it . while i am still off the idea of me taking the story seriously in front of i don t really hear myself what she said rattles through my brain . and then i remember . the one relationship i thought could actually work . . . the one thing i ever from this life . and how one day her to taste foul . like mold crawling across my mouth . choking me . breaking me . so many days on my own . so many without human contact . i am dying . every day . help me . help me . hey . and it s the thing i ever seen in my life . where were you just now ? i shake my head trying to shake off the . away i say . then i clear my throat . listen . if i take a quick break and i gesture towards the bathroom and if i m back in a minute will you still be there ? and at me a tiny bit even . i would like that i say . just a second . i get up and i make my way towards the bathroom . as i take a glance towards the back of the bar i notice . . . kim t there . huh . a sprinkled door to the left to a corridor the bathroom are at the end . i walk around various of people i get through towards the door and i push it open . and then i see her . kim is just the door at the other end of the corridor . we notice each other at the same time . her widen in cadence with mine . no . no . kim her jacket around her like a shield . then she . got anything to say to me ? her voice than it used to . maybe it s the . one of the last i knew of her after we broke up was that she took up smoking again . there it is again . the mold in the air . on my tongue . i never have i say . kim s mouth open . she genuinely . then she herself . a step forward . three . you disgust me . i have nothing to say to the person who ruined my life . kim s movement is so quick i barely perceive it . she open a door to her right me by the arm and me inside . god she s strong . i d forgotten . we are standing in a small empty room with a couple of arm a couch a sink and a locker . probably a make shift backstage room for when a local band a rare gig at the bar . kim me against the concrete wall me against it with her right arm . i t ruin your life . she every word . you . ruined . mine . what are you were abusive . every day for a year . and then you told me it was my fault . that i made do you would never do . that i turned you into somebody you t want to be . you ! i manage to get free and slap kim s arm away . i am breathing heavily . this can t be happening . it t it t like that ? oh yeah ? kim a step back her full of head . and what was it with her ? i made contact with her after i saw you were . she told me everything . how you beat her all the way into the hospital ! and then oh my god . my friend . you don t tell me what i did to ! i don t want to remember . please . no . i can still taste it . the black mold . foulness all the way down my gullet . you re a monster . kim barely to say it out loud she and . and the only reason why you haven t yourself yet is because the only thing you re better at than making is you re the victim yourself . kim . she her forward in no direction . you leave a trail of . everybody you meet you infect . i hear the but they don t make any sense to me . like when you listen to a word for a million times and it lost all meaning . that s what this is . it s just noise . noise from a mouth that needs fixing . you kim . black spot girl . stop it i say calmly . no i won t . the saliva is running down the corner of her mouth and she it with her jacket sleeve . you know what i m do ? i m walk out of here walk right up to that date of yours and tell her exactly who she s about to shag . the absolute filth that she s about to crawl into bed with . the vermin . the kim never her sentence . my fist her face without resistance like a bowling ball into a television screen . once . twice . five times . suddenly kim is lying on the ground holding her up in a last shot for hope trying to protect her broken face . i can see through the trick . there s no life in her . it s all a sham . i pull her down . i kick in her skull with the heel of my boot . there s a deep and loud cracking like the of a giant . then kim moving . i take a step back . there s blood all over my arm and boot but apart from that i m pretty clean . my might be broken . but i been through worse . i wash off the filth in the small sink next to the couch grinding my teeth through the pain . i kick kim s useless body away from the door and listen through the keyhole before opening it a crack wide . nobody there . nobody . before i step out into the corridor i take a last look at the body . maybe it s a trick of the light but right now it like something is slowly growing on what s left of her face from deep inside her broken skull . black furry . mold . i lick my . the air clean again . t been like that in a while . i carefully close the door and make my way back into the bar . ! she s still there . she s gleaming all over her face . i can feel her smile reaching all the way across taking hold of my face as well . what a relief that kim t get to her . i really want her to like me . ago . ago it . he went missing . who you might ask ? my brother . sanders . let me tell you he t deserve it . not many people do . anyway it was a day like any other i was at home writing an essay it was close to the . we live in a small town . it s very cute especially during the holiday season . it s lit up all the tiny are lit up and up with cute some are cheesy but that s like that stuff . the town straight out of a cheesy ass hallmark movie . anyway back to my brother . that specific day th i still haven t forgotten it was too painful to forget . he said he was going out for a while with his to do some shopping . and he went out the door . that was the last time i saw him . like i said he did nothing to deserve it . he was only . i was . i just remember finishing my essay with a sense of relief . i went to get some hot chocolate and watch some with my . that s when we it . a knock on the door . it was pretty late after he left . we just figured he was just out for a while fun with his so we t think much of it . oh how wrong we were . we the door to see police standing in front of us . my at me in horror as if i a crime . i can t blame her i was known to be occasionally mischievous in my teen specifically my college but i had never a crime . my what they were doing at our house . their short response was it s your son she crying saying not my boy not my sweet innocent boy . she t believe he would ever commit a crime . he was practically the definition of innocence . he was perfect . they said no ma am he t commit a crime he s not being locked up . he s gone missing . my heart stopped at that very moment . i at my i could see the pure pain in her . i could tell how she was . she silently cried for a moment then she said but how he just went out for a while with his to go shopping i know he t lie to me . they with we re so sorry ma am we found a few of his on the street corner in front of the bakery . they said the rest went home a few before . well do our very best to find him we promise . to hell with that stupid promise . he never came back . he was never found . until well . that s coming later . i still think about him every day . especially knowing the fact he never got justice and what i m about to tell you at the end of this story . life can be so unfair . but anyway my and i went to bed that night still no knowledge of where the hell my brother was and who he was with . it was very unsettling . the whole situation was unsettling . you know you see all these missing people on and most of them either end up found dead or the mystery remains unsolved . and you never think it can happen to you . until it does . and it s the most terrifying thing ever . he had so much to live for . he was perfect . he t deserve this . there s this tiny white house in our town . god i hate that house . it s not in the main part of town with all the and it s off a hill in the distance . it alone . it the hell out of me . it just the i don t know how to explain it . but i hate it . i hate that house with a passion it never sat right with me ever since i was a . i lived in this town all my life it never right to me . i always knew it was suspicious . and i was right . anyway it was about or days after my brother went missing . around the st . no evidence . no information . no idea where he was or if he was even alive . my and i tried to stay calm and patient the police would honor their promise and find him soon . but we were starting to lose hope . it had been days and we still knew nothing . it was so unsettling . it was almost and and i were getting really anxious that this might be our first without him . hell we t even know if he was alive . so to clear my mind i went on a walk around the town i picked up some from the bakery for and i we could use them . i did a bit of last minute shopping and just took some time to think . i got to the end of the main part of town and i saw it . that damn tiny white house . then it came . day . our worst nightmare . at least that year it was . usually it was the best day ever not this year this year was different . it was the worst day ever . usually it felt like the season the leading up to flew by . this year it felt like it took forever to get there . and when it finally came i had never been more and disappointed in my life . i woke up by some miracle he would be in his bed . he t there . i the police i them so much for lying to us . for giving us false hope . they said they would try their very best to find him or find some information . it s been a week . we know absolutely nothing . if that s their effort they can put fourth that s pretty sad . and i tried to make the most of the day despite the fact my brother still t home and we knew nothing about his disappearance . after a while i decided to stop it was a normal we all knew it t . so i decided to stop to be cheerful and happy and i both knew we were dead inside and trying to hide it for this one day . the truth is we were . we were . we knew nothing . absolutely nothing . i mean . . . . damn how can a day go from i m going shopping and hanging out with my for a while to this . it just t make sense . it t fair . and his were with him like the whole time so how the hell did they know nothing did he disappear into thin air ? ? did they have something to do with it ? ? we don t know . anyway i left the house and stopped it was a fun happy . i along for long enough . i went to walk around the main part of town for a while just to think and clear my head . then i saw it once again . that tiny white house . i had a sudden urge to run down there and break in . oh by the way i forgot to mention this but the house was abandoned which was part of the reason it was so unsettling . or so i thought . i ran down there with no hesitation the cool air hurt my face and my got watery but i t care . i had to get to the bottom of this creepy white house . it had been there since i was a and as far as i know it was abandoned that entire time . i got down there and i had this insane amount of fear . i can t explain it . i just felt like i t be there . but i had to . so i down the door and went inside . what i found me and i don t think i could ever been prepared for what i was about to see . it was my brother . he was dead . i sat beside him and cried . i cried for so long . i something so as much as i t want to i went further . i saw a lady . i closer and it was . . and old lady . i thought she had before around the . i guess not it was always weird to me how nobody bought the house or anything it just stood there unbothered . it always felt abandoned before that though i don t know why i knew she lived there but it was almost like . . . . . she t ? ? i had so many . . . . . . i t know where to start so i by her why . her response was he was the son i never had . a day which all . bright colors all around . giving of a bright and comfortable feeling . though today was not a day to enjoy . there was a catastrophe going on and about . people were disappearing of slowly . i have recently into this small town . it was great since i in but i ' t admire the city for long for which they assigned me here to solve a mystery about the recent . i went inside a bag of on the table . i it and slid the paper to examine . five days worth of . i at this stack of in awe . people total . full of detail . i to investigate . each person after midnight at around am they all near their and all lived in the same neighborhood or nearby . i thought of going there that night to check for evidence . would be risky but worth the information . i to myself if i should or ' t . i stayed home out of fear . i thought of getting a little bit more evidence and soon after write what i have gotten and send it to other for when i do go and don ' t return . days later i the courage to go . more people . i ' t willing to have more leave the world . that night i got ready . paper to draw on and to write on so that i can get information . i fell asleep in my car . a beautiful sedan . i got it the beginning of the year . was a well working car and was great to use . enough about my car . i woke up at am to rustling . i came out the car and crouched to check what it was . luckily it was a small squirrel . nothing terrible . i went back but when i was going to open the car door . i froze . i ' t move . from the corner of my eye i saw it . it was . a tall skinny creature with a bloody mouth and smile . it was very pale . it was looking for something though . no no . it ' t have . it was smelling for something . i was able to move again for a short while before i froze out of sheer fear . . i at it . horrendous creature . it got down on all . it ' s looking for me . once i got control of my body it . i the door and my car . it finally turned of seeming like an eternity . i stepped on the peddle . the car to roar and it to move . the creature ran hearing the car . i was afraid of that thing . i drove of the opposite way from where i saw it . i will not go back to the city . i told everyone i could once i got back to my real home . no one me saying i ' m crazy and that i ' m just trying to spook them but i know what i saw . every night i get of that monster and worry that it will come back . i know it will . i ' m writing this before it comes for me . your stuff is over there on the left . vaguely toward the back of the storage room and i the stack of brown cardboard . on each my father s handwriting out in unhelpful black sharpie . you re going to have to be more specific . i a bit but my voice must have some frustration at a long day spent moving furniture . before i d even finished the sentence she stalked over to my corner of the storage room with the wordless sense of urgency that despite nearly a decade of living on my own i still associated with impending doom . still silent she cut through the tape on a box just to my left . then head shaking and raised returned to her own stack of and kept . i until she was safely across the room to start looking through my at the box on my as i its contents . what should i do with the stuff i want to keep ? just leave it in the box dan . that way you won t have to re pack everything when you take it back to new york i to explain that my postage stamp of an apartment barely had room for what few my bartender s budget provided let alone childhood . but as if the response cut me off . your father and i don t have the space to keep everything here . i pointedly around the cavernous storage room and another retort . childhood practically burst from the box in front of me and i past old composition sports grass streaked a up old and even a questionably hat . some brought . brought a cringe . all went straight into a black plastic trash bag at my . graded filled the next box . at first bright red as the wrinkled . but the box must have been organized chronologically because the soon and then before long and . these too went into the bag . it t until i d worked through six more and with them nearly a half hour of nostalgia that i across something i to keep . a photo album . it was small . just wide enough that a standard x picture the kind that used to be from a roll of film could fit one to each page . the outside was bound in cushiony green leather with little metal binding the . it was made to look fancy but surely cost no more than a few the sort of thing one might buy at a mall kiosk . i it open . a blonde haired with bright blue back at me . he was dressed in a green linen robe and holding what to be a plastic shepherd s cane . i and up to show my mother . but at some point while i d been lost in the she d gone inside . i back down to the photo and of the long forgotten school play came rushing back . smiling i turned the page . the next picture a little blonde me next to a nearly identical boy with his arm around my shoulder . the two in the photo had the same blue the same crooked smile and the same . only one feature was different . the young version of me had a bowl cut of white blonde hair so bright that i can remember if i bleached it . the other child had the same bowl cut . but his was an unremarkable almost colorless shade of sandy brown . my grin faded and i rubbed a hand over my chest just above my heart . then to find more like the first one i the page . thankfully the next picture the little blonde version of me chasing after a soccer ball . the one after that me roller skating hand in hand with a girl of the same age . and the album went on like that with page after page of idyllic from a happy childhood . i t remember living out each one of them . but most brought at least a feeling and my wide grin returned as i leafed through the . that is until i the end . the final picture in the album at first to be just like all the rest . in it i sat amongst other all making silly and looking generally happy . i had another across my and the same girl i d been holding with in the roller skating photo what was her name ? sat next to me . it like a scene from a field day of some kind or maybe a graduation . two of my s together in the background and a red headed next to my into the distance . i nearly closed the album with that wistful grin still fixed to my face . when i spotted it . behind the girl s head poking out just above her hair was a face . below it a child sized body wore the same green school shirt as the rest of us . but the face itself and almost inhuman . and his were black . see for yourself . i at the picture and brought the album close enough to brush my nose . and i into those vacant black . and i thought of the picture with my brother . i could almost hear whisper just smile . and i could almost feel his hand digging into my elbow . . . i closed the photo album with a pop . then rubbing the familiar spot on my chest i toward the trash bag full of . but something at the back of my mind . i can t verbalize the feeling exactly but i felt somehow like throwing the away would be . . . wrong . so i put the small album into my back pocket crossed the lawn between the storage room and my new house and went inside . i should have thrown it away . dan will be here two . my dad s booming voice down the still empty hallway of my new house . i d been gazing into the photo and the call snapped me out of my reverie . how long had i been staring ? the photo to my bed . i on a pair of then shouldered into a collared shirt examining my reflection in the room s full length mirror as i did so . the bed the near ceiling height mirror exactly half the furniture in my room . well not my room i thought but rather the room i d sleep in when i my . my reflection back at me . the white blonde hair had faded to a sandy drab brown much like my brother s . my skin taught over sharp and dark the calling card of night shift the world over ringed bloodshot . i like . i closer to the mirror as if staring for long enough might improve my appearance . something in my reflection and i backwards with a yelp . for a moment so fast i t sure it had actually i d seen my my reflection s flash a deep empty black . slowly i back to the glass . my were blue . the same blue from the childhood . i let out a breath i t i was holding and shook my trembling i to fumble with the buttons on my shirt . it took a few but i to fasten the few after a moment . then higher up i as i always did at the scar just above my heart . once a vivid pink the raised mark had over the turned a faint pallid white . i ran a finger over the scar . though it had faded the raised mark still felt unmistakably perversely like a face two and a curve underneath . i thought again of the photo laying on my bed . i thought of that inhuman face . and i thought of those deep dark . like the i d seen in my reflection just a moment ago . surely i mused the odd face had just been another and the image had been distorted by a trick of the light or some other issue with s film technology . and surely i had been seeing in the mirror . my dad s voice again interrupted my . s here dan . i buttoned my shirt over the scar then hurried to join my family . i m so sorry for the delay . the hostess your table will be ready in five . yeah well you said that ten ago . snapped at her only half turning to face the young woman . her face fell a bit but to her credit she a on service industry smile . . . . my dad halfheartedly . my brother t seem to notice . we re . . . we re so sorry again about the delay the hostess stuttering a bit . she t have been older than nineteen . we be right with you . she hurried off into the dimly lit restaurant and my brother s withering glare her into the dining room . i barely registered the interaction . i could think only of the photo . when had it been taken ? how old had i been ? which school was it ? these through my brain even as the hostess returned to lead us toward our table . i m sorry i snapped at you said as we sat down . the hostess gave a thin nervous smile then away . i was nice of you to apologize . my s arm as the four of us settled around at the heavy wood table . i t even muster an eye roll . the picture around my skull for the rest of the evening . i barely the meal or the festive that the restaurant s . and even as a bottle of red wine my i gave only halfhearted non to their of when i to finish college and what i was going to do with my life . throughout the meal the car ride home and even as i laid in the empty dark bedroom that night i could think only of the photo . and of those vacant black . i woke up to a brief moment of blessed peace . but before long the photo came rushing back to mind and i could once again think only of those . i rolled out of bed and found the picture on the ground where it had fallen from my as i fell asleep . i studied the image . the green school shirt had the and circled around a . that would have been second grade . had i switched to private school yet ? i the mascot on the shirt a cat of some kind . the public school then . still holding the photo i crossed the empty hallway into the kitchen . i had to find the scene where the picture had been taken . i don t know why . maybe for the same reason i t throw the album away . morning dan my mother vaguely over a newspaper . can i borrow the jeep ? sure are on the counter . she t look up from the paper . where are you headed ? i was already walking away though and she the question to my back . i t respond . i found the old at the end of the stone walkway that led from the street to my front door . its wood paneling immaculate somehow despite nearly forty in the family . i the old woody affectionately and turned the key in the door . the musty scent of the car s shag carpet upholstery brought to mind of high school and when i probably t have driven home . at the first turn of the ignition the car only a sputter . but after two its old engine reluctantly to life . i the name of my old school into . i spent so little time in my i practically everywhere . and my new address t help . as i drove through the neighborhood though the familiar if a bit by the city s breakneck development and i the toward the school . i past a welcome sign with the cat mascot through a campus by the winter break . the place had little over the . a row of brick schoolhouse sat vacant down and near a wood chip mulch playground . though i t in some time i still knew the layout well and it ' t take long to find the parking lot . i the aging wagon into a spot close to the sidewalk . and when i turned the key in the ignition the old beast went silent with a sputter that almost like relief . i the picture from my pocket . that face . those . it took me a moment to take in the other of the photo . it like we were sitting on a set of stone . or an amphitheater . i toward the playground looking up from the picture to scan the school grounds . the had been by a big empty field i . which must have been near the playground . the school grounds t that big . i crossed the mulch passing a swing set and spotted the off in the distance . there behind the squat brick school building a bit overgrown now sat the gray mottled stone . i thought i spotted a figure sitting on one of the in the distance . but i t be sure . i sped up . the small form came more sharply into view as i got closer . i t make out many but could tell now that the figure wore a green shirt . i out hey ! but the figure t move . closer now i stopped dead and my stomach . the scene was unmistakable . three gray stone wide and long framed by tall bare in the winter . and there on the first step where in the photo i d sat smiling with my was a . in a green shirt . with a sandy nondescript brown bowl cut . his head was down though and i t see his face . i stopped and . but just as i my mouth to speak to ask the who he was and what he was doing here at the empty school during break his head snapped up so fast that i barely registered the motion . the s face was twisted and beyond human . it almost like he d been burned but his skin t have the shiny raised keloid quality of scarring . he had all the of a human face but each was twisted and wrong in some way . his mouth was small and almost circular but still somehow into a warped close mouth grin . his nose was flat . and his were were not the color black . but black is the best i can do to describe the emptiness where his should have been . his were black and i was falling . his were black and was pushing me to the ground . his were black and my brother s were holding me down and their were black . his were black and i was small and i t fight back and my brother was grinning when he the white hot twisted metal wire hanger down onto my chest and his were black and his were laughing and i smelled cooking meat and i and smoke rose from my chest and up into my mouth and into my were black and it burned and it burned and it burned and his were black . i came to in the grass by the . climbing slowly to wobbling i rubbed the old scar over my heart and my pants off . the warped twisted was gone . in a daze i made my way carefully back to the old . the beast rattled to life . on auto pilot i backed out of the small parking lot and drove slowly into the surrounding neighborhood . at least ten before i that i had no idea where i was going . so i over my new address into and still shaking the brief route home . i in front of the house and made my way up the stone walkway . still moving automatically i turned the key in the lock . it was already open . i my . she said something . i t answer . i sat on my bed for i m not sure how long . i could think only of those black . at some point i a knock on the door and i t answer but it open anyway . you alright dan ? the question in a tone that he t much care what the answer was . just smile man . i up . my brother was grinning . and his were black . all of you i read a lot of conversation this year about the covid pandemic . well the word conversation is generous . mostly it s been a year long flame war between and . and on an election year ? what a . the death are alarming . the have . it ' s been rough . but i ' m worried that there ' s not enough attention being given to a new illness . this one gotten very little media coverage and i ' m worried that it ' s intentional . as bad as covid is this one is worse . so much worse . how do i know ? because of last . i live in a small college town . i have and we d all been doing classes during the semester . graduation was which i was really bummed about since this is my last year of school . all sports except football and basketball were which and were bummed about since they ran track . nick and were because their band s tour got . and ? well he s a computer science major and all day in his room and world of warcraft so not much for him this year . but the rest of us were all going stir crazy . so when nick got a text from a girl in a band he with about a clandestine house party we were in . it was against the governor s and when we we saw that mask were definitely not being enforced in any capacity . but we were desperate horny and there was free booze and lots of . i don t really remember a lot about that night other than the was really good i drank a lot and i woke up on the floor of an apartment on morning that t mine . luckily my car was out front and i made it home . life continued mostly as normal except we were all still on morning . like really . i was nauseous and had a migraine . everyone else had and body . most of us were lounging silently in the living room watching without really watching it . came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . you probably all got the corona he said . then he shook the milk jug at us and said we re out of milk before going back into his room . by we were all feeling a little better but it was that had it the worst . he was laying on the couch groaning . he was white as a sheet and running a fever and sweating . we all into and were told to quarantine and not go into work . that night came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . you probably all got the corona he said . then he shook the milk jug at us and said we re out of milk before going back into his room . shut up ! an after him before and hacking some more . told him that he t be hanging out in the living room and should go to his room to sleep to which don t make me move dude . i feel so terrible . i hurt all over and nothing right . that s weird said . he had just come out of his bedroom and was holding his alarm clock . i up and saw that he was staring at the clock on the wall . my alarm clock the clock on the wall and the clock in the bathroom all stopped at the same time . am . i into the kitchen . the microwave and the oven stopped at as well i said . nick go check the in the kitchen said . did you not hear me ? i back to him . i already checked . he t respond . nick just past me and checked the and back out into the living room . weird . all the in the kitchen stopped then too nick said . did we have a power outage ? i . did we have a power outage ? nick . . that t explain why my alarm clock stopped . it s battery . to nick but not me . i was that the t listening to me so i out and went to take a nap . later i woke up did some homework took a shower and went to bed early . on morning i woke up got a bowl of cereal and sat down at the table . t from the couch and he worse than the day before . brought him a bowl of cereal but he declined . i just feel like my should be on my he . told him that he should go to the hospital but said no . i just don t want to move . i just don t want to move . please don t make me move . he a blanket over his head and went back to sleep . came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . you probably all got the corona he said . then he shook the milk jug at us and said we re out of milk before going back into his room . is it just me or is more than normal ? . i would be too if i were him said . we keep drinking all the milk . that guy been eating dry cereal for days . i run to the store said on his jacket and a mask . are you sure that s a good idea ? we re all supposed to be in quarantine i said . let s just do door delivery . but me and out the door . alright . that s it . i stood up and over to . do you have a problem with me or something ? if you do just say it to my face . right past me and turned on the . hello ? i waved my in front of his face but he just me . i him . he suddenly panicked and fell backward onto his ass . what the hell ? ! he up and i raised my ready to fight him but he just around bewildered . did you see that ? from the couch . let me sleep . nothing right . something just me over ! said . nick was at his desk in his bedroom . he back in his chair and his head out of his room . you sure your clumsy ass t just trip ? no dude . i m being serious . it was like someone me ! said . came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . you probably all got the corona he said . then he shook the milk jug at us and said we re out of milk before going back into his room . . chill man . went to go get more milk nick said . hey have you seen ? . man . he might left with said nick before shutting the door to his bedroom . that s when i that nobody could see me . on night came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . you probably all got the corona he said . then he shook the milk jug at us and said we re out of milk before going back into his room . alright who drank all the milk ? said coming downstairs from his room . whoa dude you re back ? nick . yeah i got back ago said . weird . would you mind some more milk ? . . please stop talking . . you all have . talk in there . got his coat on and the front door . relax man . you have a room too . get off the couch and go sleep in there . i can t . i told you . nothing right . was sweating and shaking uncontrollably . he t look good at all . nick fell over . " whoa dude . you ? " . " yeah " nick said standing back up and brushing himself off . " i ' just been a little dizzy lately . been lightheaded since the party . no big . " " nothing right " cried . i out my phone and the hospital to tell them about but the lady on the other end t hear me . i tried several more times before giving up and sitting down in the corner to watch . i ' d spent all day trying to get their attention . ' t send . nobody the first few i ' d written . and everything had become a million times than it had been that morning . at this point up a pen was like writing with a bowling ball . and while i ' d been able to knock down that morning my physical were going unnoticed now . i swear i felt walk through me at one point . morning was when got really weird . the all stopped at am again . this time our phone were frozen too . and completely unresponsive . and were trying to figure out how to force reset the but it t working . they tried to by up on their but those were frozen at am as well . all the electronics in the house the the the everything . frozen and unresponsive . was crying on the couch and rocking back and forth . even though it was warm in the house every time he breathed little of smoke would rise from him like it was the middle of . we need to get some help said . as usual came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . you probably all got the corona he said . then he shook the milk jug at us and said we re out of milk before going back into his room . and him . i don t think i can leave the house said . why not ? you been doing grocery for us all week said . why can t you take to the hospital ? it s not that i don t want to said . i just don t think i physically can . i m not sure how to explain suddenly we screaming coming from nick s room . we ran to his bedroom and the door only to find nick laying on the wall . he was in the fetal position curled up and crying halfway up the wall . he was laying on it sideways exactly how he would be if he were laying on the floor . . . . he said . i can t get down . what do you mean you can t get down ? . how did you get up there ? i don t know nick said . i woke up felt really dizzy and then when i stepped out of bed i just fell sideways . i fell straight down across the room but sideways and landed all the way up here . i think i broke my arm . up to the wall . here dude . let me help you down . nick out his uninjured hand and him up ? nick stood upright but was standing perpendicular to the wall . like . what the hell is happening ? nick said cradling his arm . i m . came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . you probably all got the corona he said from the kitchen . we could hear him faintly as he shook the milk jug at us and said we re out of milk before going back into his room . nothing right cried from the couch . said . could you go get some milk before i kill ? came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . you probably all got the corona he said . then he shook the milk jug at us and said we re out of milk before going back into his room . like seriously you need to go get some milk or i m lose it . i can t said . well send . he went with you yesterday t he ? nick said from the wall . what ? no . i thought he was with you said . they around the room but t see me . ran past me and into the living room looking around . he checked the guest bathroom checked upstairs checked my room . then he came back in . where the hell is ? at this point i knew that trying to speak with them was futile . but i that nick had a out on his desk so i ran up to it . all my strength i writing i m here in big bold . . ? nick said before sitting back down on the wall . came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . you probably all got the corona he said . then he shook the milk jug at us and said we re out of milk before going back into his room . did that pen just write by itself ? . i invisible for days . nothing right nothing right nothing right ! from the couch . somebody calm him down ! said angrily towards in the living room . we need to go get help . none of the are working . we need to send someone . but i can t go said . why the hell not ? ! nick said . one of you to . i sure can t ! i m stuck to the wall ! i don t think i can leave the house . i don t think i ever left . that s why there s no milk said . came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . you probably all got the corona he said . then he shook the milk jug at us and said we re out of milk before going back into his room . see ? every time i the door and left i up in my bed . the first time i thought i ' d just dreamt that i ' d gone to the store . but i tried to leave a few times last night and the same thing again and again and us all over to the front door . watch . ? i m still in here nick from the wall . hold on a sec ! back . up the front door out and shut the door behind him . see ? said walking out of his bedroom behind us . nothing right the inside is outside inside outside inside outside . came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . you probably all got the corona he said . then he shook the milk jug at us and said we re out of milk before heading back into his room . would you shut the up ! ? . he tackled and beating him mercilessly punching him repeatedly in the face shattering his glasses . in surprise and agony . then came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . then came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . then came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . then came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . then came out of his lair to grab a bowl of cereal and to scold us for going to the party . after after streaming out of his bedroom . you probably all got the corona you probably all got the corona you probably all got the corona you probably all got the corona you probably all got the corona " more and more and more all scolding us for going to the party . a growing cacophony of on the spectrum all about the lack of milk . was covered in blood and viscera . he . what did you do ? ! . the inside is outside the inside is outside was standing on the couch now holding his head and sweating and sobbing . suddenly nick let out a scream and we the glass in his bedroom window shatter . holy ! we desperately through a steady stream of all coming out of his room for a bowl of cereal . when we got to nick s room we saw that he had fallen through his bedroom window and his bleeding were desperately clinging to the broken glass . he was floating suspended in parallel to the floor . somebody help me ! i m fall ! his broken hand slipped and leaving one blood hand clinging to the window frame . we ran towards his window but we were too late . he got sideways out the window and flew fell ? at an alarming speed for about until he against the brick house next door . the sea of was now into nick s bedroom all confused and frantic desperately trying to grab a bowl of cereal while scolding us for going to the party . unable to reach the kitchen they grew . punching kicking pushing scratching biting . they were killing each other . we could hear struggling against them in the next room in a blind rage . out the window and immediately before i his voice in his bedroom . ! i out the window and ran around to the front of the house . i the door and out of our house like a football game . stepping over dead i my way in only to see more streaming out of his bedroom . you probably all got the corona you probably all got the corona you probably all got the corona you probably all got the corona you probably all got the corona " covered in blood was standing in the kitchen holding two butcher . inside should be outside inside should be outside inside . was still standing on the couch scream chanting . his were distant and foreign and wild . suddenly he locked with me the first time anyone had in days . i wish he t . he wrenched open his mouth with his and dislocated his jaw . he his all the way down his throat and then into his . in a sickening pop he himself inside out and his tumbled to the floor squelching . i over at in the kitchen surrounded by angry . screw this . i ' m done he said . in one quick movement he both butcher deep into his and to the floor . a was screaming for help from his bedroom . forced out of the house i backed into the street to see up against the glass of his bedroom window crying . against him so hard that the glass exploded and he was from the house only to disappear . as more tumbled from the second floor of the house tumbled out again only to disappear and then reappear time and time again in a sea of each time more compressed and bloody and than the last until he was only a sea of red and brown and of white an endless loop of agony and compression . i turned away from the house briefly to vomit and when i back there was only silence and emptiness . where the house once stood there was now only a single open door in a wall less door frame right where the front door had been . the rest of the house had been erased from existence . . into the void . entirely by some force i still do not entirely comprehend . the police and off the area . unmarked up shortly thereafter carrying from a government agency i ' m unfamiliar with . invisible i learned that we had been the of this new disease some kind of agent that with our relationship with time and space . all of it is completely beyond the understanding of our modern scientific community . they ' re still the r of this new virus but if it ' s even remotely as contagious as covid we ' re in trouble . there s no cure . all we could do is flatten the curve . i gradually over the next few days . i have my strength back and can interact with my environment again . most people can see me now . though sometimes i wonder . i guess the moral of the story is to stay home and far away from people . odds are you the person reading this t need to read this . i am not writing this for you but i m sure that won t stop you from reading it anyway . this is for you . yes you . i finally decided to try reasoning with you since the don t seem really interested in you . i m going to tell you how from my end and maybe you can see that i was never trying to offend you in any way whatsoever . hopefully through reading this you can understand my situation a little better . a couple ago i posted a very personal story on here about my friend who himself in front of me . all of this was seemingly because of my synesthesia a condition where i feel other people s and understand them more than the normal person . if i would only known that my therapist telling me it might be good for you to write down what . you know just get it out . would have led to this situation . after i posted the story i received so many kind telling me it better and easier as time goes on . it really me try to move past this terrible event . that s when i got the first message from you . you were kind to start off with saying how sorry you were that i had to go through that but there was always something off with you . you were always more concerned with my synesthesia than with my trauma or me as a person . you kept question after question about it what does it feel like when someone is happy ? what about when someone someone in front of you ? these were i had so many times i t even think about it that s when you about what you were really interested in . do you still feel the burning sensation you felt when he himself ? if so could you explain the feeling to me ? i told you i did but it was fainter now barely even noticeable unless i on it . but you were persistent what i thought the feeling was and if i actually thought it was hell or was i just into it for the story ? that was the last straw for me ! you me of making this story up me to no end . i was just trying to get this off my chest by posting it not gain fame or even try to scare anyone . so i stopped to you . that s when you went from making me angry to making me fear for my safety . do you think you could tell if someone went to heaven if they in front of you like kyle did ? that message concerned me deeply . it was at that same point that you finally just told me what you . my throat cancer and is going to die now . i love him and need to know where he up . i told you how sorry i was to hear about your grandfather but there was no way i could do that because i t be away from my school work that long . not to mention there was no telling how far away you were that i t afford to pay to travel there . also there was no way i was myself in a room with a terminally ill cancer patient i t have a clue what i would feel if i met someone like that . you t take no for an answer though would you ? you kept sending me begging for me to change my mind . i can t live not knowing where he went ! if you don t come you might as well send him and me to hell yourself you coldhearted bitch ! when he i won ' t have anything left . maybe i will come looking for you and see where you end up when i slit your throat ! i be honest you got my attention with that one . this is the same one that made me contact the police . of course the police told me that your account had nothing on it that made you easier to identify . so i thought i could reach you this way since you won t answer my begging you to leave me be . i know you are reading this and so you know i m done with this account after i post here hell i may be done with this whole site . just to be clear i never to upset you . i simply to share my experience so maybe i could sleep at night without seeing a bloody kyle burning in hell every night . but i guess i should know by now that it t be that simple . i hope you find the help you need and i hope your granddad easy but please leave me alone ! " for he wronged me without any kind of thought of how it me " i said to myself whilst sitting at my husband ' s desk writing the story of my life . it was with terrifying thunder outside as usual during a dark evening in after all . as i continued writing the sad story of my life i the doorknob turn and squeak deafeningly as my husband came in . hurriedly i to put away the writing without even the damned piece of paper on the smooth wooden floor . quickly and awkwardly i out of the writing space reserved for my husband just as he had taken off his coat and scarf . " what did you happen to do in my writing room ? " he me with a bit of irritation in the voice that i had hear over a million times . " i was just looking around the house " i not to raise any . he at me with a skeptical look as he to saunter towards the kitchen . " have you fixed any supper for me ? " he as he made his way into the dining room . " no i haven ' t but i will " i back . as i fixing supper for my dear husband i over if he some lamb for supper . when hearing no answer i went to search for my husband . i saw his shadow in the writing space and next to the door . as i saw him i the piece of paper he was holding and reading carefully . i him about the paper and he turned around looking at me with an angry and a devastating look while crunching the the paper into a ball and throwing it into the ground . " the audacity you have to write something so awful and untruthful about me ! " he . " i ' t mean it " i back with a tone but as i would soon notice it ' t stop him from beating me . after the beating he into the dining room and at me to finally fix him his dinner . beaten and with a black eye i " yes dear " . as i barely made it into the kitchen i a can of rat poison that had fallen out of one of the . i thought to myself that the rat poison would be an act of a cruel and perfect revenge . i the top of the can off and the lamb in it . after the bath of the lamb i put it in the oven and put some fresh potatoes onto the side of a plate . after the lamb was done i put a piece of it on the plate brought it to the table and gave my husband a fork and a knife and a napkin to wipe his mouth with . little did my husband know he ' t have the chance to use it . he had eating in a hurry . " little piggy shall now eat and enjoy his meal for it will be the last one he ' ever taste " i thought to myself . soon enough it like his eating speed to slow down and surely enough he onto the ground . " dead " i said . " dead " i said again myself . i took a butcher ' s knife from the drawer and my dead husband ' s corpse more than anyone could imagine . after the brutal scene i made my way to the vestibule and put on my coat and my scarf and went on my way to the police station to report a brutal murder . i to the station and fake crying while making my way inside . the chief me what was wrong and i through my that my husband had been . they what apartment and i which one and they left to investigate . i out of the station and crossed the street . i all the way to the train station and got on a train . i outside smiling and humming eerily . he was finally gone . like everyone else these days i m stuck at home . well that would be an exaggeration . it s me my wife and all working eating sleeping and in a square foot apartment . thank god for folding . being home all the time i notice the small more . the whoosh of the air the humming of the refrigerator the snoring and something else . it always my hair stand on end when i hear it . i work from my bed . not the for sleep hygiene but with limited space and both of us needing to make phone all the time that s all the farther we can get from each other . my wife is at the other end of the apartment and i am here . the head of the bed is against the side wall between myself and my . they been fighting more . yelling . it was annoying so i myself some relief when went quiet . but the quiet is almost worse than the . i haven t a word through their for almost two . dead quiet . it strange to fear an absence of fighting but something is strange . so when i first the tapping while working late one night i thought my headboard was loose and striking the wall behind me . but i the and it s still happening . it always me shiver . always one of two . tap tap pause tap tap tap tap pause tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap pause tap tap tap tap pause tap tap tap tap tap it purposeful like a message but i knew it t morse code . my grandfather was in the navy and later for the air force reconnaissance during the cold war . he had taught me about that particular method of communicating though i t fluent in it . morse and . nothing one can tap out . i t know of other . the i came to one was doing letter substitution in the paper . anyway i don t talk to or the like . you t supposed to respond to intelligent . they might be to be something else . the late night tapping never to stop though . finally frustration my resolve not to communicate . so i hit my palm once against the wall . i never an answer ! another round of taps came from the other side faster almost frantic . tap pause tap tap pause tap tap tap tap tap tap pause tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap tap pause tap tap tap tap pause tap tap tap tap tap then later a thud against the wall like someone had thrown or something heavy there . i don t understand any of this . the on that side are a normal couple and when i ran into the man in the hall yesterday i him whether he anything in the . he it and told me this was construction there had better not be or ! i never these before being basically locked down and there have never been any that the building itself is . i mean it s a s build ! there are of just like it everywhere ! my brother on the east coast now and seen some creepy . but colonial much more history . what do you think this could be ? an intelligent entity ? a ghost demon ? or just someone going crazy stuck inside ? does anyone know anything about ? it me up at night the tapping in the small . i can t sleep and i get a feeling of fear and dread whenever i touch that wall . " ' he ' s just following me i don ' t know why . '' . i said to the operator in a voice . i was just walking my usual route home . did i do something wrong ? '' sir now you need to take a left and speed up if you can . a police car is coming your way . keep calm and stay alert . '' . i kept myself that if i can hold out only a couple more it will all be fine . i could feel his gaze piercing me through my soul . only seeing his head peaking out when i clocked out of work . '' only a homeless man '' i said well now that homeless man is following me . what does he want ? . money ? i to drop my wallet and take off but what if he want ' s more . not rich far from it . i need to save money like crazy to make meet . i the turn and then i back . it was dark the street being lit with some cheap and yet i knew he was there . somehow someway i knew . trying to start walking again i could feel my stomach drop when he stood in the light . i could hear my phone the ground and the of the operator . pale his face was pale . big and black wearing a long black coat . the worst thing were his . like a sucking everything that near it . then i broke the and running down the road . seeing the police car filled me with enough adrenaline to speed up more . i in the middle of the road my arms like a lunatic . thankfully they stopped and i tried to explain myself . the put me into their car and we went down the road to the corner but he ' t there . strangely my phone ' t there either . my statement was imaginative at best . '' just some crazy ' " i thought to myself that night . a couple of later still about that night . i got a phone call from my phone company about some " ' weird ' " . i said i did got my phone stolen so probably someone is still it . curiosity go the best of me and i ask what " ' weird ' " phone were made . i was some or crack head phone . they me but they told me that i to go to their office in the city . i went and they put me into a room and gave me a small and a player with . so i put them on and play . '' what does that i don ' t . i don ' t like them no no no no no no no what shut up . wait you hear that . maybe maybe '' i turned it off and went home . i still see his looking at me and now the man a voice in my . he ' s chasing me every time getting closer . to see what ' s happen if i stop running . a little . i across the country . the feeling of him looking at me goes away . i can ' t leave my house . he will get me i know it . what if he ' s here under my bed or in my closet . no no no no it can ' t be . he ' t here . i can ' t do this . what should i do ? should i go run away into the ? maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe . close to have since i had last been to this place . the still night air felt heavy as my and i down the short gravel road which cut through the thick forest . the along the sides had grown into a single canopy that completely it . there were five of us going out to party . shortly after entering the road our playful teasing and banter had settled to near silence . light from the full moon shone through the above gently down to dance on the ground . every one of us was now on edge ready to jump at every unknown sound beyond the . was the first to attempt to break the tension with a moan that only to heighten it . none of us could quite put a finger on what was wrong but we all felt uncomfortable . like we were being watched . we the edge of a clearing where there was a small playground and soccer field which had overgrown from of neglect the were beginning to rot and fall apart . the tension fell away as we the clearing and got out our . soon we had all but forgotten the uneasy from the walk out here . we to joke around and had a pretty good time . that is until we decided to leave none of us willing to be the first to cross the tree line . we at each other all with the same trepidation . then after an unspoken agreement we all stepped forward in unison . each step was harder than the last and there was no other way out . this road was the only traversable path and as far as i recall the only way to get back to society . the silence was thick as we every fiber of our being fighting to go back to the clearing . yet we onward . the snapping of a twig in the sent us all running forward in hope of reaching the highway only away . we down to catch our breath our hearts pounding . adrenaline was all that kept us pushing forward . we were still in an uneasy silence that was only broken by a faint rhythmic tapping . nobody it right away but it was there . it had been there from the first step we took to leave the clearing . it was slowly growing and to be coming from all around us . " snap " another sound through the forest . none of us had caught our breath but we all immediately again . and fell scraping her left knee and both . she ' t take the time to worry about it she just right back up and after the rest of us . the tapping now almost deafening suddenly stopped as we stepped onto the pavement of the highway . looking back jeff let out a relieved howl . we all about how there was nothing in the forest . it was the second time we had come to this place ! the first was prior . this time we were here to prove to ourselves that there was nothing to fear in the forest . this time we were here to prove to ourselves that we were not afraid . we than the last time the sun was still in the sky . i guess we thought that the light would make it easier . but to be honest none of us to return in the dark again just in case ! in the waning light of the evening we made it to the clearing without incident . so we decided to out for a bit and have some fun . around midnight mark stepped into the tree line and tossing and sticks to try to spook us ! we all and i for him to knock it off in a half teasing half nervous tone . just then the forest went silent not even the chorus of could be . a few later mark ' s voice through the as he then his voice cut off suddenly . the rest of us half mark to come out of the laughing half uneasy as we our first visit to this forest . we to shout for mark to come back and stop messing around ! to cry and we all decided to start looking for him . as we the tree line we could hear and see nothing beyond save a faint rhythmic tapping that sent down my spine . we had all gone ghost white . as the tapping to get the rest of us for the road but there was an unnaturally tall shadowy figure standing under the canopy at the entrance to the clearing . it like it was holding something or someone over its shoulder . we had no choice so we ran toward it as a group our only by fear and adrenaline . as we we could see mark hanging limply over its shoulder . but the thing holding him was featureless and black . before we could reach them they into the . our fear got the better of us and we just kept running . i to stop and look for mark but i ' t stop myself . i had to escape . the four of us kept running not looking back . we ' t stop until we hit the highway where and i finally back . it may have been my imagination but i think i saw something in the just beyond the tree line . i still don ' t know what out there but it ' s been and mark is still missing ! today i came back for the first time since mark ' s disappearance . it been eating at me all this time but i was too afraid to return . " what in the forest ? " " was it all just my imagination getting the better of me ? " " could mark still be out there ? " . we told the police about our experience . they none of it . we were the last to see him and so we were the only in the case . why did i come back ? i to know if it was real . i to know if i could have saved him . i closure . but with no evidence there was never any closure . i in the late morning . that the light would help me find . . . something anything . the road was exactly the same as i it . the clearing too . the had away a bit more but beyond that the place was untouched by time . i brought a baseball bat and i also had a into my left boot just in case i to defend myself . the entire time i felt uneasy unable to shake the feeling that i ' t be there . the air hung still and i could only feel the in the back of my neck as a feeling of dread set in . i had only sat down to have a snack but when i around the forest was dark . night had fallen . but when could this have ? at that point my were on high alert and i to notice the all too familiar tapping sound faintly keeping a terrifying rhythm . the sound the natural of the forest till it was all i could hear apart from my own heartbeat and quivering breath . of mark over a figure flooded my mind causing me to look toward the road and my only chance of escape . to my relief the way was clear . no unnatural blocking my path . yet the tapping and all around me . the moonlight keeping the clearing relatively bright making the darkness of the that surrounded me feel heavy me that anything could be just beyond view . panic to set in as i my bat . i my courage and headed to the edge of the clearing . i ' m not going to get any if i don ' t get a grip . i told myself before forcing myself to step out into the shadowy darkness of the forest . each step brought me closer . closer to finding the truth closer to the sound that had my closer to fear . it took everything i had to not give in to the fear to press on . driven only by and adrenaline i into the darkness . the tapping had grown into a deafening pounding . every shadow as though they me . through the pounding i thought i could hear an eerily familiar voice calling my name . faintly at first i could swear i mark but as i trying to triangulate the source the voice slowly sounding less and less human as it grew and raspy . it like whatever it was was being . my next step sent me sliding down a wet slimy rock my head landing hard against it . its surface was covered in black sludge . where i had fallen i was completely trapped in a rocky crevasse blocked at one end by stone and the other by a large moss covered tree . i felt something hoist me up but i ' t tell what it was but i knew one thing . it was not my imagination those many ago ! i don ' t get much mail . people don ' t like to talk to me unless it ' s about college or covering their at the little ' s on main street . it ' s the same with and i get the occasional message from my or picture from my younger brother . sometimes when people try to call me i decline on instinct . go unanswered for days at first it ' s because of the anxiety of trying to talk to another person then because i genuinely forget that the unread are there . the only i ever get are from my the only are i bought myself . still i check the mail because you never know when something interesting like jury duty or junk might show up . that was the case this morning when i got up between my morning and afternoon put on my mask and went down to my apartment building ' s collection of metal . there were no for or from my university . all that was in my slit of a mailbox was a rough brown envelope and a feeling of disappointment . i took it out and locked my little metal box that was in the middle of the top row of the cluster . when i it once i was back in the safety of my apartment with my next virtual lecture up and waiting i ' t help but laugh . it ' t because someone sent me a joke or a thinly veiled threat i thought was particularly clever . it was because i ' t believe that i was seeing this . the brown envelope a small piece of cardstock with a picture of a young woman kneeling on a floor with her arms folded and head bowed in prayer . in bold red font the card god knee mail . . wonderful . the church i used to go to the mormon one that was two from the dollar store between a and a hookah shop was trying to contact me again . that was fantastic . i threw the card at my armrest and the back of my head trying to still my heart . i stopped going to church back in march . at first it was because of the pandemic but the reason quickly switched to me not wanting to go . i ' t agree with most of the and sometimes i ' t sure if i in god . i ' t going to church and i had two perfectly good for it . there were other . nobody there me or any for that matter . i was young female and not straight so i was dirt . then there was my supposed infertility and refusal to even look at a man . . . in the of the church i was nothing . i was rotting fish i was a blank . i know that ' s not everyone ' s experience . for me though . . . it was that bad . it was worse for at least i had the privilege of being the laurel president when i was sixteen and the maid secretary when i was younger . at least i had the privilege of camouflage . i took a deep breath out for the card and it in half then in half again . i stuffed it into the garbage can under empty of fruit on the bottom and an infinite amount of . i don ' t like . the anxious lump in my throat instantly . this was fine . this was just a harmless prank that somebody who knew me decided to do . it was the week of after all and we were several into our quarantine . i was sure the in the building were getting restless . still ' t get the thought of church out of my head for the rest of the day . it was there when i went to the dollar store to get some and fake they only had orange which meant i was definitely going to lose the contest . i was supposed to decorate my front door for the building ' s contest but my body itself to the church a few streets away instead of back to my home . this without my conscious approval . it was nighttime when i got there . the sun had set long before and sweat was gathering on my chelidon despite the cool wind rattling the pumpkin colored leaves above my head . my phone in my pocket . i set one of my grocery on the sidewalk fished it out and checked the notification . it was an with the same image the envelope . god knee mail . it was the same girl the same carpet the same everything . . . and the same dread settled in the pit of my stomach where it at my like acid . there was a second part of the message different from before " come to the chapel and repent . " . . this was a bad idea but i was going to go through with it . i ' t believe in the supernatural after all . it was probably just the preacher ' s daughter messing with me . she to do that . with another lump forming just above my epiglottis i rubbed my nose and out a reply . is that you ? the reply came quickly with the same image attached . yes . i rolled my . was despite being incredibly religious and the bishop ' s daughter probably the only person i could bring myself to care about when i thought about going back . she was the only good thing . sitting in the back of our youth group leader ' s car giggling about nothing at all . . . it made all of this bearable . she to joke with me about repentance . sure she really in it but she only ever brought it up in genuine spiritual discussion or as a joke based on the supposed blasphemy of or nicking a hard candy from the center console of her dad ' s . i with one hand fine . i ' m coming in . see you soon . my phone almost immediately . see you soon . it was almost like my body was acting outside of the control of my mind . this sometimes like those times when i was walking back to my apartment from the campus or the store and decided to check my mail rather than go straight up to my room . there was no thought in it no control . at least i was smiling right ? it could have been worse . i knew that there was at least one window in a church classroom that i could open from the outside . most of them were locked or screwed shut but the classroom reserved for the had a window i knew i could open . i had done it of times for late night of and tag in the church . it ' t odd to me that to meet up inside the church . after all that was where we spent most of our time together reading stupid and listening to rock in the basement kitchen or young ' s classroom . i left my in a shrub by the window there was nothing that refrigeration thank it open and myself over the and into the relief society room . it was odd being back in the church after so long . i ' t immediately explode the church ' t catch fire in the presence of such a heinous sinner . i was afraid for some reason that my would burn on the or that my would steam when they say the hymnal on the piano in the corner . there was no angel that was going to come out of the cross stitch on the wall no beam of light coming down from the ceiling like i was the next smith no three in the darkness here to edify me . this was fine . this was all fine . it was just a building albeit one that some weird . i was sure i was alone but i had my mask in my left hand i was going to have to put it on when i saw anyway and my small teal canister of pepper spray on my belt loop just in case . my right my phone which i was as a flashlight . i made my way to the chapel . the were dark but i to navigate them . i knew this place like the back of my hand even now . i ran my tired aching on the sisal that lined the bottom half of the wall . i that it felt like home . the chapel was just as dark . there were no the most ornate in here were the chandelier and the pipe organ . even that was electric . the were just for show . i the onto the platform where the organ was and sat at the bench . i used to want to learn to play this thing . i used to play the piano the organ was a completely different game . i never got the of it . with a wistful smile i my phone on the music stand switched on the organ and put my on the . i out an old hymn . in the dark empty chapel it was . it filled my and the space between my . i knew the by heart . this was my mother ' s favorite hymn to make me sing . " come thou fount of every blessing tune my heart to sing thy grace " and all that fun stuff . it was almost enough to make me want to pray . my phone again . i mid verse to check it only to find that there was another with the same image waiting for me . god knee mail . come to the classroom in the basement . i miss you . i rolled my . this was a horrible idea but i was willing to obey . i too . it was going to be nice talking to an actual person after all this time . the basement had exactly one classroom plus a storage closet a baptismal font and an elevator . i knew it like the palm of my hand . up until the beginning of the pandemic i spent every other week down here . now i was a prodigal daughter descending the until i was standing there in the dark waiting for someone to call my name . this was it . this was my last chance to heed the warning in my gut and my shaking . this was my last chance to turn back and never return . i the elastic of my mask on my and the little metal strip over my nose then fixed my glasses so that they ' t fog up . it ' t work . silver white vapor crept in at the of my vision . i knew this place well from i went to every other week for two entire . the came back to me quickly via intense of feeling and discomfort . i had paced the hallway leading up to this doorway maybe a thousand times i sat on those metal by the door with my arms folded my coat over the back and my king open on my lap too many times to count . i stood there with my bran buzzing angrily and gently in the nearly empty cavern of my skull feeling as though i was being watched by something or someone while i was under the automatic of the basement hallway . i bit the bullet and stepped into the classroom . " is there anyone there ? are you here ? " something someone behind the huge in the corner . her and to shift in bland blue jeans poked her head around the grinning . " hey . " there she was just as i her . purple hair clips her grown out back from her face her long hair was braided and slung behind her which were covered by a red long sleeved t shirt . i ' t help but smile behind my cloth mask . " hey . " " give me a sec i ' set up my chair over here . " " i ' sit by the door then . " i ' t know what to say about the mask situation . i ' t about to tell her to put one on . i ' t the biggest fan of confrontation and anyway i was wearing one . i was upset sure but not enough that it boiled my blood . i set up my metal chair by the door and light with practiced ease . with the same level of proficiency i turned it around and sat down on it . sat across the room from me with one leg crossed over the other still grinning . there was something unfathomable about the darkness behind her teeth . i figured it was just the in her part of the room cast over her face like an ' s . " do you want me to turn on the light ? " i already reaching behind me . " no " she said almost too quickly . " no it ' s fine . " we for a while . i can ' t remember exactly what about . mostly we just caught up and and gossip about people in our community . she ' t know that i still lived in town but she said that she understood why i ' t going to church . other than that . . . it was just like before with so much laughter that my head felt light the only thing grounding me was the cold beige metal of the chair under me . what stuck out to me was the way that she spoke . the came out of her mouth wrong almost like she ' t forming them correctly or moving her mouth enough . there was something off . the straw that broke my humped water filled back came when she eventually said something about her younger sister . she her . ' t have a younger sister . instantly something . this ' t . this ' t her at all . this was some sort of or maybe a prank with a twin i ' t know about . i was willing to take this realization a step further too . for the first time in my life i understood and agreed with something said . this was the the uncanny . this ' t a person and the reason i was so out by it was its similarity to a living person without the that make someone truly living and human . and that was when i smelled it . it was hard for me to notice through the mask and the snot gathering in my nose . it was there though an underlying scent of copper that and hung in the air like cheap perfume . that was just another confirmation . ' t wear perfume . the only thing i could ever smell on her was that of clinical strength powder deodorant . i tried not to display the beating of my heart it like a bass drum in my ear . i for a lull in the conversation then said " this been fun but i have some outside and i need to get them home . plus you know pandemic and everything . . . i ' got to get back . " as quickly as i sat down i rose from my metal chair and went to leave . " don ' t go . " not ' s voice was now almost like it was with a sore throat or by testosterone . " we still have so much to talk about . " " i have a class at nine tomorrow . it ' s but i still have to be awake for it you know ? " i tried to keep the fear out of my voice . it ' t work my came out as an anxious warble it was like i was a cartoon bird . " you need to send some knee mail " it continued . " god knee mail . " i myself on the wall as i froze horror stricken nearly ready to pass out as i watched not rise from the chair . that was all i could think to call it . i ' t have the proper to name this thing . as it stood it it it was very clearly no longer human . the clothes melted into its body as did the neat and colored hair clips . ' s face by something torn apart and bloody . this thing was . . . the only i can think of are the uncanny and abstruse . i guess that this thing well enough . as it i for the pepper spray on my belt loop . my sweaty and the cheap thin metal links broke the pepper spray fell to the ground and rolled under my chair where i ' t reach it . my left hand hit the wall even harder as i to lose my grip on the white paint i accidentally the light switch . and then i saw it in all its horrific glory . it was tall . its skin was bloody slimy and tight across its angular like the plastic head of a cheap drum . those were nearly exposed under the thin flesh on its chest there was a collection of where its sternum should have been all black and writhing as though they were searching for something as though they were searching for me . the grotesqueness ' t stop there . it had a halo shaped like a crown of attached to the back of its head . the halo was made from the same black fleshy material as the and wrapped in of bloody wool . thick ichor onto the rough flesh of its forehead and . it had like those i was told during the crucifixion huge gaping in each of its and . there was even what to be the mark of a spear deep in its side . the scent was more intense too . added to the iron copper smell of blood was that of wet wool piss and rotting . taken aback i tried to run and ended up falling into a pile of metal that was leaning against the wall next to me . when the thing rushed at me screaming repent in a voice i could only hear in my mind i got over the shock and through the door . i ran for the and the thing was still coming after me . my burned as i took the two at a time clinging to the railing for dear life . i made it up to the dais somehow and around the organ before not caught up with me . repent . god knee mail . repent . god knee mail . the thing was still screaming that at me it was like a headache at the front of my skull . pain seared through my mind as i made the mistake of looking into the deep where its should have been . i unwillingly to my as its long bony tore through the fabric of my shirt and the skin of my chest as i fell one of the wormed its way into my body spreading black blood and pain . it was like i was trapped in a memory . i up here once in front of the whole congregation . i had sung up here countless times and i had a few when i was a younger more faithful teen but that prayer . . . that was the worst i had ever felt while standing up here . i was that i would say the wrong thing that i would fall over that i would embarrass myself that my prayer ' t be good enough . it was before a primary program . i crying . it was . . . i snapped out of it trying not to feel the very real on my or the sense of violation in my mind it was like not had targeted that memory and that feeling specifically . the creature was tearing me apart . more of its were in my chest searching for my heart . it must have been stupid . my heart was right there . even i knew that . how dumb was this thing ? my teeth against the pain i for my phone . i intended to use the emergency call function to call the police or an ambulance or whoever is on the other end of a call without to unlock my phone . that ' t what though . i was in so much pain that the shaking of my turned on the flashlight directly at not . somehow that was the ticket . it the bright white light coming from my phone and shrank away taking its still writhing now bloody with it . all i could see from where i was kneeling on the ground behind the podium was it retreating down to the basement . what next was a blur i finished the emergency call i guess and someone was . . . i tried my not to pass out or die from the blood loss . somehow somehow that ' s the here . somehow i made it and somehow they found me in the chapel still kneeling . i ' m in the hospital now as up and as they could get me . there ' s so much i don ' t know what they had to do to start fixing me what that thing was and why it me out to the church . i don ' t even know what the little picture of the girl praying to do with this . repentance prayer all of it . . . there was something down there and that thing used my ex mormon guilt to try to consume me . the point is i was and i ' m not sure what i saw . it ' t make sense to me . all i know is that i ' m never going back to church . my sister t talk . that s not to say she t speak . i like to think of my sister as a deer . her doe jade and far too large for her heart shaped face convey what she and almost as effectively as the human voice . her gait is slow and calculated on her tip however she is never still . as she the room you can almost feel time slow and your breath catch as if you saw a lone doe in a picturesque field and you are to stop in your as if not to spook her . these her walk and gaze and tendency to decelerate the world s turn are her own language . i call these . i am fifteen and due to be married in a week s time . my elder sister married the ranch hand . i don t see much of her but when i do she is solemn . she and his other congregate at town huddling together and keeping a safe distance their wide watching the ranch hand as he his . they bow their and exchange quick . one wife slit her late at night in the old barn and to death staining the hay . i do not think the ranch hand is a good man . by comparison the gentleman i shall marry is a good man as men go . he is the baker which is a gentle profession . i hope s are soft sprinkled with flour . i hope he me the same way he does his dough delicate tender benign . when i was small my mother would take me to the bakery for bread after and would always throw in a or pastry for my and i to share . good afternoon sweet he would say and i would giggle peaking out from behind my mother s skirt the soft polyester in my tiny giddy bouncing on my and tilting my head up to his worn and wrinkled face by the display . i think someone a special treat today ! i do wonder if i gain weight in his household if he and and soft wrapped in light tissue to all of his i will be his fourth . i also do wonder if the playful nature in his i remember from at the bakery when he down at me from the while topping my blueberry scone with powdered sugar will be by lust once i am his wife . today i am to take to meet the . the s name is beck and in two time when turns fourteen they will be married . contrary to the other men in town beck by s strangeness the way she from room to room and precariously on her her silence which tangible . he to meet her at his cottage in the to evaluate what kind of wife she may be . he to try his hand at . she would be beck s first wife which is a title in itself making this encounter all the more important . we walk in silence through the . from stone to stone along the path her mary jane s slapping against the surface . her sound musical as often does . i clear my throat and her flutter to me . remember . squeeze his hand a little but not too strong . do not tap your foot he will think you are of his company . nod when he . smile but not too big . don t show your teeth they re crooked . and for the love of god remember to blink . men don t take kindly to being at . it them feel . keep your gaze to the floor and look up roughly every ten . can you remember this ? you have to remember this . s slouch slightly and the clack of her mary grow as her turn to pitter against the stone . she is not happy and i do not blame her . but she her head quickly her furrow and i know she . we arrive at the cottage . it is quite pretty . foliage the down the wooden quivering in the breeze . a haphazardly stone path and turns to the entrance to the door made of discolored wood weathered by the rain and wind . it tall with some sort of charm only a collection of material could possess . i feel the wind on my neck . i turn to smiling broadly to hide my and tuck a stray piece of raven hair behind her ear . well here we are . let s see if this beck is all he s cracked up to be . i take her hand and guide it to gingerly knock . her seem to make no noise against the hefty wood . i clench my first and rap against the door harder my grip on s hand in anticipation . it and in front of us is beck . he is tall but skinny than i him to be . his collarbone from underneath his skin and his loose flannel to swallow him whole . a large s apple from his long neck as if it were trying claw up his throat and escape through his mouth . he sickly not like the strong i d . he broadly and i spot the tobacco between his and back . his tongue is tinged black . i force a smile . good afternoon . beck . i am soon to be and this is my sister . is now squeezing my hand in a death grip . i pretend not to notice . beck slowly looking up and down slowly drinking her in . he his bottom lip with one front tooth nearly drawing blood . he his brow and his back . they seem to crack and lock into place . hello there little lady . what a pleasure it is to meet you . his voice is greasy . the slip and slide and cling to each other before puddling in a heap at the base of beck s throat . he his hand . nothing but her head up to look him in the eye . she does not blink and i have a strong urge to pinch her kick her something to get her attention to the here and now . shake his hand i hiss . she does not and she does not look away either . as if she t keep her glued to beck s face he would snatch her up and take her to the aisle right then and there in the deep with only the and as . shy little minx beck phlegm catching in his throat . i about you . all action no talk . that s with me . i don t need talk . i just need a pretty girl like you to keep the warm come wintertime . the are a big place you know . we could make all the noise we want . my breath in my throat . my heart to skip a beat then it resume at an even pace in my chest . i hope t notice my beginning to sweat . i glance at and she is still and stoic . she on her and back down again and up and down her gaze still locked on beck . surely she could never stay still . in i know she is screaming from the fire in her and the three of height she gains as she back and forth . well don t be rude beck . come inside ladies . i do not want to go inside that cottage . i want to scream . i want to vomit . i want to scream and vomit and scoop up my little sister and run far far away from here and never look back not ever . oh thank you i agree . we d love to come inside . the three of us sit at a round wooden table in the kitchen overrun with dust and of i could not recognize the sink and . a rifle lay precariously on the the barrel hanging off the edge . i run my along my seat but regret it instantly as a splinter lodged itself into my pinky . is tapping her foot . i told her not to tap her foot . but when i glance down i see my leg is shaking as well . . beck your home is lovely i say . the pit in my stomach but i try and shake it off . i have to be the strong one here for s sake . beck . i appreciate the compliment doll but it s not nearly as lovely as you two sitting before me . say you reckon would like to pass his around for extra ? can t imagine he much money as a baker . he a laugh . i swallow dryly shifting in my seat . i feel an energy from across the table and i know it is speaking to me with her doe and her uncanny power to make time slow down and settle over the room like a heavy blanket . of course beck he certainly t going to stop at four oh no . i d say he s going for a dirty baker s dozen that pervert . swapping through the lot of you like a with his . and he to the next once you re all dried out . he turns to on his right licking his chapped with his black tinged tongue . of course sugar i would never get of you . he out and a hand on her thigh stroking a pleat of her skirt with the pad of his thumb . don t touch my sister . the come out before i have a chance to register what i m saying . the pit in my stomach into swarming to every crevice of my body against the of my skeleton . i freeze . my heart is pounding out of my chest and i realize i am holding my breath . but beyond the fear another emotion its way through of obedience and manners and wedding preparation and bobby . it is by the man who broke my sister and the man who place his hand on my dear . i feel angry . is staring at me . she is with her energy . i am too with adrenaline to deduce her . after a few of silence beck his hand on the table and his into mine . i flinch . what the hell did you say to me you little whore ? he his and charcoal black sticky hatred on my cheek . the smell of old tobacco my . i raise the back of my hand to wipe it off . i said do not touch my sister . my voice is wavering . i feel a single tear slip down my cheek . stupid stupid crier you chose to take a stand you re not to cry . begin to happen very fast . the sound of the wooden chair scraping against the floor my . loud so fast that i cannot distinguish immediately where they are coming from . suddenly i am on the floor a sharp and then pain in my left temple . i raise my arms to protect my head and feel a steel toed boot slam into my . i gasp and cry out . pain across my side and i struggle to gain control of my breath . beck beside me and my face tilting it towards him . baker s slut he . you don t come into my house to disrespect me especially when i m marrying your mute sister out of the goodness of my heart . . where is ? if he me here and now there will be no one to protect her . i reach up an arm to swing at him fight back anything but i feel a rib shift . the pop of my me and black cloud my vision as i exhale sharply . ! i scream and the unmistakable taste of coppery blood to fill my mouth . run back to town now ! beck his and carefully them around my neck slowly as if on some sort of sick show . as he i think about what it would be like to die . i recognize now that i am afraid of death . i wonder if the ranch hand s wife was when she slit her in the old barn . if she dragged the knife slowly with purpose or quickly to get the job done faster . did she smile as she ? was she as beautiful dead in the dimmed barn as she was alive ? i do not think i will be beautiful dead . i think i will be bloody and broken my teeth might be showing my crooked teeth i am distracted from these by a pathetic wheeze that inadvertently my . beck . he his tobacco teeth in an animalistic smile . the are a big place you know . we can make all the noise suddenly my are ringing again . beck is no longer talking . i am from the thunder that just struck the cottage . the to my side . my face is warm and i reach a shaking hand to my cheek . when i pull away there is blood . dark sticky heavy blood soaking into my hair and dripping down my face and onto my chest as i begin to retch on my spitting up bile and my own blood . the s are wide but unseeing . his blood is against the way behind us in a assortment of and . it t thunder . before me and the s corpse . for once she is completely still save for her slightly as she to keep the rifle upright . i hear her breath fast but even . as we stare at one another gasping for breath i see that is not an enigma nor a deer . she is a human girl a child who just shot the man she was to wed . the rifle barely in her . relief my chest . joy . another cough rattles my chest fresh blood spitting from my mouth and with that of the man who lay dead before me . i want to hug my sister . i want to hold her close . i want to take her home and wash the blood specks from her hair . i do not do these . instead i scream . what did you do ! ? i yell blood from my mouth with each syllable . maybe it was the shock the fear of the shame in myself that my little sister had to save me that i t save her or myself . whatever it is i am yelling . we re going to go to jail for this ! we will be for this ! we a man ! s widen as i begin to cough again my broken rib cage rattling . no you a man you him ! through the pouring down my face and the blood and sweat dripping into my i cannot read her expression . i could not decipher her but i t care . s head darts back and forth landing on me for a short moment before something to click . in one fluid motion she the cottage door open while holding the gun against her chest and out the door rifle in tow . i get up to follow her but once i stand i stumble my side in agony . i gasp come back please i m sorry ! i drop to my . i stand again the wooden chair as a crutch and work my way to the door . falling to my on the stone path i scream for my sister gazing into the surrounding me only to be with looming and the scattering of small . like a deer she is gone . you look beautiful reaching a pale hand to run her through my blonde . her voice no conviction . she scratchy and unsure as if she forgot to speak for and was just testing out her voice . thank you . i take her hand into mine holding it against my chest . i let one of my slip to her wrist unconsciously feeling for a pulse . if i can t find it it would confirm my that the witty confident i used to know is now a ghost . it is the day of my wedding . the ceremony was beautiful . my mother had me down the aisle in her best gown . my dress which both her and wore when they married me like a glove . i feel pretty . like a bride . like a wife . it been a week and a half since the of the cottage . the wound on my left temple is hidden by a carefully flower my torso still wrapped in tight while my heal . they say it was a miracle i half an inch to the left and my rib would have fully punctured my lung giving me before i would have in my own blood . they me brave . told me they would find said that a twelve year old girl t make it that far in the by herself . clearly they don t know my sister . as if she could read my dreamily lowering our arms and giving me a sad smile . they find her . she be a hero . i bet . will give her free for life . it is s meager attempt at cracking a joke and i appreciate it nonetheless . what t know is how i cried spat blood told that she would be tried and and hung for what she did . i really hope so is the only thing i know to say . an arm its way around my waist and i wince slightly at the contact against my . i look to my left . it is my husband . it strange to say when it like just yesterday he was the nice man who gave me free on afternoons . he a kiss on my cheek . his tickle . i fight the urge to giggle . don t giggle . well . how about we finish making our and head home ? laura and have set up our honeymoon suite consummation is fast upon us my sweet ! he and out a throaty chuckle . i smile maybe a bit too wide . wonderful sweetheart . i turn to . it was lovely seeing you . she . likewise . keep the hope . it s just like that game we when we were young hide and seek . had the best but she always turned up in the end . i smile softly and let take my hand in his . as we walk i straighten my spine pull my back smile at the ground without any teeth . s hide and seek replay in my mind but i work to set them aside . and her and her language were not to be thought of not on the day of my wedding . besides i am no longer a . i am . i am fifteen . i am the baker s fourth wife . and i no time for child s play . getting a job always been easy for me . keeping one however ? well that s another story entirely . whether it s been because of sickness family or of god by my rd birthday i have had over separate to add to my resume . actually make that because i don t think i want to put down my latest job as a reference . it s not because the job was difficult actually it was pretty straightforward . i was hired for night maintenance for an old hospital downtown up trash and soiled linen nothing fancy . my new boss rick to me that my shift every night around pm . you re first and most important task is to lock all the . we t a hour emergency room and after hour visitation t . we just don t have the staff to handle it . he on for about another fifteen about how it was something that they to try to do in order to compete with a facility in the upper part of the city but i t really paying attention . all that i really was that besides myself and a few floor and night the hospital was going to be empty . this all in the building i suppose by default it also them all too . use it to get into any office you need for cleaning he told me passing me a small red and gold key . a bit strange to have just one key to lock up the whole place i . rick and gave me a pat on the shoulder . we re not fort son . all right . so what do i do after that ? i got a printed schedule of the you clean every night . no need to break your back doing it all at once am i right ? he me some laminated that detailed the job and added that it was important to follow the schedule . the old janitor got a bit lax and wound up in a bit of trouble rick . what sort of trouble ? i . but rick t say . i was told to report to work that very night . i t really have much time to do anything except go home and shower . in the back of my mind i t help but to wonder why anyone would not want to keep a job this cushy . but i t about to blow a golden opportunity . honestly though because i live so far from the facility i barely had time to make it back . in fact by the time i had the hospital the were already locked . i into my pocket and took out the master key that rick had given me the door and heading inside . it was midway open when i a shout from behind me . hey ! hold the door ! i turned to see a man wearing blue rushing toward me . you running late too huh ? he said shaking my hand as he came in . i took the gesture and then to lock the door again . just as i the latch close a car horn and i saw a man with a pregnant woman trying to get in . hey ! hold on ! my wife is going into labor ! he . at first i thinking that if there was an exception to any rule this would be it . but i had no idea whether or not the staff at er would be able to help her so i through the glass . the emergency room at nine . you can go uptown to st s ! are you serious ? it s minute past ! the man back . he enraged . i down at the key and i t really want to make a mistake on my first day so i just and told him sorry again . he said a few more i won t care to repeat here beating on the glass a few times . honestly his whole demeanor went from frustration to furious in less than and it was a bit scary . then my shoulder . hey what s wrong with you ? we can t turn a pregnant woman away ! he . but rick said he give you that whole spill about the and the schedule ? come on the guy is obviously just wound a little too tight he toward the door . let them in . what could it hurt ? i up again at the irate husband and . fine but if i get in trouble this is your ass not mine i . sure sure i get them up to labor and delivery told me . the husband gave me the stink eye as he his wife inside . then he and both took her to the elevator as i locked up again and finally headed for the time clock . fifteen later i had my cleaning cart and was on my way to the first office . honestly i was a bit worried about the fact that i had also forgotten the schedule rick gave me . but once i found a few empty and the whole floor was empty except for me i i had nothing to be afraid of . i went from office to office doing that for the next two finally when it that nothing was behind the except for empty and of trash . i the jingle that when a is over the intercom and . had been right . the schedule was just . around i took my first break and met a floor tech in the cafeteria . she was an older white woman that like she had just her way out of a war zone . gruff tough and no nonsense . when i who i was she told me she t need to know much else . just make sure you do the job right . got sloppy in those last t pay as much attention to as he should . got himself hurt . i what rick had me about too and felt a strange sickening feeling when she made that statement . what what do you mean by that ? i mean it s just a silly schedule right ? he had a heart attack son . and what do you think that ? he made . went in that he t have she back . like what ? t matter . just stick to the schedule she . i i don t even have one i admitted sheepishly . her and she said a few cuss . what have you been doing all night ? i off the i had and with each number her facial expression got more and more disturbed . did you at least lock them back ? snapped . yeah . of course ! but what is the big deal ? said that it t important . ? repeated . yeah he works on the shift before you . i met him at the time clock . son . i have been here for thirteen . t no here . now it was my turn to be confused . then who did i talk to ? i whispered . it felt like my heart was going to burst from my chest . i was so nervous . then an alarm came on over our . code pink . son what the hell did you let in here ? snapped as i mentally the exchange . i had unlocked the door . and let both and the young couple in . but the door had been locked before then . and t have a key . i as i everything and ran toward the . i made it to labor and delivery in about six the first nurse i could find . what s ? i . but he told me what i already knew . someone snatched a baby ! she . i was told i had to wait there as security to search the hospital . but no sign of or the infant was found that night . i remember telling the police to check the footage of when i let them in but apparently the camera only me and the young couple . to this day i don t know who or what was . but i learned to always lock the at pm and keep them locked no matter what . xpart i to this time and t go to work . thanks to the bruising around my neck i t want to go to work anyway as my would think something awful to me . well in retrospect something awful did happen to me but how the hell am i supposed to explain that i from my cat and was then nearly to death by a shape shifting snake man thing that i met on a dating ? either way after everything i had just been through i t waste time in for a day off . hell i have a lot of up so i for a few days off . i ' t understand why i t supposed to go to work but i t going to question not this time . it t take me long to learn why . i woke up late that morning to a phone call from my friend . oh my god i m so glad you i was so worried ! said sounding as if she was nearly in . what do you mean ? i took the day off and i just woke up . the rail there was an accident said unable to hide the sadness . had been through a very traumatic experience ago and had a lot of anxiety since then . it s i m . i stayed home today . i told her . i spent the next speaking with over the phone . after i her down to me what . the light rail that i usually take through the city to work had been hit by a semi truck by a drunk driver . people dead more injured . ran down my back as i that the train that got hit was the blue line the one i take every morning . the collision just before the stop that i usually get off . that could have been me . did my cat just save my life again ? after my phone conversation i went to find who was asleep on the couch . i sat by her and her incredibly soft fur . i gave her some scratches just behind the ear and was with a deep purr . i felt nervous talking to clearly she was much more wise than i . i can t help but to feel somewhat inferior in her presence after the previous day . you know when she the head off a murderous snake man . i just to say thank you for saving my life twice . her head into my hand rubbing her cheek into her palm . i guess that s a good sign . but how did you know about the train ? i her . nothing . no response . just a yawn a stretch and then she closed her and tucker her face behind her . seriously how did you know about the train accident ? how did you know that man was a snake ? what are you ? i immediately felt bad for her with but i had so many that i to . yet nothing . i guess she only when she like it . i decided to try later after feeding her that salmon she for . we ate dinner together that night . per s request i made us some salmon with a side of delicious rice and potatoes . she ate with me at the table . she ate much faster than i but after she was done she politely said thank you for the wonderful dinner and then off the chair and headed down the hall . i m not sure if i will ever get used to that . that night shortly after falling asleep i woke to a loud thump noise coming from the kitchen . said as she to all the hair on her back standing up . what was that ? i . another thump through the house . my sister she said with a growl i don t know how i t see this coming that snake must have done something to wake her up . your sister ? what do you mean your sister woke up ? i panicked . t answer . she off the bed and ran toward the kitchen . i her to find her staring at the floor of the pantry . thump ! this time it was and clearly coming from the floor of the pantry . the hardwood cracked as if some kind of pressure was coming from underneath the floor . up at me and said listen you need to get out of here before bam ! i as the exploded into the air sending broken of wood flying every which direction and knocking me to the ground . i watched in horror as green mist up out of the hole that now sat in my pantry floor . out of that hole through the mist out a cat about the same size as with the same golden and a similar gold amulet hanging around her neck but this cat was pure black . hello sister did you miss me ? said the black cat with a hiss walking forward as backwards right back i will not let you terrorize this world further . both of them to morph into much more horrific of themselves as had done when the snake me . they to circle each other as weird electricity filled the air and the dimmed and . you lost your touch sister you t able to foresee my awakening ? the cat said . with lightning speed struck at with her large fully exposed . out of the way and struck back at striking her on the side of the phase . blood on the side of her face soaking into her beautiful white coat . lunged at who struck the black cat knocking her out of the way . still on the ground i my way back that i would be caught in the . my heart already thumping hard enough to jump out of my chest stopped when the black cat at me apparently just realizing my presence . you brought me a pathetic little mortal for a snack unable to hide her blood lust oh how i have for the sweet taste of blood . lunged at knocking her onto her back . with her back off sending her into the wall the . both were back on their in a split second . you have far too many already i will not allow you to spill any more innocent blood said toward her apparent sister . they both at each other in a furry flurry of violent and high . they both stood on their back two with their front wrapped around each other as they bit and at one another . for the next couple of i watched unable to move as these two large fought the most terrifying fight i ever seen . both and were now bloody battered but continued to fight . i feared the worst . finally threw into the ground and had her pinned . i watched as bit into my beloved cat s face . the sound made is a sound that will forever haunt my soul the sound of pain and fear . that sound snapped me out of my frozen trance i t let die . i knew the best thing to do was run for my life but instead i to my and a kitchen knife from the counter . was still distracted trying to get a good bite on who continued to fight with everything she had . i ran across the room and the knife into s lower neck with everything i had . this time it was s turn to make that horrific sound as the tip of the knife went all the way through her neck and poked out of the opposite side . i off and threw her to the side the knife still sticking straight through her neck . the black cat s were still violently but she was unable to regain control over herself . the amulet said weakly get the amulet . i the golden chain on s neck and tried to rip it off but it was on too tight . i the screwdriver out of the drawer in my kitchen for miscellaneous crap and used that to break the chain where the amulet was attached . as soon as it had been removed from the cat stopped moving her golden still open . i back at who was sitting in an upright position but clearly hurt . despite her pain and seriousness i could sense relief from here . are you ? me . am i ? look at yourself . are you ? i said to starting to well up in my eye . trust me young one i am . i have had much worse in my time . you should not have but thank you for doing so . you are a good human . is she dead ? i . of course she s not dead . you may have her physical manifestation but one does not simply kill an immortal being . her power still within your hand . i down at the still in my hand . i t before but it radiated a certain heat and energy that i can t quite place . i picked up and carried her into my bathroom where i broke out my first aid kit and to her . she was in serious need of but she a trip to the veterinarian . instead she told me to contact that guy who had left me a after the snake incident . that dead snake was still lying in the hidden by the shrubbery . i felt uneasy about this but if then i have no reason not to . up just later in a out wearing a classy black suit . he brought two with him who wore matching black . brought in this strange black metallic container . the amulet was in the container and back into that deep dark hole in my pantry from which had arisen from . they some other weird black concrete stuff in there as well before the of the snake and the black cat . had a quick private word with before leaving . i don t know who these were all would say is that is from an organization p . a . n . e . it s now been two days since the event . i m happy to tell you that is healing very well and ridiculously fast . she s back to walking around and i m sure that she will resume small in the neighborhood before too long . i the opportunity to take care of her and we really bonded as over the last couple of days . i still have of from this experience . honestly the of this past week have completely everything i thought i knew about this world . if someone told me two ago about talking and shape shifting i would have in their face . although she is still incredibly vague i did manage to squeeze a few from her this morning . what are you ? i her i m a cat . she said . well yeah i get that but are you like a goddess ? they once me that yes but only because the truth of my existence was far too much for them to comprehend . i am a being as you are i am just a very different being with a very different beginning . there was a time that i was heavily involved in human civilization but those days are long gone . humankind grown far too fickle to accept such as myself in your society . had she just said as in plural ? are there other talking cat s in this world ? so there are other like you ? how many other like you are there ? at this question . well not exactly like me but yes . there are many other intelligent and in this world besides humanity . and is you sister ? for lack of a better term yes . long ago far too with her power and for the blood of humankind . i had to stop her before she you all . her power is buried and i will make sure she stays there . now if you excuse me i need to rest . with that closed her and took a nap . you ever have these in your life where you ' re just too damn tired of everything and you try to find literally any reason to procrastinate on everything you should or need to be doing ? xb well i do and that is precisely what been going on the last couple of when i haven ' t done much besides play on my phone . mostly those city builder or similar . that ' s why i ' t even care to stop and look through the or the before the next one that got to me . xb the game pretty ordinary . there was nothing special with it but it was enough to hold my attention for maybe thirty or so . as it so often is the beginning went fast and i was able to build a few quickly because of the tutorial . but then after that it down and it mainly a lot of waiting time so i decided to close the game maybe check in on the other and then maybe actually watch the movie i had on the in the background . xb but i ' t close the game the itself ' t let me do it . the screen and a message up and stayed on the screen just long enough for me to actually read it xb where are you going ? xb by a question that stayed on the screen xb do you really want to close the game ? xb i " yes " and the screen again with yet another message that stayed for only a second or two xb too bad . xb the game on . i tried again and this time when the screen a new message up for just a few xb don ' t leave us . xb i and and i tried to instead just lock the phone . i was too tired to even care much . but that ' t work either and for a second another message up on the screen xb nice try . xb when it i could see that my town ' s up at me at least i was sure they did before they got back to just walking around the few i had so far . xb i shook my head and put the phone down on the living room table in front of me if i just left it it would automatically lock in a little while as it always did . xb it ' t . instead i watched the screen start to flicker worse than it had ever done and it made a high noise that gave me a horrible feeling of dread and despair which made me want to vomit . it t stop until i picked the phone back up . a new question up on the screen xb do you feel safe ? xb there were two i could choose between and they were the same no and no . i t press any of them i just watched the screen wondering what the hell was going on . xb after maybe or the phone making some kind of noise again . this time it ' t that deafening high pitch noise but rather a noise that filled me with a lot of . all of them were bad . a message up on the screen for a few xb answer the question . xb and then the question was back on the screen me . i and the second " no " thinking that this was some kind of stupid joke by the developer . xb good . xb this went on for a bit as i tried different ways to turn my phone or at least the game off . nothing worked . after a while i decided to just put the phone in a drawer in my bedroom . not think about it . not look at it . the battery would die eventually . xb but of course it ' t let me get away that easily and the phone made a noise again . this was that high noise that almost made me throw up . a message was visible on the screen xb are you going without saying ? xb feeling very silly i whispered " " after which i was able to put the phone back down . i ' t to go to sleep just yet but a sudden exhaustion washed over me and i did anyway . it only took a few for me to fall into a dreamless slumber . xb i woke up shivering . i swear that the temperature had drastically even though it ' t have and i had this strange and horrible feeling it felt as if my entire body was slowly going numb . i sat up in bed and turned the lamp on my on . xb from somewhere i could hear a scratching sound that only grew for every second that i laid still . i sat up and around the room until my landed on the place where i had put my phone . xb i got out of bed and reluctantly towards it . it was as if i had no control over my . in fact i t have much control over my own body at all . it got harder to breathe and when i finally put my hand on the drawer i my breath completely . xb i stood there for a while . i was back in control somewhat at least and i could choose to walk away or to open the drawer . a big part of me to walk away . but the other part of me to open that drawer . i this . i was but i was also weirdly excited i to see what was going on what was scratching in there ? and the phone had something new with it ? xb i was both and confused why did i even want to find these out ? nevertheless i let out my breath at the same time as i the drawer open . i could see something escape from it . it was something small like a small animal of some kind and it was white as a ghost . i and took a step back . i around me for the creature but ' t see it anywhere so i turned my attention back to the drawer . the surprise ' t stop me for too long and i soon . xb i took the step back to the open drawer whatever had run out of it was gone now anyway . i could see my phone it was lying there with its screen down and slowly i my hand in to pick it up . i turned it around and the game was still on . xb my town was different now . it to have been building itself . everything on the screen was too as if it was night in the town and there was this ominous fog that covered the town ' s streets . the ' t the same either . they old they run down and abandoned . although the of my town had too and turned into that like they probably ' t mind living in that kind of house . outside some of the there were . my little town had become a literal . xb all at once the of the town stopped whatever it was they were doing and up at me . the screen and a message up for a few xb welcome back . xb by another message xb we re ready for you soon . xb by a question xb are you ready to join us ? xb in disbelief i first at the question in front of me and then the two available on the screen both of which was yes . xb no i whispered and i probably t have been when the screen again and a new message up for a few xb not a valid answer . xb then the question was back again . my phone had already begun making some weird annoying buzzing noise . i ' t like it and was afraid that it would turn into something even worse if i ' t answer . so i lied and the first yes . xb a new short message on the screen xb good . xb my phone in by itself on a specific spot in the town . it was a house that to be under construction . it was already being built to look like it had been for . but it t the house itself that worried me it was the tombstone and the open grave i could see on the house s front lawn . the tombstone had my name on it as well as the correct date of my birth . xb the light turned off and i could hear on the floor as the creature ran away again . it had somehow to sneak in here again without me probably because i had been too deep into my own . the creature . that creature was real . did that mean that all of this ' t a cruel joke after all ? that all of this was real ? xb i was in shock . i ' t even bother to turn the light back on again . i just went to sit down by my computer and i . that might seem silly to you and trust me when i say that it silly to me too . but all i could feel was that i was going to die there was nothing that could change that . all i could do was to make sure that everyone knew what really and hope that i ' t be forgotten . xb up until this moment i had stayed surprisingly calm but it was as if writing it all down had made me feel that it was real . that i was going to die or maybe even something worse than that . i cried . i . i tried so many ways to break my phone every single one of them failing . every attempt made the of my town break out in a silent laughter . xb i threw the phone out the window and that high noise was back . i that the noise ' t come from my phone it was inside my head impossible to escape it even if i put a fair distance between me and the phone . i ran out to grab the phone again . i ' t take it that noise . xb it got worse as i got outside and i threw up on the grass before rushing back inside again . i sat down on the chair by my computer again . xb i still have some time but i don ' t think there ' s anything i can do now it is already too late . xb i ' been sitting here for a while now . that thing that my drawer is still here . it won ' t show itself to me but i know it ' s there in the watching me . i can hear it ' s on the wooden floor and i think it me to hear it . it me to know that i am helpless . xb i think that creature is here to take me to the . once they are ready for me that is . i at my phone again . i at the house i supposed would become mine soon enough . there was now another date written on the tombstone by my new house th . they are going to be ready for me family was hit hard by covid . my husband to find any work his self employed carpentry trade being our primary source of income . my small cupcake shop on and burned . the government but they still ' t enough . even the giant penny jar we ' d been to for over a decade ran out . we ' t afford to keep paying our rent so we spoke to our landlord who ' t in the least bit helpful . so the council found somewhere to put us up for the time being . i should have been miserable and i was but the sight of our new home sent excited down my spine . the property was a beastly size akin to a mansion and old style . secretly i ' d always to live in a place like this . i and ghost and horror . also our seven year old son would have lots of space to run around and exorcise his manic energy . " this could be alright . " i tried reassuring in the car but the frown ' t leave his face . he was very angry and depressed about the whole ordeal . " who pizza ? " i feigned a smile into the at . " yeah ! " he enthusiastically . evening wow it really was big . the first i walking through the door found their way back to me in the form of a lofty vibration . we all of our stuff down and decided it was too late to sort through any of it . i immediately got to work in the kitchen out the gas . we all ate pizza and got an early night though i must admit the bed was not that comfortable and was too to sleep in the bedroom alone so over the mattress and he slept beside us . we spent scouting out all the and . it ' t quite a mansion but boy was it close with four two a large hall conservatory open plan kitchen living room and dining room . not to mention the attic space . a new pack of and when he was of it he switched to sliding down the bannister until told him to stop . " how can they just offer us up a property like this honey ? " i my husband . " it ' s " apart that ' s why . " walking up to a bannister leg and wobbling it . " see ? " although i ' t appreciate the pessimism when i was trying to keep a brave face he ' t wrong . the place did look like it was falling apart . still the council must have . they can ' t just stick us in a dilapidated building and get away with it . even if it i felt safe here and i to feel that too . the we all got used to living here the we can make it our home . we had pizza for a second time as we still had no proper food in yet . also ' t brave enough to sleep in his new room so we let him stay in ours again . around midday me and took the car to the supermarket while stayed at home watching . after a whole morning of around with the aerial we ' d eventually got the bloody thing working . after watching it for a couple of i spied the first smile in creep onto his face . i knew once we ' d got the working he ' d warm to this place . there we go it ' t so bad after all . and to like it too though he found it a bit creepy . " i think we all do love . " i reassured him in the car . " it ' s a big place . big are usually creepy . " " do you think there are ? " my seven year old son . " i don ' t know . " i genuinely ' t thought about that until now . i ' t even know if i properly in the supernatural like that . " if there are i bet they ' re friendly . " i reassured him . i got all the we for the next week enough for some nice hearty and fresh to go in the . i let pick out some and ride the trolley around like a car . he me to go to a toy shop but there was no way we could afford right now . " maybe another time darling . " he had enough anyway . we ate around the dining table that night instead of on the floor with silverware i found in one of the drawers . slept by our side once again . morning am i awoke to a curious sound in the middle of the night . i myself up and into the pitch black in front of me on it . it was coming from downstairs . it like rattling and a pig squealing . it was a god awful noise . what on earth . . . i but it ' t seem to affect him at all . no of course not . then i that i ' t wake him anyway because he ' d be and use it as an excuse to justify his grumpiness throughout the day . i better just go and check it myself i thought . i my phone and scrolled down the torch function that was all my phone was good for because we ' t get any bloody signal so far . i the in my cold bare following the noise all the way to the kitchen where it was deafeningly loud . what was it ? what could be making this horrible noise ? i thought . it was the old refrigerator . now shining my phone ' s bright light at it i how ugly it was . it was one of those cheap you could win at a fair in a raffle ticket competition or one you ' d buy while making meet in a dingy flat . it was covered in which grew and as black in the of the plastic that travelled around it as well as the and that it had in several . i just stood there for what must have been five listening to it rattle and screech . i would have grown tired of it much sooner had i not the ebb and flow of its pitch rising and falling like a big truck approaching and then vanishing into the distance . it was strangely hypnotic . it was like a choir of elves screaming . i don ' t even know how to describe it . but this would not do . as soon as we had enough money we were getting a new . i up the and got back into bed a pillow over my head . i my husband in the kitchen who was kneeling down and fiddling with something at the back . " it ' s fine . it ' s a little but it does the job . " " honey it woke me up last night it was so loud . " " it ' s probably just food in it . it to work harder the more you put it in see . now it ' s got itself to the right temperature it ' relax . " it ' s weird how he was talking about it like a creature . " fine . " but my husband made sense . " if it wakes me up again though we ' re getting rid of it . " " fair enough . " he . that day i took to the park and he met a girl . they for an hour and then we went back home for some dinner . i was a bit disappointed i ' t thought of inviting the girl back for a since it would have and me and could have had sex . still i had the mother ' s number in my phone . maybe tomorrow ? we ate in the living room in front of the this time but ' t hungry so he just sat to the side with instead . i woke up feeling very rough with vague of tossing and turning and not getting proper sleep . " do you remember me fidgeting around last night in bed ? " my husband and rubbed his face . " no . " alright then . i don ' t know why i ask sometimes . what about ? " what about my lovely boy how did he sleep ? " i leant over the bed to tickle him but he was gone . " ? " " relax he ' s probably downstairs . " . usually we ' re the waking him . this was an early a time as any other so what had ? i slipped into my pink gown and and made my way to the living room where was beside the with . " what are you doing up so early lovely man ? " i over to him and him on the cheek . " i . " he . was he feeling ? i checked his forehead . it fine . never in all the looking after him had he ever got up than seven . it was a weekend too . maybe the moving process had affected his sleep cycle . poor sweetheart . i him some breakfast and around for the rest of the morning . i was i to persuade to come over . she was two older than and would make him feel safe in his new room plus i ' m sure they would have lots of fun together . she at seven dressed in tomboy clothes . she certainly ' t your typical girl . she knew how to have a rough and tumble as well . i her spirit . i gave a little chit chat to her mother on the doorstep and closed the mighty thing behind her . while the in the bedroom i up to my husband still wearing my pink gown and . i whispered sexy to him while he watched his groin with my knee and wrapping my leg around his . " not tonight . " he told me kissing me on the with a prickly stubble he ' d to shave down for days . i made a tuna bake with cheese and " . to like it too . after a bit of and some we all headed to bed this time to separate . " night sweetie . " i after missing his company as he ran distracted by down the creaky towards his own bedroom . morning am i woke up rough again . the exact same feeling as . . . oh . it was early morning . i felt like i had about fifty . what was going on ? then i it . the damn . enough ' s enough . we ' re scrapping it tomorrow and getting a new one . we ' go hungry for a couple of days if that ' s what it i thought . i my head back on the pillow and shut my but now that i could hear it i ' t it . the loud noise coming from downstairs was all i could focus on . i decided to wake this time . i ' t care if he was i him to hear what i was hearing so i shook him . " wake up . . " i shook him violently . he up and one of his arms me away while mumbling . " get up it ' s the again . " i . " . . . " he was sound asleep yet again . i give up . i my gown and down the in a huff . might as well watch since i won ' t be getting any rest tonight . given our financial situation at the moment i ' t just unplug the dastardly thing as much as i to . when i got to the kitchen i almost out of my . was sitting cross legged in front of the refrigerator just staring at it . " sweetie ? " i shining the phone torch at his face . his ' t blink . " ? " i continued . he eventually snapped out of the trance and turned his head . " are you alright darling ? " he ' t speak . " come on darling let ' s go up to bed . " i my hand and he took it . we upstairs together and i him in with a kiss . " my little . " what on earth had come over him ? the same hypnotic trance i had to two nights ago ? i was a little unnerved . this was strange behaviour for anyone but especially for since he was very afraid of the dark and ' t usually be downstairs on his own like this in the middle of the night . heck he me and around the house like he ' s bound to us by . so why this getting up early and going downstairs business ? it ' t make sense . there was only one thing i was certain of we had to get rid of this as soon as possible . i told about the and he agreed we had to get rid of it soon . i was from lack of sleep i barely the whole day i just watched and around on the sofa while the ran around it and hide and seek . was out running for his getting other shopping and doing some work for a client . left at five . that ' s when all soppy and tired so i let him snuggle up to me on the sofa and we watched together . came back at half five with some . his dad my had leant him a couple hundred . he told me not to worry that we could get a new on and get rid of the old one and that he ' d bought me my white wine . all three of us up on the couch together for the first time since we in ending the night with some leftover bake and chicken and chips for the little man . morning am got up by the bloody again . well at least it ' s the last time i ' be hearing that thing . unlike the previous nights i was exhausted enough to drift off again . i woke at seven to the sound of my husband and some other men downstairs . by the time i ' d got dressed the and spotted our brand new refrigerator it was just my husband standing there with a grin on his face . i was very . no more horrific in the night thank god . i gave my husband a reward on the cheek and pet him on the bum . we spoke over the kitchen counter while i made us all marmite on toast and he told me he ' d found two one locally and another several up country . " well done honey . " i him . two was excellent and would easily pay for another week of shopping . " i have something to show you . " he told me walking over to the where the out into the great hall . he me the same pillar of dark wood that he ' d from side to side several days ago only this time it was still . " try it yourself . " he said with a gleaming grin so i did . " is it all of them ? " i . " yep . i ' give you a fiver if you can find just one that ' t firmly in its place . " " i believe you . " i conceded . but if i ' m ever strapped for cash . . . i ' m glad he was beginning to take our time in the house seriously . this was a very good sign . i him another peck . " thanks honey . " left the house at eleven . i made me and ham on white bread with a chocolate peanut bar a gala apple " a sun and a bag of prawn cocktail . we masked up heading out the large door in warm clothes into the crisp autumn air . in our old home got restless indoors but there was so much space in the new one it was barely an issue . still i could see the pent up energy coarse through him as he hopped up onto and off and and ran along side me . we at the park along the avenue . it was a patch of green almost as big as a field surrounded by with all the recreational equipment in the corner . we took turns swinging as high as we could go i made sure not to show him up and he told me he . i said maybe we could have her over again one night this week . on the way back took his tiny little glove in mine and it tight . what he said made me a little emotional . " i ' m lonely . " he said . " you ' re lonely ? " i was so taken aback i forgot to add the " sweetie " at the end the question as if i were talking to a grown adult going through a crisis . of course he must have been poor soul . so far we ' d only found one person for him to play with . " you ' make more . " i reassured him . " we just have to keep coming to the park and we ' find more like . " " does daddy love me ? " " of course daddy you sweetie . why do you ask ? " " sometimes i feel daddy ' t like me . " i felt myself welling up . " he just sometimes you know him . best to leave him alone when he ' s being a mardy strop pants . " i stopped us both and gave him a big hug . " daddy you . i promise . " " . " came back at four and i took the car into town by myself . i to get some and stuff that we could do over the dining table with . i tried two stationary but they closed at four so in the end i just settled for some glitter and and at . by the time i had my head back in the car i was soaked in icy cold rain water . i drove back under the gloominess of black and torrent . it was cold and getting colder . winter was approaching like a frostbite cheetah . the big house was practically as cold as outdoors and we had no realistic of keeping it . for the past week we ' d all been around in and and thick clothes but all it took was a slight breeze to be of the chill the kind of chill that through all the multiple and made you feel naked . but what could we do ? huddling up on the sofa most nights to be working so far . however despite sleeping in his room me and still ' t like we used to . we ate dinner in front of the again and garlic bread . wow i felt rough again . the exact same feeling as every other morning i ' d woke up in this house . was it this mattress ? i . it was kind of springy . or the bed frame ? or the unfamiliarity ? it could be a number of i supposed . the only time i usually woke up like this was when i ' d been going a little too hard on the " white wine but that ' t been the case . my head my i felt lethargic and . i usually up after i ' d my a a bit and a glass of fresh orange juice but not this morning . the roughness . had another job to go to today and he ' d left early at six . i had up alone in fact already been awake and to tag along . for the first time ever i was in the house alone . i made myself a hot brew and got comfy on the sofa . it must have been over an hour when my sister . " i ' m lonely . " i said immediately after up the phone . i ' t even know why i said that . the just to escape my mouth . but sitting there reflecting on the last month heck the last year few i it was true . i was lonely . " you ' be alright . her husband is struggling too . we ' re all going through a tough time . " " why does it have to be this way ? " i . " i miss you and and harry their son . " " you ' get through this you ' re tough . you ' re a fighting gal . remember when dad used to pin us down and tickle us and that one time he ' t stop even though i kept shouting i ' d had enough and you came into the room and tackled him to the carpet and let me run away ? " i . " yeah . " and my nose . " it ' s just i feel like one of those poor now and everyone is us and we ' re just to fall apart . " i cried into the phone . " listen to me . " " yeah . " i . " you ' re not mary . you ' re not your husband ' s stress ball or " maiden . you ' re your own person . you ' re not poor . you ' re not a . you ' re just a good person going through a crisis . " flooded from me onto the and below . i told her about my lack of sleep and feeling rough every morning and she said i should see a . so as soon as i got off the phone i booked an appointment with the local surgery . even with covid this was an emergency . i ' t feel right . i ' t quite put my finger on what it was but something inside was really me . i to know whether it was physical or just stress . stress i could deal with . and came back at half four and i ' d already prepared them both . we watched for a bit then i retired to the bedroom early for some rest . i to catch up and i was sick of sitting in the cold . morning am " please tell me i ' m " is what i thought as my head up from off the pillow . i could hear the loud noise again . how is that even possible ? i felt lucid and pretty sure there was no way i was but just in case i pinched myself . yeah i ' t . for a moment a weird thought over me was i in hell ? then i snapped out of it tapping my husband on the shoulder . when he ' t wake up i did something spontaneous . i threw the off stood at the end of the bed and just . i at the top of my . i so powerfully that i literally felt the shake off the reverberation . my husband slowly came to rubbing his face in that usual way . " what the hell is going on ? " he angrily still half asleep . " i ' m not happy . " i said high on adrenaline and night . " what ? " " i ' m not happy . " i repeated . " wait . " he in . " what ' s that noise ? " " that ' s the ! " i . " we got rid of the . " he back . " i know ! " i even . rubbed his face again and switched on the lamp his before moving past me out of the bedroom . i his as they travelled down the . suddenly my sense came back to me i hope we ' t . i over to his room in my pink gown and through his door . his were in a crumpled mess with one quarter turned over like a marked page . " ? " where was he ? " he ' s down here . " my husband . i my son and husband in the kitchen . they were both staring at the new as it and and something horrific . " what is it ? " i bewildered and fed up . " i don ' t know but it ' s not the . " tilting his head at different in vain . " then was is it ? " i . to unplug it but i a voice through the cacophony of vibration " don ' t . " it softy . " don ' t ! " i to who was knelt down by the socket . " just wait please . " i . he . " what ? " " just wait . " a few later it spoke again . it ' s voice was like a transmission from a really old radio broadcast mixed in with a ton of static and vibrating and high . " are you lonely ? " it continued in its faint tone . this time it too . i know because his face turned into a chaotic frown as he got up off his and decided to join us . " i am lonely . " it continued . " who are you ? " i it . each time it took a dozen rattling to respond . " that . . . ' t matter . " " yes it does . " i . i to know if we were safe here . " are you a ghost ? " " i can only . . . communicate . . . through the . . . i made my voice . . . i used your device . . . and . . . and space . . . to experiment with . . . sound . . . " " are we in danger ? " i bluntly it . " you can . . . call me a phantom . . . if you want . . . but i am . . . . . . in the air . . . moving . . . " " so you don ' t have a physical body ? or a mind ? " it ' s were so difficult to hear amongst the constant so i was grateful for my son and husband ' s silence . " i exist . . . in whatever form . . . i am being . . . the energy of your . . . . . . me a voice . . . " " can you see ? " " i see . . . of . . . most vibrate . . . most i can see . . . i have seen most . . . of this place . . . i have been in many . . . of your . . . " " so what do you do all day ? what is your purpose ? " it took almost a minute to answer . " i am lonely . " i ' t quite know what to make of that answer . what was i supposed to do hug my ? " what do you mean you ' re lonely ? " " i get . . . tired . . . of being here . . . i . . . tire . . . of . . . " " do you not have any family or ? " i suddenly felt sorry for this entity whatever it was . " i am . . . the first of my kind . . . and . . . the last of my kind . . . i . . . am alone . . . " " what can we do ? " i felt my maternal side shining through . " let me . . . " the frequency to choke up for a second . " die . . . leave this place . . . your company . . . me . . . me . . . . . . let me die . . . in the cold . . . " i the top of the like i my son ' s head sometimes as if it would feel it anyway . " everyone lonely . " i told it . " i have . . . lived . . . long . . . i have . . . so many times . . . to . . . and the new . . . lots of noise . . . and i have . . . seen . . . and . . . to their . . . i tire . . . of the loneliness . . . i think . . . you might know . . . what i mean . . . " i felt like it was talking directly to me now . i considered what it said as it spoke again . " many have come . . . over time . . . but you . . . are kind . . . . . . please help me . . . " " i i " i ' t know what to say . " what do you want me to do ? " i after considering its proposition . " switch this machine . . . off . . . don ' t give me . . . a . . . to talk . . . leave this place . . . as soon as you can . . . it is old . . . and will not last . . . forever . . . " " how can you die ? " " if i am not . . . i will cease . . . to exist . . . " " but we can ' t just leave . this is our house now . " it to ignore this fundamental detail . " . . . i see . . . not of this world . . . through . . . much unlike your own . . . i have seen . . . i have a good feeling . . . if you write them down . . . " i over to the kitchen counter and took a pen and pad out of one of the drawers . it until i had them in position then it listing random " . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . " but what did they mean ? " i . . . with the . . . of your family . . . these will help you . . . in some way . . . i don ' t know how . . . and one last thing . . . " it made me uncomfortable hearing a say my son ' s name " should look both ways . . . before crossing the road . . . at seaward way . . . " was it telling me a premonition of my son ' s death ? " what do you mean he should look both ways ? " it ' s transmission to fizzle out the loud buzzing fading to an everyday murmuring . " hello ? " it was gone . i thought a lot about what the entity said to me . for a while i ' t know what it meant . it said i knew what it felt like to be lonely . had it my conversation with my sister ? or had it into something ? i thought back to every moment up to moving out . every car journey . every cold walk in the park . every sexless night facing away from my husband on the double mattress . every feigned smile i gave to or his " . every thought of unhappiness . every dinner in solitude . every cup washed while staring at some on a wall . it was right . i was alone . but we all were . it ' t a condition specific to it or to me . it was the condition of being alive . however where i was my outlook . i ' t see life as a bleak hopeless endless tunnel not all the time anyway . i my son . i talking to my sister . i the taste of a hot tea in my mouth . i watching . was life just an endless cycle of meaninglessness ? maybe . but did i care enough to give up ? no . not yet anyway . maybe one day after a lump is discovered i will have no choice but to leave . but for now i ' carry on . it made me too that i don ' t need to trap myself in unhappiness . life is short and me and ' t working out . we had grown too much apart . so only two days after the i him for a divorce and he agreed . i only found out later that he was seeing someone behind my back anyway . so much for " " . this was our last day at the house . the council had agreed to move us somewhere more suitable . this was no place for anything to exist . in fact the friendly man from the council told me it was going derelict in a few days anyway and was going to be down to produce more council . that ' s good i said . more space for people in need . as for the i knelt down and it before i left . " rest in peace . " i ' t sure what the meant . at first i thought they were lottery but there were three too many . as for the premonition i will make sure we never go to and i ' be keeping an extra eye on when out and about . been missing for now . i don t know why he is missing since he t live here and t even a girl . all i know is that this before . throughout these from ago would keep getting into our mailbox and the always read girl missing . girl missing after her went missing several ago missing girl after strange with her best friend girl went missing with her my out and i m living here with my brother . my other brother left when . there s something wrong with this town . were his last before leaving . and i at the strange several times wondering who had put them in our mailbox . after we did our research all of the to be living in this exact house . we we re guessing someone was just trying to scare us or it was the same person who left the note on my bed trying to warn us . that when the next newspaper came in yesterday . the headline read girl missing after her ago the date on the newspaper was th of . date was th of . our guess is that been for whatever reason . maybe he was jealous of what and i had . maybe this actually was a psychopath serial killer trying to scare us . we also thought was dead . that was until we turned around the newspaper . there was a picture . there was a picture of holding a sign saying th be i t figure out where he was but i m going to find him . he s alive and i do everything in my power to find him . the only detail i in the picture was a white shirt right on the floor behind . i d it everywhere because my aunt had gifted me it . it was the shirt i lost that one summer night at the lake with . i for air as turned around to ask me what s wrong . i to cry . s my fault and not here t it ? if i to the note he t have gotten missing right ? if he t my ? if he t my ? if we never met in the first place ? all of this t have then . it s my fault . . think i m going mad . i need a cigarette . i m standing outside right now . i can t stand the thought of being in pain . i m have a drink . . you read you i q search him . . ami m sorry . i just woke up . i found the previous in my i probably thought i was writing it all down here . found me completely drunk and put me in bed . i m going to search for him today . he it . josh said as he and his ran past her and out the back door . we all day on i was and was . we to play in the until dinner time . all after that day when me and my sister decided to go in the . i don ' t know about this said i her because i myself was this idea . it was the middle of and nightfall came . let ' s go back now ! soon as i was ready to turn back . something caught my nose . the smell which smelled like rotten was a very smell i never smelled before . before me and my sister had time to register the smell we like that of a horse running full speed at us . i told to hide in a bush with me as home was five away . i covered my mouth and so that she t give away our location and so she ' t see whatever it is and gasp in fear . the thing got closer and closer and closer . when it was in eye view what i . saw still me to this day . it was a tar black creature with long as it past i seen no head or face as if it ' t have one . it had hair on its back spiky sharp hair it on but had four arms . for what ? what could an animal possibly need with four arms ? i said to myself . it can ' t see but it must have incredible hearing i thought to myself . my mother out of no where our and that if . we it then . . . . . . that that thing can hear as well . i t even fire a thought off before that thing faced the direction of my mother . it let out a scream before taking off in that direction . after it ran off towards the house i my sister . we ran towards the house in order to warn our . as we home we were confused to get out by our mother for being out too late . but she took it easy on us you two look like you seen a ghost said . as we rounded the corner for the i where is dad . she said he was outside doing yar . . . . as she to finish i past her . josh ! she my sister in close pursuit too i did not want that thing anyone as i open the front door i ' m not by dad but by red . my body was to blood was in the garden on the and . body spread across the yard like from a tree . my mother sister and me felt completely empty and dark . in that moment i would have rather the bloodcurdling scream from that creature than hear my mother and sister cry again . after everything was over the crying funeral and just despair throughout the . dad was our backbone and now he s gone . now it was up to me to step up and be the man of the house . finally we were able to get back to so what normalcy . the past of grieving i haven t seen or the creature . maybe it just was hungry and my dad just so happen to be in eyesight when it . few past and i come face to face with the most terrible and night in my life . after our mother put us to bed she to talk to her . so she went back downstairs to have tea and chat with her . me my sister felt that our mother would be safe if it were more than just her alone . around am i something downstairs a robber as so that ' s what i thought it was . whatever it was it had very hard and it almost like a horse i said to myself . it took before i and was overcome with intense fear . i quickly but yet oh so quietly told my sister to hide and i gently woke my mother up and told her to just hide and not make noise . as i under the bed with my sister i our mother scream . her scream nearly me my sister full speed from under the bed at that monster . i lay at everything going on thinking to myself if i were a coward . next thing i see is the spiky like hair stab into my stomach and multiply . killing my sister hair like out her body like a porcupine . after everything stopped i knew what . when i remove myself from under the bed i quickly check to see if reality in fact did strike . my mother ' t apart she herself maybe of shirr fear or she seen something that ' t of this world my sister was no where to be found . i remember seeing her die . i a trail of blood that was leading from upstairs to downstairs and out the back door . i the trail i can save someone from my family . i arrive at the edge of the trail only to find that thing devouring my body like it was a regular everyday meal . i saw it in its entirety . it was dark out but enough out to help me make out the creature . it to have and its foot just as sharp as it ' s finger . the thing was at least foot fall with a of maybe . i accidentally stepped on a branch the sound through the . i ran the i could in my entire life . as i ' m running towards the light i remember my family my life my future that thing . what would it do if it caught me ? i would end up like my family . the scream like of the damned . the house came into picture but the creature my leg . i to break free and barricade myself in the house i can hear it ' s and see it ' s mouth yes i saw it s mouth . later i see the sun rise and i feel a little relief but not lot . past and now i ' m living with my uncle i miss my family i think about them everyday . my uncle comes in my room to talk to me from time to time . some days go by and he comes in one day and that my attention . did it have a head ? he . i look at him confused but i knew exactly what he was talking about . yes why ? i quickly ask back . after that he went pale and his nervous and curious question turned into all out fear . he said that it ' s a very dangerous creature . in fear he decided to tell me the story about where the creature came from . it s a creature from ancient lore and it t be here he said . one day in maybe the ' s he said demon to make a sacrifice to fulfill a ritual in the very where you used to live . they had to use a living person in order to complete it . was the unfortunate man that day . but the that day were met evil to ingulf them in death . awoke was a demon he formed from body is one of the most dangerous and demon ever . of he is said to have a smell that close by . no head or face its mouth is on its stomach . it the size of a bus and it as sharp as a knife . it and apart its to increase its power . it the body of a horse and the sound is enough for your death i how my uncle knew of the creature he said because my family too was wipe out by such a thing . i cautiously and nervously him why he was still alive and how come he ' t yet . his response made my heart jump in my throat . what ' s the point the only way it will stop is if i die or it me . once you come in close contact with it you ' always be apart of it . the only way to defeat it is to somehow get it to in the sunlight . i left my that night to stay with my lovely . we been together for . i love her so much she all the stress out my life but not tonight as i ' m getting ready for bed as i m writing this she out loud . honey do you smell rotten ? flooding in early yesterday afternoon . deer elk and even smaller like and had been spotted from the valley in historic . the only known cause of such a mass migration was a forest fire but a thick fog hanging over the valley our from getting a good view of the forest . when the helicopter t get a visual they sent in me and two forest to check the area for or other potential of the disturbance . the fog covering the road made winding up the mountain pass in our rickety forest service jeep even more nerve . we d have for the to improve but the risk of a potential forest fire meant we had to act now . there s no way it was a fire said gripping the steering wheel tightly as he around another curve . what else could explain the animal migration ? i . he shook his head . i don t know but i mean just look out there . we re in the middle of the rainy season . it s so humid that the fog is still hanging around at he at his watch . am . fire just t fit . i out the window at the through the fog . was right but i supposed it t matter . either way we had a job to do . when off the side of the road we our equipment . a to track our location that checked the air for smoke and a can of bear spray each just in case . when we were ready we left the road behind and walking into the . the fog hung heavy in the air but soon the in tight enough that they blocked our vision instead . after a few of walking we across a game trail into the ground and following it instead . i my sensor out constantly for smoke . there was nothing . ahead of me as i the air in another direction for of a fire . when i turned to look at him he then do you hear that ? i listening hard . i did hear it . a scuttling sound came from our left like a cockroach on kitchen . a legged creature from behind a tree and ran towards us . brought his foot down hard on the creature with a wet crunch . when he his foot it exposed an absolutely massive spider . it must been over a foot in diameter . i knelt down examining the body closely . this is incredible i breathed . incredible that a spider the size of a dinner plate just tried to eat us ? still breathing hard . no incredible that a spider this big . were my specialty in college . the biggest in the world but i t think even grew this big . stood up and around . well that the migration . invasive spider species eating all the small the ecosystem it all . yeah sense . i got to my then shook my head . another invasive species . it had the potential to disrupt the entire food chain if it spread to other . i up at . we should still probably check to make sure there t a fire . in the keep an eye out for any or other . if we can identify exactly which species this is it help the plan for it . we continued into the forest stopping periodically to check for forest smoke . there was nothing of course . i was relatively sure we d found the answer to our riddle . when another slightly smaller spider ran away i for to follow me after it . i hoped it d lead us to a web or perhaps to a few of its . the spider around a thick mossy tree . i around the corner and came to a stop by a new sight . a black mass the size of a car was strung up in a web between the of the tree . the black mass writhed as the spider we d been chasing up the web and disturbed it . that s when i what i was seeing . it was maybe of the . they were all together in the tree similar to how baby clump together . you can watch this video to get a very small scale idea of what i mean . . watch ? v myncdqcruo oh . my . god whispered from behind me . we slowly backed up down the game trail as the mass of continued to uncoil . those i said . my mind t fathom what i was seeing . i understood the number of i understood the behavior of the . no what i t understand was something else . those are all i said . only baby clump up like that . turned to stare at me wide eyed . if these are the then where is the he off then we both turned to take off down the game trail in the other direction . i thought i coming from all around us so we t slow down until the end of the game trail . at his coat for the tracker so we could find our path back to the car . come on i . a thump from through the than we d before . another thump . they continued each time faster and closer . turned and ran through the . i close behind my adrenaline pushing me to keep up . we burst from the tree line and made it to the jeep . threw it into drive and heading down the road . i out my phone s camera and turned around taking a picture of the still foggy road behind us . this is the picture i took i . . wdqtu . re driving back right now . all i can say is if you live in the of western you should be aware there ' s something in the nearby . wife is amazing . she s been there for me in the very worst times of my life always with a set of encouraging . we out as and i d highly recommend that route for those of you looking for love . if you can call your significant other an without them throwing a fit you got a keeper . there s just one issue . it s her . most men in media are as a strained relationship with their in to be sure but this is different they were never outright cruel but they creep me out . it probably a lot do with my father in law s profession . . well . really . and he a pretty penny doing it too . you d be to learn the of that rich people spend their money on . it was the most recent visit over to their house that s really set me on edge though . i the driver side door of the and against the window with my face down staring at the concrete driveway . i was working myself up . i knew that as soon as we their home i d be with the dead of those . i could already feel my shirt collar beginning to cling to my neck from perspiration . it s going to be alright . you always . i felt the gentle hand of my wife brush the small of my back . i twisted around and . i know . you re right . they just i know . she said smiling . it s going to be fine . we the little sausage fat baby from the car seat in the back . there was a wide red mark running the length of his round face . he d fallen asleep hard and the on his skin as the perfect for his spittle . he to stir as i bobbing him slowly awake . hey little guy . being a dad still felt so alien . but i him . as the wife removed the diaper bag from the i could see her gray haired poke their raisin out of the front door . they waved us over and i taking hesitant up to the old ranch style house . we into the house and the smell around me nearly suffocating me . elderly dead skin my and i had to get out ! i sat next to my wife on the ancient couch sending up a puff of dust . i tried to cover my baby s face with my hand without anyone . i did not want him breathing in the ungodliness that was stuck in the of those couch . eggnog ? my mother in law elaine . of course . i forced a smile . as she handed me the crystalline glass i my son off to my wife and took a long slow sip of the thick white stuff . . good . i warily at her . whoever had made the eggnog had decided that a ratio of sixty percent alcohol was a good idea . i can t disagree . as i finished the glass off and sat it on the nearby table i felt better . it was swimmy and warm . the fireplace crackled and forced a jump out of me . you need to calm down . elaine my glass . thank you . i the glass for perhaps a minute before it was gone . strained his from the armchair and to the hallway looking over his shoulder . he spoke to me you help me out ? i knew what that . i had really wished i would not have to look in that room . i out my of course . as i stood i could feel my wife squeeze my hand reassuringly . when i down at her on the couch i could see that she was shooting me a look . you need to calm down said that look . i at her . i to follow her father as he down the hall . spoke without looking at me . got a new piece of wood down in the basement i need your help with it . i can t move it myself . i hope you don t mind . no i don t mind . i my jaw and i could hear the blood in my skull . throb . throb . throb . as he the basement door to the infinite blackness i grew dizzy . the alcohol in the eggnog was really doing its business . we made our way down the slowly . him lumbering ahead with me wavering behind . as he on the basement light i could see what he meant . there was a huge piece of what might have been driftwood . perhaps six in length . it had to have been two hundred . it did not occur to me to ask him how it was that he d gotten the thing in the basement in the first place . without much ado we squatted and momentarily fought to tilt it so that it would more easily shift up the to the ground floor . by the time we the top of the i could see my small family and elaine sitting near the fireplace unmoving cocked to watch the . after shutting the basement door we awkwardly towards the open doorway at the very end of the hall . i could see the just barely through the threshold . the was already springing up on my arms like mad . whoa there careful now said giving me a warm smile . there was something else there too . i could just make out that his expression was sending me telepathic . something along the of you better not put a hole in my wall . sorry . i felt small . s alright . we stepped into the room and we were surrounded on all sides by dead . that i see in my . that could put a spell on me . drawn from the of hell . the hung from every open space of wall and sat upon every possible surface . most of them were dressed in the attire of but some were more contemporary . a construction worker here . a businesswoman there . as we squatted to set the large piece of driftwood onto the floor it felt as though microscopic were boring their way into my flesh . i could feel them . this was easily the room in the whole house . it was s workshop . the floor was covered in sawdust and of paint . against the far wall was a with wood shaping . even if i did hate the i t help but admire his current project . it was a life size marionette and it that he d already out the for . i . the shape of the arms and the were impeccable . his handiwork was worth taking notice of i suppose . he settled onto his stool at his waving me over . he took up a foreign blade and shaving off a piece of the doll s arm forcing it to take the shape of a true to life human . it was an unsettling moment watching him do it . he at me . i thought for sure my made you uncomfortable . n no . i lied they re really quite something . from a certain angle . i guess . i was fidgeting and i could feel the heat coming off me again . i to fall out there in the floor right then and there with all of those on me . it felt like they were following my every micro expression . they were my . i was under extreme scrutiny . he . it s an really . it a lot of practice to get it just so he as he hit a specifically difficult piece of raised wood . relax . you are family . i m going to go and sit in the family room . he waved me off and i left that damnable room . as i returned to the den i settled onto the couch and elaine my glass of eggnog . you look so said the wrinkled old shrew . yeah added my wife are you alright ? she bobbed our little boy on her leg . he stupidly me over . for the of it felt as though he d had his with those of a long dead marionette . i blinked and my along my . i m fine . i two more glasses of eggnog as i put the out of my mind . the smell of the slow cooking roast through the home and i was getting wasted . the in the home grew long . our baby took up in an imaginary game crawling beneath the tree . elaine and my wife took up in chatting about this and that and i kept my full attention on the of the fireplace . worked continuously in his workshop . he always did that . he was always working . forever the artist i guess . something like that . my vision was growing blurry and i myself to the kitchen . the floor of the house beneath my . it was an old house . i down in front of the stove and the roast . i was beginning to get the drunk . it did look good . i found the punch bowl the eggnog and found the half empty bottle of whiskey sitting next to the bowl . i more of the liquor into it and then over my shoulder to be sure that no one would see me press my mouth to the edge of the bowl and lift it up . after my mouth i checked the amount of time left on the old school timer . i and to the living room again settling into the couch next to my wife . i wish they had a . i fell to sleep and was by the sound of the cooking timer . we to the kitchen helping elaine set the table . i felt warm and my of the were momentarily forgotten . as the kitchen his down the front of his carpenter s apron he us with a warm smile and carving the roast . the sound of and clinking against the beautiful white china filled the air and i ate ravenously . so me from the opposite side of the table . how s your little going ? i hard my ? yes you re little . the you write about . you know he waved his knife in a circular motion as though to accentuate his point . those little made up you put on paper . father ! said my wife . i put my hand on her knee to assure her that i d not been offended . i m sorry said . i at my mouth with the cloth napkin provided it s fine . they re fine . i . could be better . could be worse . he pointed his knife at me while that s because you produce fiction . you produce gross . his relaxed . i just wish someone would follow in my work . it would be nice to have another puppet maker in the family . you d be reality . he his glass against the table and snapped his at me . you d be something better than reality . i felt small all over again . his expression gave me that same sensation i d had in the doll room . i was under extreme scrutiny . i exposed my teeth sheepishly . we finished our meal in silence . i continued to drink . after in the family room my wife in passing while yawning i think we d better stay the night . i m too tired to drive home . and she twisted in her seat to look me over i don t think you re in any shape to drive . i wish she t right . elaine rose i make sure the guest room is ready for you two then . i think can break out your old crib for the little one . thank you mother . my wife tiredly into my while yawning again . i was shaking . i did not want to stay the night . i t even want to be in the house ! i stood no ! elaine and i can drive ! i stood and took a step forward and nearly over . elaine put her cold bony hand on my collarbone . don t be silly . you can leave in the morning . it be fine . i even let you use one of my weighted . it s very snugly . i sat on the couch and . time and as we dressed down in the guest room my wife out to grab my elbow after i settled our son into the old crib . he tiredly and was quick asleep . my wife whispered in my ear can you please stop acting so weird around my ? i m sorry ? i don t know why they make me so nervous . i can t put my finger on it . most men get nervous around their in right ? she my neck from behind as i down at our unmoving son in the crib . i guess . we bedded down and just as elaine had there was a nice fluffy weighted blanket waiting there for us . we folded it out and quickly entangled ourselves together beneath it . i tried the push my groin against her butt maneuver . she . not here . yeah yeah . i did it once more and quickly fell to sleep . i felt a set of grab for my in the bed and another set of pinned my down . i t make a sound . there was something over my mouth . i to scream . i to let the whole world know that her were finally going to be the death of me . my shot around in all and i could see that was quickly binding my arms to the bed . my wife was nowhere to be seen . elaine had my and no matter how hard i tried kicking her off i could not relinquish her grasp . her dug into my and i swear i could feel my warm thick blood begin to spring out in the bed . how are you doing with your little ? . i a muffled response but nothing came . they in the darkness and i could see the glint of their cold metallic teeth . then they fed on me . her on my and on my face . they dug into my flesh and the boiling hot pain shot through my body like electricity . i could do nothing in defense . i could not fight them off . i was going to die there in that bed . i knew it ! they to kill me . what had they done to my poor wife and child ? i tore my face from s and the ripping of my cheek muscle in his teeth made a sick sound . i whipped my head to peer into the threshold of the guest room . standing in the doorframe was my wife and she was holding our son rocking him back and forth . go back to sleep . go back to sleep . don t worry said my wife if you give in it be over all the sooner . she on the light and for the first time i could see the macabre mess of gore before me . her had already the majority of my body . i was little more than a set of with of sopping viscera soaking into the . i could not fathom how it was that i was still alive . my head rolled clear off my body with one swift snapping motion from s strong . he carried me through the house under one arm . i m going to make something that s better than reality you understand ? he said . given that i was no more than a head i could neither nod nor shake . he me to his and my head to a person sized marionette . he me with the and me around the room while standing atop his stool . all the while they maniacally at my misfortune . i as my arms and did of their own volition . or rather of his volition . i myself awake and the weighted blanket off of my sweating body . my white t shirt and clung to my body . i was in sweat still shaking from the nightmare . after a cursory glance i could see that the room was still dark . it was nighttime but both my wife and child were gone . after i at the edge of the bed to be sure that no lurker beneath would snatch my i hopped off the bed and to the open doorway leading into the hall . i could hear an old bing tune . was everyone else awake ? how strange . i down the hall . i a glass of water . i to calm down . as i came to the edge of the family room i could see they were there barely illuminated by the of the tree . and elaine in their my wife and child on the couch . my relaxed . i was being ridiculous of course . i them hesitantly . ah you decided to join us . twisted in his seat to catch me out of the corner of his eye . something was off . something just t right . the uncanny valley was screaming at me . i out for the light switch . come said join us in what is better than reality ! i the light switch on illuminating the awfulness veiled in the dark . my son hopped off the couch and running around in happy little . he t know how to walk . the extending from his body up towards the ceiling his every move . my wife s mouth open all wooden and painted . her shot from left to right as dead as the material they were made from . c mon honey ! her jaw sporadically . stood without exactly touching the ground . they were ! they were all ! i nearly voided my bowels on the spot . i . i felt the whole world spin around me . my shot to the door leading from the house . i and it open pelting down the driveway barefoot . i nearly stopped and dove into the but i had no pants . i t have the . within my moment s hesitation i over my shoulder and could see my in waving at me . come again ! as his wired body caught in the breeze like a . i will not be visiting them ever again . when i was six old all i for was a new red huffy bicycle . i wrote to right after making sure to give him extra time to get it for me . i did every chore my of me and i brushed my teeth every morning and night . i even gave the three and fifty two i d from clearing . barker s driveway the last time it had we only got a light dusting but she was a sweet old lady and let me use her broom to brush away the thin layer of that t already melted on their own . needless to say i was certain i was on the nice list and thus had that magnificent bike . when eve finally my mother made fish for her and my father but since i t like fish she let me have chicken instead . after dinner we on the couch to watch the colorful twinkling on our heavily decorated tree which had bowed slightly to the left side because when we put on the i kept them all in the one place i could reach . my mother read me the night before then we watched some bass until the of my grew heavy and i was ready for sleep . we put out a plate of chocolate chip and a glass of milk on a table near the fireplace for as well as some for his reindeer then i headed to bed . i was fast asleep from the moment my head hit my pillow of riding around on a new red huffy bike that i was so sure i d be getting the next morning . my slumber was interrupted when i was by a clatter causing me to wake up fully alert . i excitedly out of bed doing my best to be silent as i quickly crept towards the living room what i might see . when my head around the corner i nearly in delight a large man in a red coat and hat was looming over the table where we d left the . i could hear him as he the and down the milk . tiptoeing forward i stood at the edge of the room and said in wonderment ? the man whirled around knocking the table over when he did and causing the empty glass of milk to shatter when it hit the ground . now that i could see him better i was a bit by his appearance . his coat was covered in dirt and filth but i figured that was just due to him constantly going up and down all night . however his long white beard was fairly unkempt and there were of grime and of half throughout . his teeth and rotten several of them chipped or missing altogether . he around with wild until they finally found me and he to relax the of his mouth turning up into a grin . ah it s just you he said in a gruff voice that made the on my neck stand up . why t you in bed ? you don t want me to take back all these i brought you do you ? i m sorry i apologetically . i a noise and just to see if it was you . i guess t as silent tonight as he should been . he sat down on the edge of the fireplace and said why don t you come tell what you for and i make sure i got it right . i for some reason as if deep down i knew something was off . but this was it had to be . who else would come down the chimney and eaten the and drank the milk and left all those ? so i over to him trying not to let him see me wrinkle my nose when the stink from his clothes filled my . he his knee and said come sit on s lap and tell me . i onto his knee and it felt a bit damp . he let out a laugh but it t sound like the ho ho ho ! you d normally think would do . it was more like an overeager laugh that a cough halfway through and when he did this i was hit by his breath . um i i a new red huffy bike . remember ? oh of course ! he grinning wide enough that i could see just how many teeth he was actually missing . well have you been a good boy this year ? i think so i meekly . i did all my and to mommy and daddy and t cause any trouble . good good . then i believe you made the not naughty list this year my boy . why don t you go have a peek at your . you might just find one that suspiciously bike shaped . he me as he stood up and me back down on the ground then into the fireplace . he turned back towards me and said remember i see you when you re sleeping and i know when you re awake . i know when you been bad or good and if you been bad like your mommy and daddy will have to give you coal in your . you mean ? i but he just and to climb up the chimney moving like a spider as he . i him on the roof and then he was gone . i all the that were underneath the tree moving box after box aside as i for the bike but i t find one large enough that could it . disappointment set in but i tried to fight it back knowing i should be grateful for what had given me and not be greedy . i sat down on the couch and thought hard about what i could done to make not give me the bike and why he would told me there could be one there when he knew there t . i fell asleep while pondering this conundrum but i t dream of the red huffy this time . when i woke up again it was still fairly dark but i could see the first of dawn the starlit sky . i got off the couch to go use the bathroom but something caught my eye . it was hard to see at first but as i closer at where i d been sitting i there was a large rust colored spot staining the couch cushion . worried i would get in trouble i the cushion over and hoped my mother t notice . on my way to the bathroom i checked the clock and saw it was almost six in the morning . i figured my had gotten enough sleep so after i was done my bladder i made my way to their room to let them know it was morning and had a bounty of to us . i decided i t mention anything about the bike because i t want them to think i was acting like a spoiled brat . i at my bedroom and was a bit puzzled as to why their door was ajar as they d always kept it closed at night . i it the rest of the way open and rushed towards their bed . mommy ? daddy ? i out excitedly . it s ! when i got no response i leapt onto their bed and them in an attempt to wake them up . it s ! i repeated but i still got no answer . i the down the blast of cool air would do the trick but nothing . i my mother a bit harder this time and she rolled over onto her back . m m mommy ? ? i out and i could already feel the welling up and stinging my . mommy ! wake up ! please wake up ! i was only six but i knew almost right away that she t going to wake up . her chest was covered in blood and there was a large hole in the middle of it . i rolled my father over to find him bearing a similar wound . the thing that me the most though was their . they were staring at me with big shiny black . they d had coal stuffed into their eye . it was just like had said . i t know what to do so i just sat there with my for . i the phone ring several times but i t to answer the phone so i just let it keep ringing . when i saw a dim red light reflecting through the window and onto the ceiling for a brief moment i panicked thinking it was s nose and that had returned to give me coal as well . but the red was soon by blue and when i outside i saw an ambulance and a couple of police up to my house . it turned out that my aunt had been calling since we were supposed to go over there after we and when we t show up and nobody the phone she the police . they found me sitting amidst my and quickly carried me away trying to shield me from the horror of the scene but the damage had already been done . everything after that was a blur of people to make sure i was and talking to me about what . i told them about and how he lied to be about the red huffy bike . they brought me over to the garage and me that the bicycle i d been about was sitting there with a giant bow wrapped around the . i had that bike so bad that i knew i should been happy but i just felt nothing . my aunt ended up taking me in and raised me alongside my . she was good to me as close to a mother as she could be but i still thought of my real every night before i fell asleep . i tried so hard to remember her laughing and smiling hugging me and kissing my forehead before bed . but the only image of her that ever into my mind was of her lying there staring at me with those big coal . they never caught the man that my and i wonder about his last to me . i worry that one day i see again and that will be the last thing i see with my own . xb this past my great aunt carter in her sleep at the age of ninety . her heart and had been failing her for a while and she was in a poor state so her death ' t all that shocking still it was sad and i had a lump in my throat when i went to her house with my mother and to sort through her . while poking around the attic i found an old book with a cracked leather cover . upon opening it i discovered it was a photo album filled with black and white of what to be an old time circus freak show . people missing and fat ladies across the stage often wearing flamboyant . among them i a teenage girl who aunt in her youth except she had what to be a tiny doll sticking out of her chest . i went back downstairs and found my in the living room the many in ' s living room . " you have some explaining to do " i said her the photo album . " what ' s this all about ? " a light of recognition in her deep set blue . " oh . did we never tell you ? " " tell me what ? was aunt in a freak show ? " my head was spinning like an out of control amusement park ride . i knew had been a professional dancer and that she ' d begun at an early age but i ' d never known she had a parasitic twin and was in a freak show . " i don ' t get it i ' m almost twenty and just learning about this now ? " i was incredulous and in shock . " sit down honey " my . " i ' make some tea . " i sat down on the couch and . it like an hour before my finally came back in with a tea tray . she handed me a steaming cup and . " your aunt was born with a parasitic twin attached at her breastbone . the twin was tiny but perfectly formed her head inside . with four to support her decided to have her . " " that ' s terrible ! " " it ' t to exploit her " my . " they the extra money . besides during ' s time there ' t many for those who were disabled or deformed in some way . " i still ' t comprehend how anyone could be with turning their own child into an attraction but i ' t know what to say so i took a sip of the hot sugary tea and . " when was a baby her would allow townspeople to come into their home and peer at her for a price of ten . very popular and when she was five she was by a touring freak show known as . ' s human . " under the stage name " big and little . " she would sing and dance for the and they all thought she was adorable . she soon one of ' s most popular . " " well at least she was successful " i . " yes . she it for the most part anyway . " my . " of course there were many . . was an insane abusive man who his as rather than people and had no against throwing them under the bus or them for his own personal gain . he had no respect for their dignity . was marginally better as she was his but she still a lot of cruelty at . ' s hand . " when was sixteen she very ill . her heart was under strain from blood through both her and little and it clear that if she ' t removed might die . " i cupped my hand over my mouth . " that ' s awful . " " yes " my agreed with a nod . " it was . would lose more than just her sister she would also lose her livelihood her career . when . the news he hit the roof . he that was his star attraction and how could she abandon the show after he ' d worked so hard to build her a career ? never mind that poor was dying . " " what an " i and for once my ' t correct me on my language . " this is where get ugly . " my bit her lip staring down into her cup . " on the day before her surgery was to take place was found lying unconscious in her bed covered in blood . it someone had given her a high dose of cut little off at the neck and crudely sewn the wound shut . had to reopen it so they could remove little ' s head . that same day . town leaving no trace . police that he had somehow snuck into the hospital and little himself so he could keep her as some sort of sick prize . " i nearly spat out the sip of tea i ' d just taken . " that ' s disgusting ! " " to put it lightly . and went on to marry and build a career as a dance teacher which you already know . but she was so by the experience she to talk about it and she ' t want her and grand to know . " " but what about . ? " i . " did they ever find him ? " " no but four after the initial crime the body of a young woman ' s age was found in a ditch on the of . she had of sepsis . but most shocking was the tiny headless body that had been sewn to her chest . " my heart sank to my stomach as hard and heavy as a stone . " inside her dress were an old poster advertising big and little and . ' s business card . " xb the s an arrogant prick but he can kick flip like a pro . i should know he s been doing it for the past hour and a half inside the interview room and every time i tell him to stop he me to shove it . let me rewind a second my name s lewis . constable lewis . i m a police officer here in sleepy angel . i m currently doing my best attempt at thirteen year old mike and the he s saying are either a nonsense to make me look stupid when i present my report to my boss or b actual in which case this town is truly thoroughly . in angel is sort of a sacred holiday . sure we have easter and thanksgiving and and national hot dog day but nothing our blood running quite like glowing of eggnog and some good old fashioned holiday cheer . the trouble is this t been great so far . you see last night partridge s head was found atop a pear tree in his own front yard . for those of you who are familiar with that is both grotesque and and a major blight on an otherwise finely decorated tree . now we got of missing too . a lot of missing . one lady said she a crash in her daughter s bedroom and by the time she got to the doorway all she found was an unmade bed a few fingernail on the window sill and a pile of . that me to now . mike in here about two ago with his in tow and said he to talk to the chief of police . our receptionist what the issue was and he said there s a bunch of flying around and he somebody to look into it . the chief was on the way out the door after a grueling day of work so i was instead to take his statement . yo did you see that ? mike succeeding in his tenth consecutive . yes i say . are you ready to talk about what you seen yet ? i already told you was . i need to talk to the chief . it ' s personal . another . dude you should record this ! no thanks . " i sit up straight in my chair a tone of authority . " i ' already told you the chief is taking a small amount of time to recharge his . its been an exceptionally grueling and tragic day due to the murder . " " i know but " " whatever it is you want to tell him you can forward it through me . he ' hear it as soon as he wakes up . " something about living in a free country and then up his board and down in the chair across my desk . " now then . " i clear my throat and ready my on the keyboard . you seeing ? yep he perking up . i saw like five of them . five of them ? five ? he his head . five . five would be insane . " i suppose you ' re right . how many were there then ? two . one mutant carried three the other one carried two . " he up his face in thought . " i don t know if that was because it was lazy or just . actually maybe it was the leader so it had to do less work . my tap at my keyboard recording his statement . as i write the maybe it was the leader so it had to do less work i distinctly feel a piece of my soul catch fire and burn to ash . would you be so kind as to describe the for me ? yeah they were like ? but too . i give him a few to expand on it but he t . i sigh rubbing my forehead . but too . . . i type it into the report . are there any other you can provide ? size ? type of bird ? type of reptile ? " i roll my . " favorite colour ? they were like part turtle part dove ? they were about the size of an average dude so a bit bigger than you . " my jaw . " they had on their too and like but they t have any sweet or anything . oh and the were more like . " " alright " i say through teeth . " so like but not really more like . " my voice is thick with impatience but if he he ' t care . " yeah . also they had these huge like beastly and massive . he his arms and does a motion . plus their extra deadly . at this point i figure mike is either a very actor or high on some combination of . " is that everything ? " he . " oh ! wait . you to know their favorite colour too right ? " i open my mouth and find there are literally no . he taps a finger on his chin and for a moment . when he again it ' s with a measured seriousness . i d say . . . green probably since they ' re part turtle or whatever . for the record though that ' s a guess with a capital g . i don ' t want to go to jail for perjury . " sure " i mutter up his verbatim into the report . i find myself wondering whether or not i still have a job when i present this to the chief . did you recognize any of the that the ? i think so . i ' m almost positive i saw jeff s little brother . like percent . session ? yeah that s right . " he ' s actually been as missing . " i narrow my at mike and wonder whether or not i m being for a fool here . i strongly suspect i am but at the same time i m a bit low on the totem pole to be throwing out witness . describe the event as you saw it . he a breath the chair s and me straight in the . you ready for this ? lay it on me dude i say sarcastically . alright so me and jeff are out skating at am on a school night ? it s he as though it s the most obvious thing in the world . did you even go to school ? i i stop myself from and probably save my job in the process . please continue . alright . so yeah jeff and i are ripping at the mall . he just got a new deck and he that s make him better than me at skating . i m like what ? maybe if it was a . you skate like my grandpa . i m sorry " i say planting my face in my . " how is that even an insult ? mike blinks . my grandpa s dead so he can t snore . jeff can t skate either . i sigh feeling like a dick . i m sorry for your loss . it s cool . anyway while i m in the middle of showing jeff which side of the we hear this crazy screech . like ear splitting . the two of us look up and we see these flying through the sky and they got two in each of their . jeff " what the ! " and the start squawking like crazy . " " squawking like crazy " i mumble as i fill in the . " honestly it was pretty annoying . then the start shouting at us like dude we re being please help us ! and jeff is like mike we should do something i hate to ask but is this a joke ? a joke ? why would i joke about ? a part of me is screaming inside because there really are out there and this is time i could better spend searching for them . somehow though i restrain myself . it just a bit outlandish particularly when you don t have any evidence . dude what the hell ? you never for evidence . the into his pocket and out his through a couple of and then showing it to me . check it . he play and i see two mutant turtle flying through the air with a in each of their . i blink rubbing my and grab the phone from his grip . the have two one in each talon and they re squawking an unholy into the sleepy night . i look up at mike . you t . holy crap ! no he reaching for his phone . i pull it away from him . on you said you saw five . i only count four . well you haven t seen the whole video yet have you ? " i look back to the screen and now mike and jeff are chasing the away from the mall all the way down street . they re running past ornately decorated dressed beautifully in splendid cheer and glowing . dude ! jeff in the video . my house is around the corner i m tell my ! don t be a bitch ! mike back . i look up at real life mike frowning . he . holy crap ! jeff in the video . i turn my attention back to it and see jeff several from mike presumably in front of his own house . his is shouting at him about being out way past his curfew and he ' s screaming at her about . she him by his arm and dragging him literally kicking and screaming inside . " ! " he helplessly . " don ' t you dare wake up the neighborhood with that nonsense ! " she snaps . " you ' have plenty of time to write these silly while you ' re grounded over the . " there s a sound and the camera quickly to the side . the view and i see my mike s face on the screen . holy ! he . the screen back around in and i see a mutant turtle dove climbing out of the back window of jeff s house . it to have a young boy in its beak . " jeff ! " mike running toward him . " your brother ' s getting ! " way to go " jeff . " the just stole ! the video . i stare at the phone my mind and my heart pounding . this is a practical joke . it to be . there s simply no way that what i just saw could possibly be real . is there ? there s a knock on the door and i get up and open it . it s the receptionist sally . " she . " there s something you need to see . sally i m in the middle of something . i gesture silently to mike . he . no she . " i need you to see this now . i think it ' s an emergency . i heave a sigh wondering what else could possibly go wrong today . just a moment i tell mike before the door and following sally to her desk . she s got a video open on her monitor and play . it s the police chief . great i say laughing incredulously . is this part of the joke ? because if it is i give you credit " ! sally smacking my arm . watch . i do . it s a dimly lit video . a bit of a downer for the season really . the chief exhausted his grey hair all ruffled and his face covered in sweat . there ' s a red mark on his cheek that ' t there this morning . is that a cut ? probably just a trick of the light . talk a deep computer voice . tell angel what you just told me . the chief and i notice his tiny are bloodshot and his bottom lip is quivering . despite the dimness of the video it s apparent that there really is a cut on his cheek . it like it s still bleeding . like it s fresh . what is this ? i ask sally beginning to feel quite put off . if this is their idea of a joke i no part of it . just watch ! she and there s welling in her . i look back to the video . the chief is breathing heavily . each breath sounding . painful . he ' s still wearing his uniform but its been torn around the . i chief " he in a voice . " of the angel police department will be tonight . ? i mutter . this video was certainly an odd way to a career . sing the song the digital voice . sing it ! he s or at least it a cough at first but then i see it for what it really is a sob . holy . chief is sobbing . i never seen the man so much as shed a tear . on the first day of my true love sent to me " he before his voice . " please i can t . you don t have to do this . sing it ! the voice bellows . something quickly at the chief ' s face and another cut on his cheek . fresh blood down his jaw . " he wincing . " lord help me i ' sing the song . " he his throat . " on the first day of my true love sent to me a partridge in a pear tree . on the second day of my true love sent to me . . . he out a sob . two turtle and and a partridge in a pear tree . something him again from but it ' s so quick it ' s hard to say what i ' m even looking at . it almost a beak . then it again . and again . and now the chief s face is in red . he his mouth wordlessly and the computer voice over him . " end it . " another stab with a beak this one firmly itself in his temple . when it itself free blood like a fountain and the chief ' s body forward with a dull thud . the video is silent for a moment and myself and sally are both too to speak . then a sound from the computer screen . soft at first then and . it ' s the computer voice from . it ' s laughing . . " merry angel " it . " only ten days left to go . " as the video out i see one of the from mike s phone . it into view and its face into the camera before a terrifying squawk . what the hell is that ? sally in her . she a finger accusingly at the now stopped video . " i need to know what i just watched ! i need to know what that . . . that thing was ! " i look at her mouth agape in horror . the word is on my but it simultaneously too insane and too frightening to speak . that thing is um it ' s a mutant . like a turtle except evil or whatever . i wheel around and see mike leaning on the wall behind us eating a chocolate bar . this is what i was trying to warn you about " he nonchalantly . " i one of them about chief of police ! chief of police ! so i figured i d come by and let you know . he another bite it slowly . but i guess you t think it was important enough xb bbdonsenlightenment . what is it exactly ? is it reaching a higher plain of existence ? diving into your subconscious and finding your true self ? is it finding to that have even the best in history ? or is it finding to no human was ever meant to ask ? i was not a superstitious person . i always that everything had a rational explanation . that even the most baffling phenomenon ever by is just science we have yet to document and explain . i have a lot of who are superstitious . most of them always about unexplained and how they were by supernatural phenomena . i of course that there was a scientific explanation to each one of those . we always got into and while i made rational i would always lose because of the majority vote . anyway i m getting off topic . so one of those was adamant in making me believe in the paranormal . she was the one who got me into meditation and other spiritual . while i had to admit that they had positive health i did not believe that i connected to some higher dimension . seeing as how i was still a skeptic she decided to try one more thing out of body at the idea and decided to just stop this nonsense . but seeing as she was super excited about this i went along with it not wanting to break our friendship . i was on my bed lying on my back while she me through it . before i knew it i felt a gust of air by a sense of weightlessness like going down a . i my and i was almost touching the ceiling . i turned back to see my body motionless but fresh like a recently dead corpse . i panicked trying to float back to my body . however before i could reach it i felt another gust of air by the same weightlessness feeling . i awoke surprisingly calm despite my ordeal . so how was it ? she with a smile . um scary . but fun . i . cool she said so now do you believe ? she eh i . she t look happy about that . whatever she said i give up as she left she said now that you got the of it you can do it yourself . but don t overdo it . though i was still not convinced of the existence of the paranormal i got hooked with the out of body experience . over the next week i would search for meditation on and whenever i could floating around my house and occasionally outside of it . from my obsession i was eventually to binaural . it s when your right and left ear receive two different on two different yet your brain it as one . though it was a good way to achieve good sleep and meditation it t serve as an effective method of projecting out of your body . that was until i came across the channel alpha . the first time i saw it i at how corny one can make a channel title . however the were the real deal . they were like the other binaural on cool background . however the were a little different maybe on a different frequency . it t on the . but whatever it was it was the real deal . in addition to my obsession it also me do a lot better in my work and my social life . life t get any better . however that s when to get weird . a few days after i i to notice odd and whenever i astral . and i always felt a feeling of being watched . i just it off thinking that i was just seeing and being paranoid . but that t the end of it . at work while talking to my they would often use of a language i t understand . a language that sent down my spine . when i pointed it out they would look at me weird and ask me if i was . i t think much of it and decided to stop the binaural therapy for a while thinking that it might be some effects on my brain or something . sure enough just went back to normal . i decided not to touch it for a while until one day i went on and saw a new video by alpha . it read binaural to help you reach enlightenment . though i resolved to not touch it for a while i gave into addiction went to bed put on my and play . oh how i wish i to the angel on my shoulder . as i closed my i felt a gust of wind by the same upward pull i was used to . however rather than stop at the ceiling i was swept beyond it beyond the sky and beyond the blackness of space . i felt like i was on the in the universe . i saw a white circle in the distance . my were floating inside me as i was into the white and landed face first onto a rocky ground . though i into the ground with great momentum i t feel any pain heck i t even have any wounds . the ground also no of cracking from my impact . i up and my surroundings . i was on a hill which a sprawling city in the distance . the sky was dark and the whole place was covered by a thin puke green mist . the hill was massive about in height . the city had towering that up to the sky each monolith had a set of seven bluish purple around them . holy i what the ? i was both and confused . there s no way something like this could be through binaural . was i high ? did someone spike the coffee i had this afternoon ? a million flooded my mind but were quickly blown away by an ear piercing roar being me . i turned around . and what i saw made me lose all motor . behind me was a giant mass of that was even bigger than the hill i was on . it on the surface making wet sloppy as it did . as it it went right over the and in its way . it had no mouth or anything that could suggest that it could make sound yet i knew that only a beast like this could make such a horrible sound . it t exactly behind me rather it was a few hundred to the right . so it past me without so much as to my puny existence . as i to the front i saw more some bigger than the large monstrosity that i saw before and even more . there was a humanoid that had six crab like arms and was so massive that i t even make out it s head which to reach to the and beyond a large grey eagle like creature with a spider head and eight bird like which were the same sickly grey as it s a turquoise colored humanoid with no visible except for a mouth with serrated teeth that ran down vertically from it s head to the bottom of it s torso . there were but i t comprehend them . it t stop there as the sun set on this world it was by a giant eyeball for a moon . it s iris was an amalgamation of colors both beautiful and terrifying . and it was looking right at me . like it knew i was there . like it only on me specifically on my meaningless existence . i was unable to move this would end . that i would go back to my body and continue on with my mundane life and write this off as a bad dream or some trip or something . but i knew that would never happen . this was real . i was in a place that was not meant to be seen by . a higher realm . the eye produced smaller attached to it by long across its circumference all looking at me . they cast down a beam of bright blue light on me . as the light hit me i felt a sense of wisdom and enlightenment like i had never felt before . i found to that i never even thought of saw so small that one might think that they t exist . i t want it to end the knowledge the power heaven and hell i knew everything . i saw how minuscule our existence was in comparison to the rest of the universe . eventually i was away and woke up on my bed sweating profusely . i touched myself my face my arms my torso . and then i . i and until my head hurt and fatigue took over and i fell asleep . i woke up to angry from my boss who to know why i t come to work . apparently i had slept the entire next day . i told him to shove it and decided to get some fresh air . he can fire me if he . i don t care . not . i go outside feeling the chill of the early morning air . the are chirping the of the surrounding are off and the fresh scent of the in the park nearby prompt me to go sit on a bench and take a smoke . i m writing this now as i see the sun rising turning the sky a bright orange as it slowly the darkness of the night . i just checked for alpha and found that the search ' t bring up anything . the channel is gone . along with its trove of knowledge . you can tell me that it was a hallucination that it t real . but i know better . i know that what i just uncovered is the answer to every single question in the universe . i m not writing this as a warning or anything . quite the opposite actually . i have seen both awesome and terrifying . and now that i have enlightenment i see how pathetic we are . how little we know . that s why i will leave this here and tell you that if you find a channel alpha please listen to the . and thank you for helping me reach enlightenment . this journal was found in x park next to the dead body of a a year old man who was said to have had a history of schizophrenia by his work and . the police are still searching for the person in the entry of which no one from a s social circle is aware of . the cause of death was blood loss via a slit throat . the channel alpha not been found as of the of the journal contents . the contents of this journal were authorized to be by the government under the agreement that certain content was to be from the version of the journal . i stood on a shore watching wind crash at my . the sand sea and sky to infinity the only the roaring water and howling gale . caught in my hair and the taste of salt my . the heavy of storm laden hung overhead the light dull and listless as lichen on a gravestone . on the horizon something from the steel colored sea . i squinted to discern its nature to no avail . i d have to get closer . my bare sank into the damp sand and i braced for the touch of chilled water . it was colder than winter and just as dark creeping into my clothes and reaching for my with every step i took . i was about waist deep when i felt the first curl around my ankle . i back trying to shake the rotting knuckle but they grinding together as they my flesh . more shot from the sandy grasping at my clothes my . arms stripped of sinew burst from the tangling in my hair and at my throat as they forced me down . i turned to look at the shore just away only for the of the dead to pull me under . salt water stung my and flooded my nose . in the murky water algae with empty . they me in a lover s embrace pinning my arms and as i desperately fought for the surface . above the light until there was nothing but murk and cold and weight . this is only a dream i thought and my mouth to breathe . instead water rushed in choking and freezing my chest as it filled my . i without sound my vision white in panic . it s only a dream i thought . my arms and stopped and i down made heavy by my graveyard . below was cavernous darkness intent on me . it s only a dream ! wake up ! wake up ! i awake my heart pounding . as i desperately for air my stomach . leaning over the side of the bed i my body long after i was empty . the soaked carpet stank of brine salt and bile coated my tongue . exhausted i back onto the bed sweat my hair . i at the ceiling as my breathing to a normal pace . so he s gotten tired of waiting i said . the empty house t reply but i knew i d get an answer soon enough . the next night i found myself on the same shore staring at the open ocean . this time i sat down where i was and . to pass . the dampness of the sand seeped into my dress giving me while the wind my hair into impossible . but my patience was . gradually the further and further away revealing more of the shore . on the horizon the strange jutting shape grew fuller the water like an unwound bobbin until the shape s full distorted were in view . satisfied that the path was clear i rose off the clinging sand as best i could and made my way out . the horizon catching on my until i was forced to look down and mark my progress by flotsam and jetsam alone . rotten from the sand like . several fish lay gasping in shallow their wide desperate . a single jellyfish gelatinous and stinking . in the distance the shape rose its with every step . it was the hull of a ship covered in the sea s refuse . cut into the gray sky like the water logged hull swelling like . at the prow there rose the remains of a figurehead the carving eaten away by salt and time . clustered in its hair like a crown and beneath its pitted body a large black hole to the ship s interior . i stepped inside . diffused sunlight through in the hull offering dull gray illumination . at the center of the ship lay a pile of and broken reaching a good ten into the air . atop them rose a throne of driftwood iron and and upon it sat a being more skeleton than man . its head hung down resting on the skull crested arms of its throne . at the wet sucking sound of my it up . a face half skull half flesh down its eye clouded as it me . its were by a chain ran from an iron collar around its neck to the throne base the links fat as and heavy as sin . the creature s eye as it me its jaw open to emit a rusty laugh revealing a worm eaten tongue and teeth . it said raising a hand in welcome . at last ! i if you d ever find your way here . i stood before it dispassionately its pitiful state . i emotion to swamp me but it never . hi daddy . it again what would been a booming laugh in a living man but was now iron scraping a wooden plank . that s rich it said . tell me do you know where we are ? of course i said . i m the one who put you here after all . that you did . and look how you are of it . the creature from its throne until the chain taut the metal screeching in protest . you made a deal daughter of mine and he up his end . now it s time for you to make good on yours . it to laugh the sound off the cavernous hull undulating as though under water . more the of the the damned those who came before and were unable to escape their own . i had what i came for . when i forced myself awake light through my window . i rose unsteadily then knelt by my bed and out the suitcase i kept beneath and ready for such a day . truthfully i t any warning i d assumed that one day he d simply appear and collect his payment before i had a chance to protest . but i supposed old are bound to some degree of decorum . or perhaps he t reach me any other way . after all i haven t been idle these past ten . i studied the the most ancient . with ingenuity born of pure desperation i to erect a few . nothing that would stop him forever of course just enough to buy me time . so that when we meet it will be on my . it was my thirteenth birthday and my father had to take me fishing . we got to the lake in the early morning mist still rising off the surrounding . my father had a tough time taking the boat down from the car roof . by the time he d gotten it loose he was in a foul mood . hurry your ass up ! i want to get out on the damn lake before it hot ! he the canoe over his shoulder the whole way down the path . i behind carrying our gear . my knee t quite working right locking up unexpectedly and constantly aching . there was a large bruise all down my shin from when my father me down the the night before . despite my father s griping the lake t far . within half an hour my father was rowing us onto the gently undulating water with every stroke . when he us at a good spot we our cast our and . we t been there five before my father cracked open the cooler and a beer . when he was finished he crumpled the can in his fist and it into the lake then another . i t actually a fan of fishing this entire endeavor was my father s idea but i did like sitting on the lake . as the sun rose it caught the turning the lake into a faceted jewel . the air was cool and crisp and all around us with the low whistle of wind and the wet of water against our boat . i was happy enough to watch the water glitter . as i did so something beneath the surface so quick i only caught a glimpse . confused and i forward staring into the . ! your pole ! with a start i my reel was spinning . the rod in my . you got a bite ! my dad . don t just sit there retard reel it in ! i did my best to obey fighting with the fish as my father and shook his half empty can of beer . after a few the line went slack when i finally finished in the hook and bait were both gone . oh just great ! said my father ripping the pole from my . you snapped the line you stupid bitch ! i down at my afraid to move . i m sorry daddy . like you re sorry these don t grow on you know ! i still as my father muttering under his breath into the for a new lure and hook . just then something the bottom of the boat hard enough to send us rocking . my father up his beer fogged squinting . what was that ? i said nothing and sat still . the boat again sending my father stumbling . there it is again ! what is it ? he his free hand on the side of the boat and over the side searching the water . i said nothing and sat very very still . the boat bucking like a ship in the middle of a hurricane . i onto the sides and braced my steeling myself to remain aboard . my father caught in his lean tumbled over . the rocking stopped abruptly leaving me panting and shaking . the lake was calm the breeze refreshing the bird as friendly as ever . very carefully i pried my from the sides of the craft leaving red where the plastic had bitten into my skin . inch by inch i made my way to the side and over . the were . i tried to look but the sun s glare made it impossible . just as i was about to give up the water suddenly exploded . my father came up gasping and thrashing . i fell back knocking my elbow . my father to get of the side tipping us dangerous but t pull himself up . instead he for me . ! there s something something down there ! at first i t know what was wrong with his voice . then i he was crying something i d never seen him do . it it got me it got me my leg s hurt pretty bad . i need you to pull me in ! come on be a good girl and pull daddy in ! rubbing my elbow i crouched and at him . it was strange to look down i was always the one below the one and begging . i the unfamiliar feeling like a new flavor i found i rather it . my father never one to miss a chance to anger grew red at my inaction . it ! i m bleeding ! i need help come on help me you stupid bitch ! i watched him and floundering and which would be a worse death to slowly drip your life away or to breathe it gone in one gulp ? yes daddy . i edged to the and through until i found my father s pocket knife . my father t take care of most but he always himself on keeping a sharp blade . knife in hand i turned to my father . what are you doing ? very carefully i lined up the blade with his then into his . what the ? what the are you doing i the blade into his flesh as hard as i could my hand shaking with the effort . blood from the cut dripping like molasses over his and the back of his hand . he . what the you bitch ! i kill you ! i kill you for this you little c he his good hand from the boat and made to bat me away but something below the surface . he gave a little squeal and sank his head barely above water . he made to grab for the side again but t reach . i said nothing and sat still watching . it s got me . . . he so wide i could see white all the way around his . it s got me . . . help me . . . i my knife gleaming and slick in the morning sun and got to work on his once again . my father cried softly as i hacked away crunching through and until he could hold no more and his limp hand slipped . in a flash of sun glare he was under the lake the only a few red . then all was calm . i the pocketknife in the lake then sat back my father s blood straining my and shirt . the lake was so beautiful in the morning and i drank it in fixing the scene in my memory . that was how other found me a few later drifting alone sitting still and saying nothing . i wonder if he d been waiting for someone like me or it was just a whim of his something to pass the long he d spent in the deep . that s the thing most people don t know about they get . and when they get they get cruel . when i saw him beneath the that day he had the form of a dark horse mane floating among the scattered teeth white as bone . he touched my mind and without a deal he would rid me of my tormentor for good and in return i would be in his debt . one day he would come to collect . of course i instantly agreed . how could i not ? i was a child alone and afraid . i would said yes to anything if it meant being free . i set my duffel bag in the trunk and close the lid . no one else in the neighborhood is stirring yet the cutter dark eyed and still . it s so early the sky is barely pink but i can already feel the summer heat . i to the southwest ago the desolate climate would offer me some protection . as far as i know it but now that he s actively seeking me it won t be enough . even a puddle may act as a conduit for his power . it s time for . soon i will climb into the driver s seat of my wrangler start the engine and back out of my driveway for the last time . over the i learned a thing or two . for example if you can t avoid a confrontation you want to have it on your . and i had ten to decide exactly what that . whatever it be in the dry dust of a desert where the very air with heat . this time i have more than a pocket knife . this time i m more than a frightened little girl . i am through sitting still . i am through with saying nothing . this time i will take my freedom with my own two bloody . i ' m beyond right now and it like i have nowhere else to turn to but here . for the last couple of my little sister and i have been at home by ourselves . our were supposed to be home about a week ago but we haven ' t from either of them since their third or fourth day out in cripple creek colorado . i was on the phone with my when she suddenly cut out . i haven ' t been able to contact her since . i tried either her phone or my dad ' s it would go straight to their . this was unlike them and it me so worried . i hope they ' re . aside from my constant stress over the two of them and i have been some strange phenomena here at our home in the dinky town of conifer colorado . these off small you ' d put something in one place and it would end up in another or you would occasionally see something like a fork or a cup seemingly move itself across the dinner table or the . eventually the strange activity not only in frequency but intensity as well . just a few ago that ' s the nickname our family used for her practically since the day she was born was alone in her bedroom with her new frozen and anna . at least . . . i assumed that she was alone . this assumption only a few short before i what like she was talking to . . . something or someone else . then the voice of a little girl i did not recognize to ' s . i was absolutely . i knew that she ' t have any of her over because it ' s just been the two of us so who the was that ? i was in the living room when this but ' s room was just across the way and she always left her door open unless she was sleeping or getting . rising from where i was on the couch i across the living room to her bedroom . as i did i that same little girl ' s voice say something along the of " oh no . that ' s your sister ' t it ? i have to go bye bye . she might not like me . " a chill ran down my spine and the air felt heavy almost as if something was making it weigh a ton . i stood in the doorway and my head as at me " who were you talking to ? " i her that the confusion ' t evident in the tone of my voice . " ? " she said " oh that was just sammy ! she comes from my closet to visit me sometimes . " her response was a bit too nonchalant for my liking . that alone sent another shiver down my spine . her demeanor felt off almost like she ' t at all of the ghost girl that apparently in her closet . " and . . . just who is sammy ? " i . i to make sure that this " sammy " was friendly and not going to hurt anybody . " is she a nice friend ? " almost immediately after that inquiry left my the closet door slowly open and the made such a deafening squeal that it almost made me flinch . this was by soft that to me but to understand whatever it was perfectly . " sammy that she would answer your question but she ' s afraid of you . she that you won ' t like her being my friend . " she stopped with her and at me with these serious intense this was a normal expression she always when she was passionate about something . i was absolutely by her . they were just something that i ' t exactly her to say . i and stepped fully into her room to seat myself next to her " why does sammy think that ? i mean if she ' s nice to you i have no with her . " i gave a smile . once more those same were in the room but again i could not understand a single word that was being said . it made it even more that was nodding her head along with whatever was being whispered in her ear . i was mildly that she was keeping me from understanding what was being said . " she it ' s because of the aura you r . . . . . . radiate . " she her " whatever that . " i my . sammy must have felt that way because of me being a as well being adept when it comes to the supernatural . if she ' t like me then that that my protection spell over the both of us is working but it ' t explain why she so much . after all should be the same aura that i am . my only guess to it is because she ' s a ten year old child who ' t know any better and i ' m nineteen with an actual brain in my skull . nevertheless i still along with sammy " you don ' t have to be afraid of me sammy . i promise that i won ' t hurt you . " i was partially when i said those . i have no clue what " sammy " is and i ' m not sure that i trust her . " sammy that she you . for now . " there was a long harrowing pause . " but she also that you ' t going to like her if she out that you ' re lying . " i over at the closet door . when i did my heart about stopped beating . there were these beady little red that back at me . whatever sammy is she ' t going to be very friendly toward me . i my in return staring into hers for what felt like an eternity . then they and went back to giggling and with her . i gave her a gentle kiss on the top of her head before i came back to a stand and left her room . it ' s been since that . and i still can ' t shake the feeling of those damn staring into my soul . the air but sammy ' t done anything to yet . . . so i guess all i can do right now is just . . . wait . it ' s getting late anyway . i should try and get some sleep but i ' m doubtful that that ' s going to happen . i ' probably be on later . . . there ' s a lot more that ' s since our left for cripple creek . take care everyone . thanks for me vent to you . i had read of healthy and dogs to be sick and had never thought my cat would mimic them . i wished snow white had done that only for trolling me and a trip in the city . if my haughty snow white ' t me i ' t have been able to write this . or holding my phone now . this early morning snow white tired and unwell so i took him to the vet only to find out that he was to be sick . not the first time that cunning little prince had me . he had to fool two . after his little scheme was exposed snow white left the vet ' s clinic like a boss not some patient cat . nice try snow white . snow white beheld the city from a car i was driving . just wandering around there . after finishing my shopping list i had coffee in my car while my kitty . then i my fluffy snow white home . before i the car door my kitty left his cat bed and on my lap . snow white staring at me shivering . tail aggressively . hissing . " what ' s wrong with you snow white ? not enough catnip ? can you just let me oh god ! " his ' t let me go . his face still facing mine . did i see something ? nothing in the side and the backup camera . . still our home in the morning . nothing odd . i one of my " mary i ' be a little late . " cause snow sleeping on my lap v . help me with mary " . " bad boy snow white d " stuck with my spoiled cat . i ' t remember i gave him too much catnip . did you meet some catnip dealer behind my back snow white ? snow white glued to my lap still hissing . i ' t seen mary yet . snow white ' t want to leave my lap . keep hissing . illegal catnip ? five . no one the . what the hell my were doing ? i would lose my patience . trapped in my car . snow white ' s wide staring at mine . something my car ! my instinct forced my to drive at full speed . don ' t look back don ' t look back snow white still on my lap . his body shaking . he is too i ' m so sorry for doubting you snow white . realizing myself entering the city i down the speed and my car outside a shop . my phone ringing . from the police saying i had to meet them immediately . a police officer fed and took care of my snow white . they had found my uncannily in the kitchen . molly had literally lost her heart which had her instantly yet no injury found ! the to death . the crime scene too clean and only a few blood found too little for multiple . as if the culprit had them somewhere else and then put their in the house . no sign of struggling . no murder weapon . no footprint and no sign of the intrusion of the killer . the had seen no one suspicious enter the house . none of them had seen me come home and escape the murderer . no sound . the house ' s and locked inside . locked room murder mystery . my car ' s backup camera nothing ! the invisible culprit had anything in my bedroom except my bed . on top of that my bed upside down on the . mary molly and had been for twenty before i home . " bad boy snow white d " frozen i had that thing ? ! no fingerprint found at the murder scene . even on their . why only my room and my bed upside down ? ! there had been nothing valuable in my bedroom . two people can ' t carry my bed along with the heavy mattress much less the whole bed ! the police ' t find any explanation of the video from my car ' s camera . i the lots of . they kept me as if i might have something to do with the . only because i was the only witness to have the murderer ? ! i had no idea why it had . the ' t been my best as we ' t been that close but it ' t mean i them . and they ' t deserve to be . a part of this was my fault . i wished i had it somehow even the hint . i swear the last night was not different from the other nights ! did all of these mean that the murderer had been in the house where i had slept last night unaware of that monster ' s presence ? ! they still me even though i had alibi and i might have been if it ' t been for my cat ! i might have been yesterday ! i and my snow white had lunch and stayed at a small hotel probably for before i could rent an affordable place . is hellishly difficult in this pandemic situation . not to mention my . . . the police let me keep what i had bought from grocery and my gun from my car . a police car outside the hotel . but i don ' t think i could sleep soundly tonight even though i have my snow white and my gun . he ' be an indoor cat for a while from now on given my " . my cat lying on his cat bed sad . he them and the " . he had known well that i ' t understand his so he had had to get me out of there . i pampered my snow white with and a shower to cheer him up . his highness fish and . and we watched cute and funny cat . they ' re not enough since this little prince saved my life by tricking me into taking him to a vet and keeping me in my car . the room ' s tormenting me despite their thick . i guess i will keep an eye on the the whole night . i can ' t nail a bed to the floor at a hotel and i don ' t want an upside down bed again . i turned on the voice recorder on my phone and set up my camera connected to my phone via in my room . i won ' t sleep tonight . i ' t have come home this morning . i never let my gun and my kitty out of my sight . the murderer can attack me . many my mind . why this to me . the murderer the monster ' s motive . why my former and me ? why not some else ? i ' t done anything to be like this and ' t seen them do strange . for god ' s sake why the car ' s camera nothing ? ! why no one had seen my car how the culprit had the house without being and . . . when ? before my cat had pretended to be sick ? ! the monstrous murderer ' s was what unsettling me most proving that was no human . molly ' s missing heart . the eerie clean murder scene . my upside down bed . . . i can handle a man . but a monster is another story . are not enough for that kind of monster . all i can do now is to hide and run away . my life is a mess . as if that pandemic ' t enough you do know well what would befall someone a monster who had locked room don ' t you ? those similar had before right ? the police my about what had to me . my convinced me to live in their house but i still stay here as the murderer may stalk me . i ' never distrust my heroic kitty again . a few can decide my life . yes thanks to my snow white my could phone me today i can ' t bring myself to imagine my ' s if i was a second late ! thank god i met my snow white . what my fate could have been if i ' t met my kitty ? like dogs also love you and protect you in their own ways . they can smell and hear you can ' t . . . will your pet appear to be unwell tomorrow ? what if the vet they ' re to be sick ? please love and listen to your fluffy . they may save your life . when writing there was a message on my phone from an unknown number . " bad boy snow white d " i the police . my snow white constantly and hissing fur raising and tail . trying to warn me of something . given my cat ' s previous warning this morning i took all my luggage out of my room and put my gun in my handbag in case of emergency . i locked my room and went to the food hall with my cat and my luggage . i had left my camera in the room to confirm my . i would check out if something . crazy but better safe than sorry . i wore and watched what my camera was recording in my room on my phone . nothing wrong with my room . still nothing . fifteen . i was paranoid click . click . click . click ! white long the . click ! click ! click ! click ! click ! click ! click ! no ! blurry video the were gone . ' t see anything . click ! click ! click ! click ! click ! pitch dark . click ! click ! click ! click ! click ! the came back . a blood room . the still there . i them again . i won ' t stay overnight in a room soaked with blood ! click ! click ! click ! click ! click ! my snow white was right . better safe than sorry . click ! click ! click ! click ! click ! i checked out of that small hotel the ' t suspect me . a detective took me into a police car . lots of me . at least they had my camera so they won ' t doubt me . my kitty saved me twice but that ' t mean i ' be lucky the next time ! i should never have him jasper the strange and being who in only a whisper . and when he in my room voice barely audible i know it won ' t be long until i find myself in that other place . it ' s a mirror of our world but noticeably subdued colors but so are the people . they can only talk in too sometimes they speak in sentence or they ' t completely looking at me when they ' re saying something . after the first few are from my brain i know that the clock is ticking in whisper world . it ' s a place where people can only live temporarily where even time itself is " " you could say . jasper is the old man who down the street and it ' s his whispering counterpart who is responsible for this . i think i him accidentally while i was walking home from school . " don ' t whisper in front of jasper he ' s the king of all " my friend told me . is a prankster usually harmless in our world but in that other place i think i ' m of him the most . he ' s still a prankster but his pleasant side is subdued . anything that would make him a friend is pretty much gone when the clock ticking . my first trip to the other version of my town left a mark on me and it was when i first figured out the version was so much more than what he to be . when jasper in my room and whispered in my left ear i was transported to that other dimension it ' s the only way i know how to explain its existence . my house largely drained of color and the strange vacuum sound in my was almost deafening . i tried talking in a normal voice but to no avail . a harsh tickling sensation me from doing so and i found i had to talk in a whisper to avoid the cough pricking feeling in the back of my throat . jasper stood in front of me knotted beard almost frozen in the room with subdued colors . the beard papery like the rest of him . like he clung to some veneer of human physicality . " i might be the king of whisper world but the one who the real power is your friend " whispered jasper . the low sound of his voice was eerie and after i another question he answer . i what the hell kind of place i was in . out the window a grey sky over drained of their vibrant . a boy rode by on his bike seeming papery thin and mostly void of color . i up my own . they were just like the boy ' s face and the papery beard of the creepy old man behind me . jasper ' t move or speak and outside the street ' t display any more movement . i decided i had to leave the room which felt frightening despite barely any activity in it at all . it ' t take me long to reach ' s house . a strong wind more force than whatever else in the town my nearly weightless body down the empty street to where he lived . let me in with a gossamer thin smile arms and something haphazardly cut out from a newspaper . in the living room more people sat and drank coffee whispering to each other in harsh that made me wonder what was really going on . " i ' m so glad you could join us " said . " i have something to show you . " ' t waste any time making good on that statement . with a brushing of two of his substituting for a commanding " snap " the group in the living room stood up immediately like papery without of their own . i ' m not sure i can accurately describe what next . their were torn apart as if going through an invisible shredder and everything a curtain of blood . stood there looking at me with demented . " jasper might be the king of whisper world but only because i allow him to be so " said in a normal voice . " he is the creepy old man and i ' m the perpetual friend to every teen who into town . no one ever me and for many more it will remain this way . " i stood still but i could feel the of this strange world cracking . slowly and very nearly silently but cracking still . " i four people today and their will be by in a town with full rich colors with unafraid to speak at peak volume . " i more around and it was then i had the instinct to scream . the grew in more light and more color . then everything in an instant and there i was sitting on my bed staring out the window at the boy on his shining red bike blazing green helmet catching the sun . i brought my to my face . i was relieved to see that they like normal filled with blood . they ' t weirdly gossamer thin . my relief was short lived as when i brought my down to the bed i saw standing there . he ' t look like how he did in the whisper world . he was somehow a grotesque combination of papery unnatural looking flesh and a full fleshed out body like mine . just stood there a malicious grin spreading across those odd looking . he like a cardboard display that had been given all the of a regular human being . " don ' t worry " said . " i ' m just looking this way to toy with you . i can turn back to my complete human form fool everyone in this stupid town that i ' m a just an innocent twelve year old without a despicable thought in his head . " when touched me with his freakish cardboard i again . but the world ' t shatter . unfortunately it ' t break because we ' t in that other dimension so no loud noise could spirit me away to safety . ' s blocky fleshy dug into my knee and his unnatural smile . i but the grip only making me yelp in pain . he told me this was only the beginning of my journey into the whisper world . i ' d be making a trip every day with jasper next to me after school in my room . a barely audible phrase would be into the left ear and i ' d be transported back to that hellish place . told me not to worry because i ' t be able to see every visit . then people would start to get suspicious . a death of the subdued version of someone would mean a corresponding death in our regular world . he himself a death or group of every few . i hate going to the whisper world . i can only think in while there and every time it ' s a very similar but every time slightly different nightmarish experience of not knowing where i am until finally the revelation on me and i scream . then everything around me and i ' m back in my bedroom . with his weird blocky out and me and ' t stop squeezing until i scream again . only leaves when he is commanding his body to look completely human . when he downstairs he cheerily to my . she happily back and frequently me what a good friend i found in . if she only knew . all in all though i have a normal life in the world of flesh and color . i do my homework go to the park with my like that . i can tell i ' even grown a little since i first going . but every day i take a trip to the place and when i get back is waiting for me . yesterday he up a papery rabbit slitting its throat in front of me . " i it just for you from the place where i truly belong . " said . " and one day after so many the number of which will remain a mystery you ' belong there too . " x i can t stop thinking of the time that guy a gun up to my head . it was cold really cold . the muzzle of the gun i mean . the cold metal against my temple . thinking about it still that little chill down my spine . the tiny little ring pressing on my head right above my sideburns scratching my head . it was cold outside too though . weather wise . around . i remember walking down this completely empty street on island and thinking . it s pretty cold for . it was i think the th . walking down that street i was thinking like wow it s pretty chilly . and then boom gun to the temple . i was pretty taken aback to say the least . i m not quite sure if the shiver i got was from the wind or the gun . the shock maybe . i can t stop thinking about it . the small hole with a circumference similar to that of my ring finger resting right above my ear with my life in its . that little ring carrying the weight of a human s life and the man behind it well did you know this guy ? i t no . i was just along happily not a care or worry in the entirety of . and then bang gun to the back of the head . no . i could feel it resting in my hair and t move . i got that chill . the chill was from the gun the muzzle was so cold i could feel it through my thick hair . it was warm outside probably in the s so the gun being so cold was unexpected . my guess was he had just gotten out of a car with the on full blast . my friend out a few on his . wait island or ? it was the mix of shock and exhaustion that finally brought me to my i think . the moment my hit the ground i knew it was bad . don t get me wrong it was real damn bad from the beginning . i mean come on gun to the head . i know . he scratches out another sentence . was it cold or warm outside ? you re me . but this was bad i was vulnerable my hurt like hell i t really breathe . he angled his arm down the gun following my head down to the ground . i think my bleeding . i don t really remember though . he crossed out an entire section of the paragraph he was working on . so was the gun on your temple or the back of your head ? which one ? so by this time i was extremely . i mean we were set up me and this guy like it was some kind of public execution . me on my gun on the back of my head all that was missing was the bag over my head if i m being honest . i mean picture it . i felt i had treason or something . i t only frankly i was embarrassed . i was shaking i know i was . and the thing was there were people everywhere . this time no scratching out . he shook his head in confusion . you just said there t a person in sight ? it me up at night thinking about the way they all . it felt like an episode of the twilight zone or like i was in a broadway musical . i know there s like no correlation but you get the idea right ? like the whole street was frozen our dramatic little scene as a centerpiece . everyone looking our way all on us . i guess that s what he . i t really know what he was on doing next . he t either i don t think . he down and whispered something in my ear gun still trained on the back of my skull . so i was what did he whisper ? sorry what ? what did he say ? you that he said something to you . i i m sorry i m not sure i know what you re talking about . here right here on the record . you said and i quote he down and whispered something in my ear . what did he whisper ? i m sorry i just really can t seem to remember . the man my friend is goes to touch his temple and his come back coated red . this guy and i go way back . i always knew it would end up like this him and me on a show in front of a crowd . so now with him on his and me with my gun resting in his mouth i knew it was perfect . it was meant to be . this was what was meant to happen you know ? i don t no . it had to be this way it had to . i had no choice every decision i had ever made every line i had crossed had brought me here right in the middle of times square . public execution . i don ' t understand i don t . he down at the stainless steel table separating them . blood drip . blood drop . a third a fourth . spreading on the table snaking along the microscopic and and . he up at the man he had been . a hole in the head an ambiguous hole was it through the mouth through the temple through the back ? every detail with every fleeting and frantic brain wave . the room was sweltering hot . he was freezing cold . in the below zero he sweated through his shirt . the room grew warmer . frost formed in the of the room . he was in . he was on island in times square . he was shivering . his went numb as the frostbite set in and his flesh practically to melt from the heat . his onto the ground gun against the back of his head . he felt the weight of the barrel resting on his temple . he felt the handle of the gun fitting perfectly in his palm his finger on the trigger . a gun barrel deep into his mouth he had no room to scream . public execution . the following are the property of the police department . missing case ca when you get this please contact me . i have been calling and you . i m really starting to get worried . if it s about last week s fight i . we both had too much to drink and got out of hand . i would never have that was wrong of me to say . i just ask you to please respect my . and promise me moving forward that we will work on our communication ? we can get through all of these trust babe together . before all of the drama i to say that i had an amazing time at la cantina . you were so handsome in that grey blazer . i can t help but wonder how did i get so lucky ? i had been searching along time for someone like you . next time please stay for breakfast . i m told i make a killer cheese omelette . maybe we can plan next weekend with everyone ? you seem to have made quite the first impression with my ! i know we were drunk but i meant every word of it babe . you are the one . give me a call . see you soon my love . viola viola what last week really me out . i have been trying to get a hold of you . i have tried everything . when you get this can you please give me a call ? i am not looking to judge . i haven ' t been the perfect partner either . i just need to understand what before i can move forward . my memory is really hazy but some were quite clear . i remember dinner at la cantina and the car ride home . i remember the bottle of at your place . we were in your kitchen . up until this point it was a really nice night . then i brought up your which was a mistake . can you blame me for being jealous ? i t expect to be standing there in a one bedroom flat . you lost it on me and took a turn . there was a lot of shouting and then everything went black . we were in your bedroom . we were undressed making out . then i faded out . i remember coming to back in your bed . you were lying next to me staring back . it was dark except for the faint glow of a night light . the on my neck stood up when i saw our . we were surrounded by . they were everywhere . maybe fifteen porcelain different different . they were sitting upright and facing our direction . i was it was beyond creepy . i remember struggling to move but i was . i tried to speak but nothing came out . and then it went black . i the scattered through the night . they were faint but i to catch some of it he s a handsome one this time ! that s the one that s the one . i want the hair look at the pretty hair . i finally woke up a groggy mess . that was the last straw they were on the bed . i somehow to break free and shake your arm . i your name viola but there was no reaction . you must have been in a deep sleep your face was to the pillow . i ' t wait any longer i could feel them approaching . they were patiently watching me waiting for an opportunity . i my clothes and got out of there as quickly as possible . just to be clear i have no problem with your collection . it s honestly a little creepy to me but i can get used to it . it s just the whole sequence of that left me uneasy . if it was just a prank i really need to know . but please give me a call so that we can figure this out . if you were in contact with viola or stall the week of th th please contact or . . any information is . i was a " spirited " well if you equate " spirited " with " a little hyperactive brat " honestly i ' m my kept that level headed with how much of a pain i was . maybe that ' s why nobody me when i about the well lady or so i her . " please go sit down yaya is making dinner . " was my main response and like the child i was i would petulantly go and rock my chair back and forth until i was told to leave the table and go up to my room . being and born probably a lot more especially for my yaya . she was a tiny and terrifying woman grew up under communism and all that so naturally she was a force to be with . the i spent in that little home in were probably better to the i spent in the in hindsight . fresh air and natural beauty to the urban and who fought constantly next to my room so loudly that the thin shook and painfully . one of these i was probably seven or eight that i spent out of the us one of my had fixed up in old well on my yaya ' s property . he did a pretty good job too considering there had been a that hit the country . i to drop little down the well listening to them plop once they hit the water . one day i had gotten a little overzealous and flung a rock down . a giant splash had i was quite amazed but something felt wrong about this time . like somehow my hyperactive and crazy mind just stopped for a second . i felt like i had royally screwed up at that point . a chill ran up my spine as i to quickly head back to the house but i stopped . someone or something me to stop and listen . i turned and to wince ever so slightly catching a glimpse of this impossibly long flow of dark brown almost black hair . then i saw this beautiful and almost saintly woman my jaw at the sight . she " did i scare you duckling ? " her voice was soft and almost maternal to be honest she could have been a princess and it ' t surprise me . " i ' t mean to drop that rock in the well . . . i ' m sorry . . . i was only and i " her finger stopped me from sputtering . " it ' s alright here " as if by magic she produced the rock and some from her apron . " now go duckling you ' t want to anger your yaya and would you ? " i shook my head compulsively before running back to the house and completely forgetting the pile of and rock in the grass . of course i was still for coming in dirty and was told to wash up immediately . when i to use the woman i saw as an excuse for my dirty clothes i was shot down immediately . would pass and we ' d visit my yaya more frequently as she was getting older to the point i had to start doing schooling . i graduated high school with and left my weird memory of the well lady behind . maybe she was a neighbor or maybe she was the spirit of a long lost walt company creation . i don ' t know . sadly when yaya away a year later i was to find out what this thing was . xb i had been outside sitting amongst the now overgrown grass in the yard the small village had grown and it was hard not to see another person . however today was oddly quiet and i took advantage of that walking around i something mossy and hard in a clearing . the rock and from almost twelve ago sat neatly on top of each other . i picked one of the green and decided to plop one in the well . the same satisfying plop filled me with nostalgia . " duckling . . . " this raspy but tangibly familiar voice hit my and i froze . turning i saw the woman but she different somehow not physically but you could feel it . her welcoming demeanor had turned tense and almost cold . i trying to mask any fear i had . " you haven ' t touched the in a while duckling . . . why haven ' t you touched the ? " her gaze bore into me and i felt to answer . " i ' m sorry i forgot there ' s been so much going on . " i stopped my quickly something ' t seem right . before she was scary like a wraith almost but you knew she ' t harmful . here however she was like a stalking predator waiting for you to slip up . " you were gone to long but you ' re here now . " her gaze more sharp and icy . i knew i had to get out of here whatever was happening ' t end well " yes and i need to get back you see my are getting dinner ready and " " you won ' t leave me again my duckling ! " the well lady ' s face twisted with rage and she to drag me to the now completely well . each time i fought back her grip . to well up in my and spill down my " what do you want ? ! " frantically i to tug at her hand trying to pry it off of my arm . " my duckling we ' be the best of again . " her gaze never from the well and her grip grew . " i ' m not your duckling you crazy bitch ! " i was practically yelling now someone would here me screaming . this to stop her momentarily and that ' s when she turned to face me her face had become and cracked and her hair was now in loosely hanging on what was left of her scalp . she a rueful smile with what was left of her mouth " you are as insolent as ever no matter how much you fight and struggle no matter how much you try to escape i will always find you my duckling . " she let go of my arm before back into the well . my ' t question the sizeable bruise on my arm and i ' t fight back . what the thing had said was and still is heavy on my mind . sometimes i see her in the corner of my or when i go to sleep she always to be sitting at the foot of my bed . i don ' t know what she or why she is only after me ? surely there are right ? that is if they have they ' re own with the well lady . maybe she ' s corrupted them too ? will some deranged stranger come and kill me so that i can join her and be her duckling ? maybe she ' break my mind so i ' come to her willingly . i don ' t know all i know is that i have to make sure she ' t hurt me or my family but frankly i don ' t think i can stop her . i just returned to the city from a visit to my elderly . my village stayed the same throughout all these . time to leisurely flow around and through small not taking it s toll as much as it does inside the hectic environment of a big sprawling city . i at and after catching up with my i fell asleep with tiredness by the drive here . morning came carrying the pleasant smell of mother s cooking and her homemade tea . a nice breakfast me so i told my i will be going for a little walk . maybe talk to the . my father his head buried in his newspaper . mother on the other hand to go with me . this was understandable . she t seen her son in a long time after all . we put on our and left the house stepping onto the old path . for about half an hour we were walking past all these quaint little greeting other morning and engaging in all of lively with them . many of them were glad to see me and made the classic comment old people to make about it being my time to marry have and live happily ever after . i used to hate this into my life and my privacy but i haven t been subjected to this kind of friendly interrogation for a long time and i almost it . they meant no harm after all . as our conversation was unfolding i on the other side of the path . they were slow drawn out specific to old people . i turned to strike up yet another conversation when my met miss . her bore the same pain they bore ago when she was violently shaking me in a desperate attempt to find out what to her child . the intensity of the pain t change . it only as time as it . what once was a sharp piercing pain now is an everyday grim reminder of her offspring s demise . a reminder she probably found whenever she turned even more so now that her husband as i learned from the conversation . i turned my gaze away . i t bear to look at her so i found some excuse and returned to the house leaving my mother engaged in conversation . back inside i laid on the couch blocking the imposing sunlight and my parent ' s concerned saying it s only fatigue that s troubling me . the truth was that those unraveled the memory of mine i had repressed all those ago . now it was menacingly it s way out of the of my itself upon the spotlight of my mind and forcing me to think about it further . to think about what to my best friend that fateful day we came across a well . i put an enormous amount of effort into futile to forget about it . sometime during that internal struggle of mine i myself to sleep . through the darkness my consciousness a gruesome scene . in front of me was a patch of land with a tombstone on it and a small bent figure in its entirety in sorrow and misery . i t even call the miss was human . the silent growl rolling off her was by a crescendo as she harrowingly her high expression of the most primal human sorrow making my body tremble like a dead leaf when met with the wind . the deep breath i was unaware of holding me as her shriek winded down . with one abrupt motion she turned her head to look at me . that s when the macabre composition of her burned itself in my memory . she was crying blood which was overflowing in those dead of hers . i t see her stand up but now she stood right in front of me . i t see her grasping my neck but now she was tightly it screaming in my face demanding to know what to her only child . suddenly i felt a swift motion come into connection with my body . my view of the tombstone and miss as the vibrant colors of the living room my mother designed herself slowly took form before my . then the voice of my my . i at them dazed and confused . my father was holding me upright on the couch and my mother standing beside him stricken with worry . i that i ' m and stood up . i around the room and out of the window . it was dusk . i slept through the whole damn day . i turned around to face my parent s worried . i what the whole commotion was about . we should be the you . my father said . he t a man of many so my mother took it from there and continued . son you were screaming bloody murder . it like you were being . is everything ? should we call a doctor ? she said . no . . . no i m fine . i . just a bad dream don t you worry mother . i go out for a walk to clear my mind . would you be so kind and make me some tea mother ? i feel like i could use some right now . i wanting to occupy her so she would leave me alone . she pounced at the opportunity of making tea and i got the opportunity to slip out . i through the village . my destination laid of the village . i there after about five of walking . i could feel the lump in my throat slowly form as i the graveyard and dug my phone out of my pocket then turned on the flashlight . i walking around reading the and looking for the one belonging to my friend . s grave was at the end of the row . i crouched and read the from the marble tombstone . though this was the grave of my childhood friend i knew for a fact that no of his underneath the wet soil . i was the only one who knew what to yet i kept it hidden from the world . more importantly i kept it hidden from his mother . the reason i kept it hidden was that i was for my dear life . a sudden wave of guilt washed over me as i miss s . i had to tell her . she to know what to her only son i thought to myself . this was no easy task . i had to come to with whatever it was that that fateful day twenty ago . there were other in the village but and i always that special bond . it s that invisible string that just two people together . we were inseparable and both of us had an adventurous spirit which we by going on in a forest next to our village . a big old forest many that our curious s were eager to uncover . we it the mysterious forest . creative i know . many clear of it thanks to the their put into them . i wish ours did too . if they did i t be sitting next to an empty grave which was now the only sign my friend ever save for the of people who knew him . save for the pain his mother felt . we were crunching the leaves with our mud rubber boots one morning as we were chatting about the power episode we just watched before heading out . the last night s rain t stop us from going on our daily adventure . suddenly stopped in his . there s something under the dirt here . he . yeah there is . more dirt . i . don t be stupid . he shot back . my boot went right through the mud and hit something hard . there s something here i tell ya . he his voice excitedly growing . his excitement was always contagious . what do you think it is ? i . buried treasure . he with a smile . i go get my dad s spade . he said running past me . not knowing what to do until he came back i to the soon to be an excavation site . i inside the hole made by his boot but t see anything . i my hand into it and i felt a rough wooden surface . my investigation was by who brought not one but two . he t about to dig alone while i around in his own . we got tired by this backbreaking work after about half an hour but our wild imagination our curiosity which in turn our tiny little and them to continue digging . an hour or so and we were done . we discovered a well . it t one of those newly made . this one like it was hand dug . its hole was covered by two identical of wood which formed a circle . we should open it . see if it had any gold inside . he half jokingly . how ? i to ask between my heavy . we will dig under the wood and make room for our and pull it off the entrance . it t be too heavy . he . that s just what we did . then we inside . i don t see the bottom i . it s too dark to see . find something heavy to chuck inside . he and i obliged . he was always the one to take initiative . it was that characteristic of his that cost him his life . i scouring our surroundings trying to find anything that fit the description made . after a couple of of futile searching my name . found anything yet slowpoke ? he raising a pretty big rock above his head . i t hold it like that if i were you i said . you crack your head open and spill that small brain of yours i said . he and me with his hand to follow him . we stood a bit away from the edge of the well when he gently it inside . i t move but got on all and inside listening for any that might emit from the of the well . we nothing . nothing at all . in hindsight this is when we should have just closed the damn thing and left . if that was what i t be writing this story at all . nothing . strange . then for a moment before turning to me . do you still have those you got for your birthday ? he . was to the rope my aunt got me as a present . i had no idea why she chosen to gift me that but she was aware of my and she thought they might come in handy to me one day . i do . i admitted but i won t give it to you . this is dangerous . i said . come on . don t be a coward . we will tie them to that tree . they won t budge . he said pointing to a tree directly behind us . i should have to discuss the matter further but he always knew to get his way and a couple of and a couple of convincing later i was running home to fetch the . i them out in the inner pocket of my jacket to avoid any prying from my that could have our . i don t know how i to sneak them out that skillfully . it s a shame i t my usual clumsy self that day . i got back to the well with impatiently waiting for me . that ! he took the from my hand as soon as he saw them and tied one end to the oak tree . he checked multiple times if the knot was secure and then threw the inside . i m going in . you stay next to them and i tell you what i m seeing inside . if there s gold in there we will share fifty fifty . deal ? he extended his right hand and we struck a deal . he seriously thought he was going to find anything valuable there . he the tightly as he went inside first slowly step by step but then he descending more freely . seeing anything ? i . not yet ! don t worry i won t hide any gold in my . i am an honest boy . he shot back . you ? honest ? remember how you stole my and then blamed it on the cat ? i giggling . well that was before pastor told us we can go to hell for that . he from inside the well his voice cheerful . i was watching him descend further and further . his outline was growing fainter and fainter with each step he took . even though it was noon much of the sunlight was by the above us . i can t go . " i him say . " why ? are you ? " it was now my turn to tease him . " no . there ' s no more ladder to climb down with but i still can t see the bottom . " he stated while a note of nervousness in his voice . " what ? it surely can ' t be that deep . do you realize how long these are ? " i straining my in search of ' s figure in the well . i ' t see him . " you should probably head out . " " i hear a voice . it ' s talking to me . " he . " something is here with me . help me ! " he once more . " you ' re . climb up already . " i back nervously waiting for him to come into sight . " yes . yes . i ' m climbing . just . this ' t real i just keep seeing . just that . nothing more . " he spoke panting . i felt the rope straining with each step he took . then i saw him . i out to him and he rose his face upwards towards me . now he was still pretty deep and i ' t see his face very clearly but it to be contorted in a grimace of unbridled fear . i kept him in my when his jaw to let out an ungodly blood curling shriek that was by the narrow space he was in . " it ' s dragging me . it it will swallow me . " he suddenly . " nothing is in there hurry up and get out of there already " i back at his overactive imagination . this to speed him up . he was getting closer . then when he had about a quarter of the way to go he suddenly violently a couple of back . no . he ' t descend . he was dragged . he was telling the truth . to this dragging with another scream as he desperately tried to climb back up . i could see a black mass entangling his and in a tentacle like way . he was twisting and shaking his and he finally to free his left leg which he used to pry the ever thickening black mass off his right leg . he seemingly won this battle which was proven by his exceeding to exit the well . he was closer and closer his wide open the next attack of whatever it was that tried to drag him down and make a meal out of him . there ' t a sign of a new attack as he yet both of us were it . he was the top and i extended my arm for him to be able to climb to the surface . he came to the top and out for my hand his other hand still grasping the ladder . i with all my might him to surface any second now . then we ' d untie the and seal this damned well . he t . no matter how hard i he just fixed on that one spot . his upper body on the surface and his lower body beneath . i can t pull you up myself i said . come on hurry . me in the and whispered don t let it take me . that s when he slipping back down . i fell on my and him with both arms desperately trying to pull him up . the sorrowful fact that my strength t enough evident when despite my best he slipping . he was desperately me and i was with all my might but it was all in vain . that s when i my head over him and that his and back were all covered in an entangled black mass of upon which long pointy were attached . still i t go and neither was he . now i could sense the silent slithering of those covering even more of his body to claim him for themselves . soon enough they made it to the back of his head and covered his scalp gently slithering around perhaps him . the silent slithering continued as the made their way to his face . he screaming but his for help were extinguished by the black mass which stuffed itself into his mouth . soon every last bit of him was covered and it was getting exceedingly hard to keep him on the surface yet i t going to let go . that s when i felt the slithering sensation on my . it quickly speed and went up to my arms . i and shaking them off myself my against each other . when i had that i let go of it was already too late . i could only watch as he slowly all the while numerous went over his flesh clearly happy about the meal they just for themselves . i maniacally as i ran home over tree and fallen . i t make it home though . my consciousness me and i fell over on the bed of fallen leaves . i was found by my and some other people from the village . when i told them i t know what to . i told them i nothing . they me . they had no reason not to believe me . it was only miss that was able to decipher the absolute horror that in my . it was she that i was steering clear of the forest and that i was constantly looking around me . that s why she me in such a violent way and to know the truth i had her of . now after i have those a certain feeling awoke with them . guilt . more than ever i knew i had to come clean . i stood up giving another look to the tombstone and the wet soil beneath it . i walking towards the when i someone s crooked figure leaning on the gate . it was miss . i her . i t want to look her in the so i kept my head . you remember don t you ? she . my were laid off from their local grocery store after twenty of service . with their confidence rattled my sister peyton and i watched them struggle to land at other and farther out from home . peyton was thirteen and i was approaching fifteen so we were not quite at an age to help support them with some extra income . our household was barely scraping by when hit . my father told us there was no way we could afford a forty five dollar tree . their were crushed so peyton and i decided we would cut down a tree from the newly rail trail that had a few from our house . the trail was off once the sun went down . there were no it was pitch black . during an afternoon walk though we that one section of the trail was lined with . we on lying to our telling them that we saved up an allowance to buy a tree at a local farm . my and were to join us one evening and after cutting down the tree we would load it on top of s parent s car which he would have stolen for the night . the plan was a bit clumsy but we thought it would go smoothly . we were wrong . around eleven o clock on a evening the four of us snuck out of s house after his went to sleep . we had a duffel bag filled with rope and a bow saw . we in a small parking lot at one entrance of the trail . there was nobody in sight . our breath was illuminated by the as the cold crisp air hit our face . with each step along the path a sense of dread through me . i was the in the group but even despite my for adventure i usually ended up caving due to peer pressure . the four of us had abandoned before so this felt like it would be one of our easier to get away with . amongst a row of ten we chose the tree the farthest away from the parking lot . peyton and i kept watch while pointed light at the base of the tree so could get to work . when the saw first against the tree stump the ground below our . what was that ? i whispered to the group . don t worry about it . this trail took forever to build . it probably still foundation . keep going . said to . with each back and forth thrust of the saw my heart . something felt very wrong about what we were doing . got it . as the tree fell into the of who caught it just before it came down . let s get out of here . peyton my arm and for us to leave . we carried the tree back to the car and tied it on top of the roof . forgot the bag . his fist on the hood of the car . dude quiet down . go back and get it . said . the three of us sat in the car while went to retrieve the bag . fifteen and he still t back so we went to go look for him . we whispered as loud as we could . no luck . we thought maybe he was a joke on us but then a faint murmur arose from above us . we pointed the towards the sky . a tree fifty tall towered in front of us . at the top we could see s bloody face behind a cluster of . help me . let out a whisper that like he was struggling to breathe . the tree and hurled into the air . his body in front of us . peyton and my hand . as peyton and i towards the car stood motionless in shock . i turned back for a second and for but it was too late . from another tree extended out as a sea of branch arms onto . the needles the skin off his back like a meat slicer . what of fell to the ground with a loud splash . peyton covered her as i led her back to the car . i inside the driver side and i t have the car . peyton who was sitting in the passenger side through the glove box and cup may have left the in the car . peyton roll up your window ! i as the tree on top of the car covered the window next to her and seeped through the hole . a branch that made it through snagged onto peyton s hair and removed a chunk of scalp from her head . the glass and a branch peyton through the window . i stepped out of the car and threw up as i saw the tree squish my sister s body and toss it to the road like a soda can . i ran for home . when i got to our street i all around me . i through the living room window of a neighbor s house and saw two being thrown around like rag by the tree in the living room . the unraveled from the tree and the life out of the . every house on my block was filled with chaotic for help . torn to by their . i the door to my house and ran upstairs to look for my . they were in the bathroom . my father his car and we drove out of there while the rest of the neighborhood . we checked into a room at a motel . while down my parent s over the loss of peyton i through to see if there was any coverage of what was happening . nothing . out of morbid curiosity i snatched the from the counter and drove off in my father s car . i returned to my neighborhood street and saw of uniformed men setting on fire . i up to the rail trail and saw the giant tree on fire . the tree in anguish as people watched it from a distance . there was a staggering amount of life lost that night in my . my and i out and stayed at a relative s place until my father landed a decent paying job . the town eventually but we t . everyone i spoke to what i saw . they t believe me . it was as if the town was keeping a dark secret . i don t know what brought those to life . what i do know is we have no intention of a tree in our living room for the to come . point is a little town on the east coast that at one time was considered picturesque . despite this not many people make it a habit to visit due to the nature of the few that reside there . maybe it s the salty air the golden or the wooded that roll on forever that keep the around . or maybe it s a secret not spoken of in public that this past and the residence as . . be efsfqcur it been whispered in some that point once a thriving fishing and port town fell on hard times around the turn of last century . whatever this is unknown and only . some talk about a curse mention voodoo and witch craft some even go as far as to say it was an ancient race of dark . that the son had once been in by one of these and made a vow he never kept . since then the town known nothing but despair . most sensible people overlook these tales and assume it s a town that had run its course with bigger such as and boston taking over its business . whatever the case it t matter much to me . i had been assigned by the state auditor to go there and assess the decline of the town . it had been over a hundred since anyone had taken an interest in this place but due to the new revitalization by the governor someone had to do it . upon entering the town the first thing that caught my attention was the run down appearance of the place . there were in the steep colonial of the . an old industrial complex from which steam out of greasy leaving a foul smell in the air . to be fair everything outside of town was perfect but once inside it was like a trip to another dimension where building design froze in the early s but entropy continued to march on . there was a road going north to south that ran straight through the sleepy village once part of the old highway system that fell out of use once were built . yet one more reason why this place was in its severe state of decline . from this old highway other spider webbed off and through the city . at one point this place had about fifty thousand people living in her . now it was down to three thousand at most . my first stop was at the local hotel where i was going to drop my before making my way to the one corporation still in busy there . j . k . and sons fish cannery had been operating since the late s but while still active they t do much business and under other . the hotel was dilapidated like the rest of the town . the clerk s mahogany desk was as greasy as the air a thin film of filth coated the reddish brown wood making it sticky and almost black . behind the desk sat a man with thinning hair and a pale complexion . his were slightly and his so swollen they that they could burst at any moment . he wore a tank top that had been brown by sweat and barely covered his portly body . without making any small talk i myself and for my room key . despite his ghastly appearance he was soft spoken if not somewhat feeble minded . his speech a bit not from intoxication but from being slow of thought . eventually i got to my room and settled in . the bed was clean and the adequate . whatever care was put into the was not put into the rest of the hotel . after lunch which fortunately i had brought with me i the short way to the office building . some of the which at first i thought meant they were abandoned until i saw a family in one eating a meager meal . in the dim kerosene lamp light that filled the place i could make out that they were dirty disheveled and unkempt . the had filthy and were dressed in . poverty hung on the place like a limp dish rag . there was a gas station and small convenience store that to be the only shopping place in town . i assumed most people drove the thirty to the next town over for any major but the lack of in town would have said otherwise . most of the were vacant and at one time probably fine with quality merchandise . on one window i could still see the old for a toy store another had a marquee for a clothing shop . the were now dusty and had hanging from the ceiling . at the wharf the smell of dead fish was overpowering . all around and away from my approach . the office of the owner who was j . k . s son his name was was in the back of the building . there were maybe a hundred on shift at the time which made me wonder what the other who lived in town did . i won t bore you with the business talk we had about the and from the governor to update antiquated equipment in the cannery . how the governor to make her state competitive across all and ensure small had a chance to compete with with small business and low interest . i will tell you that art only met my speech with contempt and a look of loathing in his piercing gray . with into his spotless white suit he made clear in no small that me and my help nor the government were in his town as he it . based on the outside appearance of the building i would have assumed he was going to welcome me with open arms . the inside of his office was another story however . it was immaculate in its appearance . the floor spotless his desk top the reflection of the sun outside his window there was even ivory trim inlaid into the teak wood desk . not to mention the stench from outside somehow t make it into the room . there was a complete disconnect inside the place from the outside surrounding it . i was to meet with him for two days but the conversation was over in a matter of . by the time i left it was only a little after three . there was plenty of time for me to drive back that day and not have to spend a night in the tiny town whose stench was sticking to my skin by this point . got back to the hotel and checked out went to my car to find that it t start . soon that the battery was gone . not dead or unserviceable but completely . tried to use my cell phone but had no coverage so i went in to use the phone at the desk . the man at the desk told me the phone was dead and had been for sometime but he did offer to go get a mechanic to look at the car . it took over an hour for them to get back and the mechanic told me that he had a shipment of coming in the next day . that if i at the hotel that night he would get me going first thing in the morning . that t sit well with me but i left my in the lobby and told the clerk that i would be back for them in a bit . during that time i went for a walk around town desperately trying to get some kind of cell service . up and down the main road i then when that i went throughout the small town beyond hope that i would get a signal so that i could get out as soon as possible . the whole time i was walking i could feel staring at me from inside each abandoned building . it was as if the whole town was watching me . on top of one of the many i found a house unlike all the rest . it was in good repair with an iron fence around the lot . the yard was green and on the front porch there were large wooden supporting a balcony . it had the appearance of an old plantation home from further down south . it gave me to see such luxury in the otherwise squalor of the town . i could almost hear the faint echo of and around me . something t up about this town or who i supposed this house to . it was like there was some kind of spell on the people below but up on this hill one could rise above it . halfway down the hill and a quiet whistle caught my attention . a hand waved to me from the calling me to someone behind a tree . suspicious and hesitant i carefully made my way towards the whistle my half raised and ready in case i was . mister mister you get out of here . a voice said to me from behind the tree . they don t like here in town . get out before it dark . what do you mean they ? i . the . if you don t leave before dark they trap you here like everyone else . the voice said . who are these ? i work for the governor . this whole town is suspicious . if you tell me what s going on i can get help . there s no help here any man can give . it s best you go . my car is dead and there s no phone service . how am i supposed to get out ? walk if you have to but not out the main road . they watch that at night . go through the path behind the big house . if you see the it s too late . go and fast . i can t turn a blind eye to this . if people are being here against there will i have to do something about it . there s nothing on this earth that can change what here and to tell the truth all of us deserve it but if you re here after dark the will think you re one of us . they don t discriminate . let me get this straight . the people here have that only show up at night keep them here and if i m caught here at night i be forced to stay as well ? this crazy but if it s true it will have to go to the . it s outrageously illegal . i m afraid these people were and a long time ago . the voice told me . i still t seen who this voice to since he stayed on the far side of the tree . you re have to tell me what ' s going on or i won t go and take my here to see first hand these you re talking about . alright but you might not like or believe what i tell you . the voice then went on to tell me how point had once been a hub for the atlantic slave trade . the mayor had even it after it had been because of his greed . by night would come in and unload their cargo selling by the moonlight . then one day they in a voodoo priestess from . she was resistant and beaten worse than anyone ever had been . in her dying breath she laid a curse on the whole town it to forever be bound in blood to its wretched ways . the people and spit on her while she from her wounds but that very night the who were of greed tyranny violence and oppression came out of the ocean with in their and laid the whip to everyone in the town . anyone caught in the town would forever be guilty and unable to escape the punishment of these back ten fold . what does have to do with all of this ? i . i had my suspicion that he was somehow the ringleader . that man is satan incarnate and that s all i say about . the voice . i could hardly believe my until the man stepped out from behind the tree . he me his wounds and where his back had been open from the always and never healing . the sun was starting to get low in the sky so i left my bag at the hotel abandoned my car and made my way up the trail behind the house on the hill . it t soon after i hit the peak of the hill that the last of the sun were extinguished . i stopped for a moment taken by a morbid curiosity to see if what the man had told me was true . sure enough as soon as the light left the sky a parade of one at first and then many came out of the sea . from the corner of my eye i caught a glimpse through a window on the house that sat on the hill a devilish orange glow erupt . as i turned to leave so as to not be caught up in what would happen next i could hear the and coming from below . a tinge of guilt crept through my body for not being able to do something to save them from the evil they themselves had but furthermore what still me is i know that there really is a hell on earth and if you re not careful you could end up there . the divorce hit my family hard life in the just u . s ' t working out for me and my dad both of us were pretty excited when a close friend my dad a position in iceland it was great to be able to start anew in another country no continent . and it had been going great for us generally the language barrier was a hurdle and our secluded location was also a nuisance . i was never much of a social person my dad on the other hand is the opposite he is a social butterfly you can ' t help but like him as much as you try because of this he made of his and even random even now he leaves every night to meet them be it or " " . i can ' t complain much i get the whole house for myself . and everything went swimmingly until yesterday that is . my dad had left to see his my dog was sleeping i was nice and cozy in my living room gearing up for a long night of gaming and maybe streaming i ' to tell you i was to finally play my god had i been waiting for that damn game it was around twelve when it it was small at first . flickering at the edge of vision a slightly breeze than usual not that i would notice on gaming as i was . the and console turned off immediately as did all in the house the open the biting in my body the muffled sound of roaming around the yard through the screeching wind a dark figure tall very tall it strangely like his were stiff like he was snickering snickering with joy i was curious and angry so i a lantern and a coat and tried to confront the probably armed robber who had cut my electricity i am aware it ' t the move but i was of progress lost and all and what is more stupid than a ? there i was a teen through a wind beaten yard covered in snow screaming to the void in terrible iceland that i had a gun and that if they ' t get the out of my property i would use it of course i was a with a lantern against what i thought was a criminal but no it was something worse way way worse the man turned at me revealing his tattered and mouth his disproportionately long made it look like was being up by two long he to say something as he extended an arm and hold of my hair he used his other arm to prop me up while his jaw dislocated to be unnatural i and to no avail this thing to grin at me relish my terror and my desperation i by torch and to blind him with it it worked somewhat he me and i to throw him down and run like a damned soul cold and sick back to my house in it i close the door and under my bed until the morning where my dad found me shivering . this was a strange experience i think i should document it just in case . i am already starting to hear the rear up . welcome to the yule . i m a for an old couple out in the middle of nowhere i gotten pretty used to the creepy atmosphere at night but nothing will ever top this . there s this old tale of a monster that in the next to the farm i work at i had never really in it but that one year . the monster s name is the lank it s about with bony and empty eye . one day i was the horse s hay to prepare for the night when i an ear piercing scream that like it came straight from the of hell . i had not known of the tale at this time so i thought it was just an animal oh how i was wrong . it was a silent night not unlike past nights but somehow there was a somewhat eerie atmosphere almost like someone or something was watching me . the next day was no different than at least until it got dark . that night i was sitting out on the porch when the wife of the farmer out and if i to hear an old tale i agreed and she sat next to me and told me of the lank . afterward i was left with a feeling of dread and anguish almost like an immense pressure had been put in my heart . i went to bed that night nervous and paranoid . the next day i kept feeling like i was being watched from the tree line . that night i saw a silhouette of a tall figure with arms that dragged on the ground . as i was finally getting a good look it suddenly back into the forest as quickly as it . a little bit later at the dinner table i the farmer ' s wife about the figure she said it was the monster from the old tale . i thought she was until i saw how serious she and the farmer s were . that night i still t get the look of existential dread on the farmer s wife s face out of my head i barely slept that night . i quickly learned that the lank is not a force to be with . over the next few days the small town about one or two away was growing smaller and smaller due to the huge death toll these were suspected to be by the lank . although it was never confirmed . these eventually got to be so numerous that the town was barely a town . the destruction eventually got to our farm . taking out about six a night maybe more . the night came when we were ourselves inside the house as we the destruction going on around us the farmer armed with an old hunting shotgun was the one to tell us to get upstairs and don t come back down . i a loud gunshot and a couple of and when the creature finally itself the farmer s corpse in hand . it threw itself up the as i finally that this was it at the last second a friend of the farmer shot the monster in the back . as it fell to the floor with a thud . in the morning i the farmer s friend carry the monster out to the to bury it once and for all . my sister had well let s say a history of less than amicable with people outside of the family . even those within haven t been her seemingly source less ire but those who lack the commonality of blood feel in ways both openly and subtly hostile her anger and unfounded spite . for as long as i can remember going all the way back to our troublesome my sister made it her her prime existential impetus to inflict harm with and derision with guile and deception all out of some inborn distaste for anyone she by unknowable pretentious prideful or otherwise unworthy of some self confidence with which they allegedly carry themselves . throughout her life in a role immediately given to me by my once i had the physicality sufficient to restrain her i was made my sister s keeper wrangler . any or social with or even were clumsily broken up and de by yours truly . i can t begin to estimate how many with i ended by simply yanking her away from the group who my sister had always unprovoked because she felt that they were too sure of themselves and their prettiness . i m not the kind of man who a value of beauty to his own sister based on primitive or outdated of attraction but i can say that in a way i get her jealously i at least understand how one might feel the way she . my family at large t the stock i m certainly no looker myself . but what me is the resultant rage and indignation at the mere sight of someone she as than herself . it s unreasonable nonsensical . i won t waste time each and every petty pointlessly hostile confrontation . the idea of my sister s condition for lack of a better word been established . she s a moderately intelligent person who had at one nearly forgotten point in her life lots of ambition and unrelated to the smiting and punishment of her . but as life went on and i grew older i t always be by her side and she eventually got into some and that landed her before and behind and at the beck and call of probation . nothing that would brought shame to the family name there are some among us who have as many prison as other might have but bad enough to leave her in a sorry state living in a downtrodden ex convict ridden apartment complex . that is until she t even afford that near derelict hovel and after a needlessly protracted request in with me in my suburban home . while our of life had considerably we one thing in common we were both single and childless despite being in our early . now i knew my sister and had put into place several and many in preparation for her arrival . i informed my of her perpetually irritable mood and essentially them saving only a slight amount of pride to forgive any or in courtesy she may have . they assured me that they understood and even me for what i suppose would be familial charity . also knowing that without distraction my sister would simply brood and conjure up entirely imaginary or severely in which she was the target of some offense i bought her a . i figured that if she were to engage in it would be best if they with who t send through my or leave dog in my mailbox . how could i have ever that she d use the to bring about the ruin of my life and home ? once she had settled in which t taken long considering her lack of she immediately set to herself with the . she d had experience with in the past but her recent into criminality had often included the restriction from or limitation of access to such . she was of course extremely appreciative and that she would eventually pay me back in some way being the convenient follow up . i had the pantry and drawers with all the food kitchenware and every day household she d possibly need . i furnished the guest room that had laid empty since the purchase of the house and told her that it was hers for as long as she it to be . the appropriate of gratitude were spoken were her parole officer was notified and i my life as normal . the first of habitation with my sister was as i had feared but sensibly a disaster . i came home on my lunch break i had suspected or maybe preternaturally sensed some disturbance to find a few standing on my front lawn glaring at my house . there were three of them and they were all fairly attractive . ordinarily being the simple man that i am i d be over to find these well out of my league on my property . but the t so fantastical and the reason for their congregation t out of any sudden and inexplicable love for me . as i in the driveway and whispered a prayer of mercy towards whomever might be listening from above the on over to the car scowling fiercely . i took a moment examine whether or not they bore and once i was sure of my safety the car . i gave them a friendly smile and before anything else could be done a barrage of anger was unleashed upon me with the single inspiration being my sister . somehow over the weekend of her arrival my sister had quite the following on twitter after spent almost every waking moment social media and anyone else she could think to criticize . i the rapid accumulation of up to old expression of misery loving needing company and that all of my sister s all of them were equally or at least similarly bitter and vitriolic . apparently when my sister had grown tired of the she d her on closer . the three during their early morning jog had by my home and my sister always awake always seething had seen them go by through the living room . by the sight of these undeniably attractive she immediately put to and a story about the wantonly throughout the neighborhood . according to the six that tackled the nonexistent issue the streets and were covered with energy bar plastic water and of exhaustively gum . despite only seen the this one time my sister applied a history to their objectionable and totally delinquency a history that further back than her tenancy of my home . since my sister had to withhold had actually proudly the location of the neighborhood in which the fictional environmental had taken place her quickly went to action city and even who to have the location in their social media bios . and if that t been enough my sister had stealthily yet awkwardly taken a picture of the with the s and it as supplemental evidence to her . despite the absence of the garbage in the image the mere presence of the was sufficient enough evidence for her flock . the all twitter were eventually made aware of their denigration by my sister . by the they my property and that my sister come out and explain herself . sensibly my sister had inside and continued to pour gas onto the fire behind her computer screen . all of this had in five . i went into the house a tirade from my sister about the but she instead sat in the living room chair from which she had her with her on the her face showing an expression that said i know i know . upon saying her name in exasperation she by actually saying i know i know . the remote access from my phone i disconnected her from the wi fi her as best as i could and set up an appointment with a therapist . she accepted and agreed to all this maturely without any dubious or of impudence . once that half of the situation had been to though not really i went outside and for myself and on behalf of my sister . i my sister s psychological to the who eventually and me on my patience . they left their . i decided that given the it would be best if i stayed home for the remainder of the day so i into work and gave an excuse that t but was nonetheless accepted . what had been a stressful half hour soon blossomed into a terrifying night . my sister being relentlessly persistent in her disparagement of the world at large had connected her to one of the few unprotected of the neighborhood . once she had access to twitter and her she unleashed a veritable of and essentially illegal to action . she she she it was as if the demon which had her and towards and conflict had at last taken full control of her . and her in her rage drank of it and finally disastrously left their pocketed their and set off on the great pilgrimage to my town . by pm that same day my neighborhood was aswarm with seething twitter . of them laid siege to my small barely on the map town first and then the humble and unsuspecting populace . when i first of their arrival i into my sister s room and that she order them to leave the town . but she that it was out of her and that town would be anyway that it was the three who were to feel the fury of the twitter sent . sure enough shortly after the and locking it in my safe the ground to tremble as the twitter horde the neighborhood . every kind of person was in that horde it was the single most diverse gathering of people i d ever seen and yet by all was a visage of unrestrained hatred . i t seen the three since they d departed my house after my sincere but staring out my window at pm i saw them towards the property . despite their they were all dressed casually as if they d from their in panicked flight . i stepped out to meet them and rather than be by and for the head of my sister they instead with me to have her recall the army . the rest of the night as far as it concerned the short lived siege in a violent blur . i the into my home and they gladly . my sister had crept up behind me and upon seeing her the practically threw themselves at her begging her to call off her . my sister told them as much as she d told me that the situation was out of her control and even that she was just as as they were . i was particularly frightened myself as i was unsure of how i had been included if at all in the narrative of and environmental sabotage . the fact that i had just asylum to these social media only further my potential peril . through the front of my house i saw the who had been oblivious to the e drama retreat into their as the horde finally onto the street . as if they d been spotted by the location of the three was known to the horde and that great mass of enraged twitter upon my lawn their contorted into of contempt and long buried savagery . some had either brought along or while simply stood with and teeth . in the dying light of the day they like a gathering of as if the earth had been thrown open and pandemonium had forth from the steaming chthonic . one person perhaps the leader spoke up and that the three step out and face . through the the collectively in terror while my sister away on a phone she had stealthily from one of them . she caught my disappointed glance and assured me that she was despite her previous trying to redirect their ire elsewhere . through the thin of my cheaply made suburban home i the and of but the horde the newly and continued to gather around the home and make their of sacrifice . almost petrified by fear i stood my ground behind the protection of the front door offering no response nor sacrifice to the . this inaction this unwillingness to throw the entirely innocent to the only the horde s anger . casting aside all of civility maturity and basic human decency they at last the house itself raised wide and red with malice and madness . i quickly dashed to the kitchen where i in my arms a bundle of rolling and . had i even a few more to think i might instead gone to the garage where could been found but oh well i t the time to consider which in my house were the most effective against a small siege . i threw these onto my coffee table and instructed everyone to arm themselves . my sister a ladle and the chose and with which to do battle . just then the front door strained for a moment against its and then was completely free of them as the horde in . the front were also suddenly by people who had hurled themselves through the weak glass . without ceremony without the drawing of battle and the offering of the melee was on . the battle was brief bloody and . in that frenetic bout i saw the of barbarism that perpetually dwell within the hearts of men kept barely at bay by the loosely and ephemeral of civilization . i also learned of the existence of a ferocity that had always dwelt within me a reserve of primal power from which i drew the strength to not only defend myself but strike boldly and savagely at my . steak and dinner were my and i swung and without care for human life . terror and rage in my heart each fearful sight inspired a greater horror but also my desire to survive against such . the with whom i had been forced to ally myself also fought with a similar primal conviction i their more like those of than soccer as they with the veritable who sought their destruction . my sister accustomed to such vitriol fought with the familiarity and skill of a warrior . the nightmarish battle about six . somehow despite the sharp and bluntly edged used no one had actually . many indeed had been lacerated and one or two even temporarily but no one had lost their life and by the time some sense could be made of the situation everyone was able to stand on their with little or no assistance . all of my had serious harm . someone had bitten my ankle at some point and it kind of hurt when i put all my weight on it but i was otherwise unharmed . the violence had been abruptly ended not by the submission of either side i ' d been in the process of slapping someone with a fork but by another unforeseen of interruption . from somewhere amidst the of my living room a voice out saying that some moderately influential social media figure had made a slightly inflammatory statement during a stream . to the twitter this was absolutely unacceptable and their immediate collaborative focus . their collective anger towards the three was immediately and together without further violence they left my home . in a limping sluggish mass they made a grand exodus from the town back to their where they would assuredly launch an campaign against the social media influencer . the three battered and disheveled but still very much alive me for the temporary sanctuary and promptly left my home . my sister up the ruinous house muttering about the apparent audacity and insensitivity of the newly infamous social media influencer . and despite the terror the violence and the realization that i t as civilized as i had thought the worst thing about that night was that the three had left with my cutlery and i t any idea of where they actually lived within the neighborhood . were to the old cracked light never seen before in the town come get your future told by for only " well this is new " i to myself while getting in my car to drive home from work . let me tell you office are more tiring than they look . i got home around p . m and decided to eat something before our local group . it only took two before i found the one talking about but strangely enough still no about this gig or the mysterious who seemingly out of thin air . since i was a sucker for this kind of stuff i decided to check it out the next day . next morning i woke up at . it was the weekend and i had it free to myself away from work . i did my usual routine and got dressed to go see . the poster ' t mention times or location but i figured i ' see it since most fortune do this in for some reason . it took me half an hour just looking around before i saw it . a black tent pinned to the ground with tied around metal . it gave me that eerie feeling that made my hair stand up straight like a commander at it like it ' t belong here . the first thing was the colour of the tent . most of them are red with white but this one was the light like something out of a movie . also the size of it . usually like this are big and have colorful urging you to come in but this one was small with an opening front and center . this combined with the eerie feeling should ' given me the answer turn back and don ' t go in but it did the opposite it my attention more . there was no line to wait after so i headed right in . inside was like outside dark . the only light came from a vanilla scented candle whose smell spread throughout the tent coming in my me in a weird way . the candle was neatly on a small round table that was covered with a white piece of cloth . besides the table were two small round one facing me and one facing away . . hello ? is anyone here ? i seeing no one . yes dear sit down i ' be out in a minute . the voice like it to a girl in her and it had a soothing and warm tone . the voice made me jump a little and i for its source finding nothing i sat down the money i for her to " tell my future . " . she came over to the table surprisingly fast . she had a black cloak so i ' t see more than a void looking at me . i have been you . ray she said in her calm and voice how do . . . . how do you know my name ? i trying to keep my composure but the thought of something being seriously wrong spread through my brain like a tumor . you saw the outside i am a future teller i can see in the future now tell me what about your future do you desire to know ? well i . . . halfway through the sentence my stopped coming out like something sewed my shut tight . i thought for a second and decided to do what everyone does . " well i want to know about my death in detail . " how disappointing . she said still in a calm voice . i was something greater from you but if that is what i wish that is what you shall get . oh and don ' t worry about the payment this is on the house . i was her to pull out the classic crystal globe mumble some " chant " and tell me something like " you will become a successful businessman " or " you will have a happy family with two " but what next shook me to the core . give me your . ray . my ? for what don ' t you have a crystal globe or something like that ? . ray she repeated please give me your . her voice was as calm as ever . i . . . i to protest find an excuse but i ' t come up with anything so i just said " fine here . " now close your with me she said while holding my . her were warm almost telling you to grab them and never let go . her skin was as smooth as velvet . the feeling of her was the same when grandma used to make on . alright if you say so . at this point i just gave in what ' s the worst that could happen ? we for a few but i to get lost in my head . there were many gross each with its own label . " stress " was a small contorted creature with a few of hair on its head . the were tiny bloodshot marbles like they had to watch a movie of times . there were other like " smoking " or " anxiety " . at the end of all of these was something strange a light the type of light you see at the end of a tunnel small yet full of hope . i must ' at it for longer than i want to admit . . ray do not open your but go towards the light until you reach it when you reach it touch it without fear . the coming out from made me almost jump out of the chair since i ' t them at that time . her voice was still warm and soothing but they ' t come from outside from the tent they now came from somewhere in my head down the creature ' s hallway . i ' t try to question how this was even possible . i the light . along the way were many more gross and all of them telling me to come closer and look at them but the voice continued to tell me to not go off the trail . at some point they got so disgusting they made every inch of my skin crawl and every bone in me to shake . i finally the light . it was to say the least . the of light was floating seemingly resting on nothing above the ground . the light inside of it was so bright it could blind every normal person but for some reason i was fine it also was so full of hope and life somehow . it was very hot i could feel it touching my face with small little dancing on my skin . the light . ray the hope in you and it ' s hot because that is desire . if you touch it won ' t burn you trust me . the soothing voice came again . that distracted me from looking at it and i to have second . what if i touch it ? what if i die ? but the voice told me everything was going to be fine and for some odd reason i this lady with every ounce of life i had like i knew her for and we were good plus i ' m too deep in this already no going back so i finally touched it . after i touched it everything bright like a nuclear bomb in my head . when i came to i was standing in front of my apartment complex with the lady beside me she spoke . now . ray we are at the day you die i thought this is the most detail i can give you . you will see everything that today we on the other hand can ' t be seen or touched we are like . she finished this sentence with a chuckle . wha . . . how ? how is this even possible ? time travel ' t exist this can ' t be real . . ray tell me this what is real when everything like an illusion and everyone fake almost ? for some reason what she just said felt like a punch in the gut was i ? did she drug me ? what the hell is happening ? all of these unanswered since i ' t say a word . thought so now . shall we ? said in a low calm and concentrated voice . we only have about to see everything before we go back to the reality we know . alright . . . fine let ' s . . let ' s go i said my voice was now trembling . i took another glance at her . she still had the same cloak on and i still ' t see her face . i again why but i ' t dare to ask her . as i was gazing at her lost in the void beneath the cloak she said " look over there . " i and i saw . . . me . it was me getting in the car early in the morning . i had the same white formal shirt the same black fabric pants with a black belt and the same blue tie with white . this was the outfit i went to work with . i got in the car and driving i drove through the same i always drive in to get to and back from work . the drive is about hour long . the of the forest from a natural archway all the way above the road . the are thick and green . their bark seemingly never being touched by anything so weird no in it . no nothing . the sun was barely getting to touch the dry concrete road because of the leaves blocking it from doing so . were chirping happily but there was no trace of them nowhere to be seen yet their chirp was so full of life and joy . the drive was somehow sped up and and i were keeping up to it . we were flying after it yes somehow we could fly . i ' t try to question this either because i actually flying . the rest of the day went as normal . . . until i had to go home . when i left work i found out our boss laid off some cause the company ' t doing as good as before and it ' t have enough money to pay everyone and i was next at least this is what told me . i angry and distressed so i guess it checked out sour of sadness almost forming in my . i threw the suitcase in my car the door and driving . i was flying along the road . i never speed so this was very unusual . i was also flying after myself to see what . was still with me when it . a tree had fallen on the road but i ' t have time to react and i the car in it . the black sedan was now half of the length it used to be . it caught fire the smell of burning oil was spreading through the air like the smoke from a factory . even myself the current self could barely support it . the car was completely little and were everywhere on the road and in the . i got thrown out of the window before it caught fire but that ' t what me . what next is like something out of a horror movie . the tree was not fallen from natural it like the tall wood tower was perfectly cut and there by someone . . . or something . as my body was slowly getting back up to grab my broken phone from the concrete something came out of the . at first my body leaves shuffle around . it " who ' s there ? " but got no response . a few went by . it pounced . a tall creature gaunt to the maximum with the skin tightly over the . the were pushing out against thrash gray skin like they to escape . its were deeply back into their . its were tattered and bloody . the creature an odor of decay death and corruption . when i saw this creature my stomach to turn like a washing machine at triple speed . my skin was itching like of were on me . i to look away so badly but i ' t for some reason . at one point i to think about scooping my out to never see this again . the odor was already bad enough but combined with the burning oil made for one hell of a smell . as i said the creature pounced and ripping me to . body were flying everywhere my were being from my body with brute force and by the hungry creature . the worst part was hearing myself scream for help but getting no answer the sound of being cracked to and flesh ripping from them the more and more muffled as this went longer . the creature stopped only when my were left on the road along with a pool of blood . the puddle of blood was huge like nothing i ever saw before . after i saw this i yelling for it to stop . i ' t take it any longer i to die to make everything stop . my brain was i was . i to get out of there . just watched motionless emotionless . what the is wrong with you ? i at her . what do you mean ? you to know how you die in detail . this is how you will go she said still in that warm and monotone voice . lady you have serious ! i said still yelling . the only one that is you . ray you this i gave you what you not my fault you can ' t take it . i was speechless i ' t know what to do or say so i just said " can we . . . get out of here please ? " . as you wish . ray . after she said this everything turned bright again . i my and let go of her . we were back at the tent . as i got up to leave reality came down on me . she said " come again soon " with a chuckle . like hell i will i thought to myself . when i got back home it was already late . i was so tired i went directly to sleep and slept most of too my brain surely it . that was one week ago . today two got laid off since the company ' t have money to pay them . there ' s a shadow in my room . it across the floor . i can never tell what ' s casting it or where it goes when it . the shadow will sometimes stop and talk to me for awhile but there is no mouth that or even that see me . it ' s blind to me and deaf to my fear but it without a sound . i know what it ' s saying and what the mean but i could never tell you what the shadow like it might sound just like me . i haven ' t been seeing the shadow lately but i know it ' t gone . it ' s still here somewhere . somewhere . i can sometimes hear it ' s voice still soundless in my . the air still of darkness no matter how bright the . there are pressing in on me but i ' m entirely alone i can almost find comfort in the shadow in my home . but i ' m worried and . i don ' t know what the shadow or if it ' ever have it . if it came to me again i might run for help but i ' t no where to turn . who would believe me who ' t doubt ? why would i of all the people on earth be this pain ? what me so special to be this target ? no . the shadow returned and i did nothing as it continued to stalk my bed . it stopped speaking a long time ago and now without it . its reach out for me sometimes and they don ' t shrink away from the . it ' s coming to my room less often now but it ' t . i feel it every moment as though it ' s hidden itself away in the very darkness i cast . sometimes i stand directly below bright to try to drive it out but i only ever see it in my room at night . i haven ' t been writing as much as i used to . i can hear the scratching of the pencil just as often . the keyboard still away with the ghost of my passion and yet there is nothing . i have hardly at all i can barely lift my but the music turns on and off and the still at nights . someone somewhere is writing for me living for me . someone i don ' t know but have met several times in the night . somewhere inside my own body . i haven ' t i haven ' t spoken but all my are laughing . i ' m not the present and the past is more distant than the future . the shadow is under my skin wearing me like a suit . it and it what i think . the more time the harder it and the present into the future . with the grip of is around my mind and it ' s within my own i fear that i may never write again and the shadow ' s life will be my own . but maybe . . . maybe that ' s alright . maybe i don ' t need to be afraid of it . maybe it ' s better than me anyway . i woke up to the sound of going off . not an unusual occurrence where i live . waking up to that sound is unpleasant still so i t too happy about waking up to the warning noise of an incoming rocket barrage . springing out of bed i headed toward the air raid shelter as fast as i could . counting up to thirty i to hear at least a few in the distance . i knew all too well one could go off right next door or right under my ceiling but i was that t happen . not today . admittedly i up to a hundred and ten by the time i got inside the shelter and locked it shut . luckily i was safe this time at least . i been through this time and again the go off the whistle in the sky above . eventually a few of them land not far from where i live after getting past the we have here . hell one even landed across the road a few ago . it t change the fact that i m stuck in a hellish routine . we all are . you can t change that we re stuck in this routine as morbid as it may sound . silence counter strike rinse and repeat . you learn to live with it . you get used to it and you start not as much as you should at some point . anyway i don t think i have much time . i stayed inside the shelter for the ten not hearing the any longer nor any blast i made my way out . got myself dressed and headed outside . to catch a neighbor to see what the commotion was about this time . dark hung tightly in the sky almost all the sunlight . an iron scent hung in the air . something was clearly wrong this much i when i seen the entire neighborhood on its . everywhere i i seen someone standing outside staring in awe at the sky . it was like everyone was forced out of their and had their turned towards the sky . it took me a moment to realize why they were all staring at the sky . a thunderclap across the street and then i saw it an ever growing ball of light slowly making its way in the neighborhood ' s direction . in a couple of it was by a few more flying in our direction . some forty later i could see a miniature sun racing across the sky . it was headed straight at the s house . i knew i should get back inside but just as i turned to run that fireball into its target . it produced a shock wave strong enough to knock me off my . when i got back up everyone was running around smoke and fire spread everywhere in sight . more were headed towards my direction from the sky . i coming from my left and turned my head there . hell i t have done that . in front of me stood a massive hairless dog like thing . i t catch its . i m not sure there s enough space on its head for with such a jaw . it had or rather attached to its back . inside its mouth the lower half of what to be anna . her upper half was on the pavement right below that thing crawling . i think it had one of her in its thing i don t know . adrenaline in and i ran . i it as fast as i could have into my house and ran straight inside the air raid shelter . whatever that monster was i want nothing to do with it . i been here for the last six . reception comes and goes since i m practically inside a bunker . i enough in here for wartime to last for a couple of running water . i keep hearing something trying to ram itself in . strange as it may sound it s trying to ram its way in through the rather than the door . i m starting to lose my reception again . i provide an update as soon as i can . if anyone near the peninsula in the sky hide as best as you can . make sure whatever this is can t get to you . worst of all i keep hearing the of my calling out to me from the wall . they are to be let in begging to be escape this monstrosity . these t my i swear i could hear anna s voice calling out to me from beyond the door . property of police department . i m going to use this journal as evidence . evidence that will be used when my suicide is inevitably . that s what when you get too close . the highest honor as a journalist is getting by the government . it s funny i used to think like everyone else i that the government had my best interest . i was a sheep . i know better now now i know too much . i plan to write all i learned here . i will write it later i have to finish my house before sunfall . the importance of my sunk in today when i saw the news . they re saying he s dead . i know he s alive probably in with . i m i don t really believe s alive that s why you have to trust me i m not a conspiracy theorist . or i guess i am now i don t really know what to trust . god it dark so quick tomorrow i will write my tomorrow . i m writing this in my bathtub with a double barrel in my lap . they re onto me they know . i don t know how . i haven t posted anything i been silent on my i quit my job at the paper . that s how they know . i m an idiot how could i do something so stupid . of course there onto me when i learned the truth i fled my job and old life . i might as well the ad to say i m onto them . it t matter my all that is this journal . this journal the truth and i will make sure everyone the truth . i a friend of mine who still works at the paper . i was on telling her about the journal so when i die she can publish it but she s blind a sheep who can t accept the truth when it s in front of her face . she me crazy can t she see i m the only sane person . some government goon her that he s dead and she him . she see when i wind up with three in the back of the head and they tell her it s a suicide or maybe she believe it . i t write yesterday . i left my journal in the living room and when i went to grab it i saw them . about five all standing on the opposite side of the street . they were looking directly at my house i don t know if she told someone . i should have known she would be so close minded . i ran and in the bathroom again but i ended up falling asleep and when i woke up they were gone . i finished fortifying my house today it s like something out of home alone . there are glass in the carpet and the are up . if somehow they make it through to my bedroom i will be waiting with my faithful shotgun . i might be able to sleep in my bed tonight . i don t have much time left . today someone on my door i froze in place convinced they were here for me . hello were with the association and we would like to talk about your . i t know what to do if i them they might call the police if i the door they would see the traps i had set they might work for the government i might be by a pistol if i open that door . i chose to hide in the bathroom with my gun and hope they leave which they did after a while . i don t know if they re coming back but i know that whatever i will be ready . i m writing this to say . today a knock on my door me awake from my half asleep state . i for whoever was knocking to call out but it was silent . i crept out of the bathroom toward the bedroom window . i out seeing a car in my driveway with the on but i t see the man who . this sent me into panic mode . i put my finger on the trigger of my shotgun which to be than before . i slowly toward the living room where the front door . i saw a shadow peer through the window and i threw myself to the ground he t see me . but of course he did . he out sir can you please come to the door . i stayed frozen in place if i t move he would forget he saw me . his shadow faded away and i the sound of him trying the doorknob . i knew this was it he was going to break open the door and kill me . i t going to let that happen . i was going to kill him before he had the chance . i snuck toward the door and his knock made me jump . i breathed in shakily and set the barrel of the gun against the wooden door . i set my finger on the trigger prepared for his next knock . a sharp rap in front of me and i the trigger . the blast from the gun my wooden shrapnel went everywhere and the man fell . in front of me was a man dressed in a collared shirt and sweater that was once light blue but now dark red with blood . i t imagine a less threatening man but he had frightened me . he let out a gurgling sound that me of the mouthwash at the dentist . he and i and let out another shot . there was no door to soften the blow and what was once a man was no more . only a piece of meat . i the of the man and him inside i got his body halfway into the living room before i the uselessness of it . my door was and his car was in my driveway i was dead . i spent the rest of the night more traps and security so i would be prepared when they came . i m in my room now writing this and to get some sleep before they arrive . i hope someone this journal and that i only in self defense what else do you do when those who are supposed to protect you are after you . the journal had been found just not by who the man had hoped for . when we received a call from a neighbor who we up at his house unprepared for what was inside . as soon as we at the scene we blood in the driveway and a door . i back up and even as i the from the inside and the . backup and we the house finding the two who with me dead . one from a trap that ended with three in his stomach . the other was shot with a shotgun but not before wounding the owner of this house of . he out in the bathtub as i for backup . we also found another man who was shot twice . four dead the psychotic owner of the journal two police and one homeowner s association member . the slow rev of my car turned into an unhealthy whine . the old beast came to a pathetic halt making my heart sink like a rock . " . " i angrily my on the wheel . " it ' s . " abigail me . she was my ever assured and level headed wife who sat beside me . even now with her hair in a untidy bun her face free of and her sunken from sleep deprivation she was beautiful . " i ' check the engine . " i told her my . she went to do the same but i put my hand on the buckle to stop her . " no you rest up . " she ' t particularly dissatisfied but abigail never being the damsel in distress . as i lent over she my forehead . i and slowly my hand to her pregnant stomach . i could feel my son in there breathing and squirming . i got out of the car and shut the door behind me . it was blisteringly cold . we were surrounded by and lit only by our barely . i could hear some kind of waterfall nearby as it was the only sound . on the left hand side the were dense and about ten away from the dirt road . on the right was the base of the mountain rocky and prone to mild or severe . our car was a beaten up dusty old and fact it ' t sizzling was a good sign . the engine ' t completely and was certainly fixable . i took to the back of the car and it revealing all our stuff . our suit full of clothes my acoustic guitar stuff for the baby all buried atop of my ever helpful box of . i dug them out and them up . they were older and more beaten up than the car down from my grandpa to my dad then to me . but if it works it works . as i back to the front i abigail had her window . " you ' re not fixing it yourself are you ? " " are you ? " " come back inside it ' s cold . i ' call someone . " " if its cold close the window and don ' t let it in . do you even have service ? " " yeah . well it comes on and off . " " i ' get a head start on it . " as i walk away abigail a hand out to grab my arm . " you don ' t always have to be the hero . " she knew i ' t like hearing that and in hindsight i can see how right she is . i gently removed her grasp . " don ' t go like that . " i her back in the car . " hey least he ' like when he ' s older . not like his sheep of a dad . " i but then very conscious of the noise we were making . abigail read me like a book again . " what is it ? think something ' s get us ? " she . i a bit awkwardly . it was like i was talking to her for the first time again . " it . . . something could . there ' s in these . " i over her shoulder myself of her shotgun on the back two . " if i yell you get ready with that alright ? " abigail . " whatever . i ' m calling the maintenance company . " " alright . it ' s freezing i get this done . " she rolled up the window and i got to work . being a mechanic since i was sixteen i was well versed in the of the car so i was confident i could fix it whenever it broke down . abigail her son to be born in where she grew up so we were driving to stay with her there for a few as we await the birth . i ' m self employed so i could just offer my there to keep earning cash . my also gave me a chance to show off as i unfortunately to do . but today the scene was different . the wind chilled me to my making them quiver . my shook with a mix of the cold and uncertainty . this place was not a safe nor comfortable one . my uncertainty led to my failure to fix the engine . the oil pan ' s came loose and thing was royally . the clumsy nature that i took them off made me cut my hand with my . nothing bad but i was bleeding . " abigail ! " i . she rolled down the window and hurried out dropping the hoodie she was as a blanket in the dirt . " what is oh . " knowing exactly what to do . before i could protest she remove my coat and it around my hand tightly . as it to soak with blood and the wound with pain she it even . " that was . . . that coat was expensive . " i . i saw her smile which made the go away . " shut up . " she slinging the rest of the coat over my shoulder . i it steady . " i ' get the actual . does it hurt ? " " yeah . " " pussy . " " you what ? " we both . as she my hand to lead me into the car i get a sinking feeling . i stop tugging her backwards by accident . " ? " there ' s shuffling coming from the . the rhythm of a chant to overpower the waterfall . my zip about the trying to make sense of it all to find the source . " what ' s that ? " " get the gun . " i murmur . abigail onto my hand a bit . taking my away from the i look at her . they ' re an emotion i rarely see from her . the and become more aggressive . my dart back to the . red little beady litter the tree like . they move up and down left to right and they all center on abigail . the chanting is like talking now . " get the gun . " i command again . abigail is frozen in fear . i dart in front of her pushing her back got he car . " get the gun abigail . " i say more desperately . the pick up on my fear and appear to move closer . in the darkness i can now see their skinny . they twitch and some convulse unnaturally . they ' re naked as i see no or unnatural . abigail is in the car scrambling for the shotgun . that ' s when they make their move . they were there then they were all over us . they like scrambling all around me and the car like . they bit slashed even and . they were i a few but i could not see much of them as they to blind me . but the worst part were the they made . they in a horrible chesty way like pack a day . and they by god did they scream . loud high soul crushing . they out abigail for help . i a few from the shotgun and the shattering . they all over the car breaking inside as the rest me to the ground . i was bleeding pretty bad and i could only open my for short . i saw old men and their skin and hard . of their like they took time to carve into themselves . they were filthy and stunk like . i don ' t remember when they stopped or what after i was torn up on the ground they just went . it was as if they were a vision or a mirage . but my clothes were blood . they ' d me up and it stung like all hell . as i forced myself to stand the wilderness was quiet again . abigail was gone . they took nothing except her even leaving the shotgun behind . i would ' cried had i not been so angry . my car was ruined . the were all broken and the were more or less torn off the were the were open the trunk open our had been to . but i ' t care i barely acknowledged it in my mind . i put on my cost checked up on my wounds then the shotgun and into the . like i said it was as quiet as a graveyard . there were no no after been disturbed by the attack . the forest slept . the only noise was what i towards the waterfall . i ' t see i was blind so i had to listen . the worst spring into my mind as i with passion and determination . why ' t she screaming ? i the waterfall to descend a steep dirt slope . breaking through the i found myself at a . it was lit up by . these could understand fire ? i the as they a clear path . my body so . i finally found the waterfall . the led right to it . it was high and splashed down onto a rocky ledge before finally into the river . lost for a moment i around for some kind of settlement or camp . i their to be at about thirty so they must have some kind of home base . that ' s when i clocked it . i slung the shotgun over my shoulder and myself onto the ledge . the water fell painfully onto my as i the waterfall . there was a cave behind it . the were and cut leaving in the stone . the lighting was sparse and the ground was covered in dead grass . i my weapon in my two no matter how much it pained my newly wound . i in . the around me but it like they were coming from behind above even bellow me . the more common as the tunnel got and more narrow . this place ' t feel natural not even real . the tunnel so narrow i had to side step myself up against the stone . as it more and more the air thin . taking deep i them for as long as possible and them in natural . it me down fortunately . on one of the all the excess air was out as a sprung from the stone . they clawed at my my nose and . they ' t gray they ' t from the they were just . . . there . i as loud as i could but the just my mouth shut . they jabbed at my tried to pull my hair and from my body . i ' t bring up my shotgun so i just it and tried to bat the away . eventually i to the floor stuck between the small gap . the clawed at all my body and apart my clothes . they at my body becoming more a more violent trying to rip it apart . once again i don ' t remember it ending it just did . i was left quivering in the small rocky gap my shotgun just out of reach . my bloody wounds were sticking to the and would be painful to remove them . but i did standing up and stumbling froward . i the end where the tunnel finally to open up again . a sprawling network of out before me with a sunken crypt bellow it . it was like a beehive . i saw the around the of the like but none would come out . the area was lit up by more and a single man stood in the of the crypt . he was naked skinny and feral . the creature to be human but he ' t . he was and his were turning unnaturally . he right forearm was backwards and his left hand was three hundred and sixty . he faced away from me . i ' t know what to do so i stayed silent looking down at him . as more of the came to the of their they down at me . as whispering and chanting the creature in the middle turned its head around and at me . when i say head i mean just the head . it ' s body stayed exactly where it was . it ' s face was sunken in . his beard was long and gray . he had no but he did had a toothy awful grin and pure dark red . " . . . . . . . . " he chanting . it was abigail ' s voice . i stepped backwards and around the hive . more and more of the came bounding to the of their . they ran on all and in the one after the other . " . . . . . . . " the noise bouncing off the . the chorus eventually to overlap over itself a aura . my head heavy and the room unclear . as i snapped back to it i raised my gun . they were out of range but maybe something would ricochet and give one of them even a little bit of pain . but i ' t shoot as i something . they all had abigail ' s face but twisted . her were pure red her skin was rough and . her have into it . i ' t move . i was at the sight of it all . i was all too aware of the presence walking up behind me . " she . is . with . us . " a voice whispered . it was horrible like the wind mixed with gravel and tobacco . i ' t bear to turn around and face it . i left some time later i can ' t tell you when . all i know is that three days had but my wounds had only gotten worse . search and rescue picked me up a few from the mountain as i down the dirt . it ' s been a few i know that at least . my whole perception of time is up . when i think i was sitting for a minute it ' s usually been . when i think i had been awake for an hour it becomes night . like i said these keep getting worse . puss out of them sometimes it ' s red and sometimes it purple . one of them slashed up my left eye and now i can barely see out of it . my body each day . i can ' t eat without it tasting of dirt and rock . i feel myself dying soon . i don ' t whither away here churning out puss blood and from every whole in my body . i bought a new gun and made myself a few . i haven ' t worked for a while but i still have enough money to rent a car . i ' m going back to that mountain to the cave behind the waterfall . i ' m going die a hero killing every single one of them . this is about a few different which may seem unrelated but hear me out . it s about a secret government program from the s and s which you almost certainly have never of but which immensely affected your life . it is about the festival of and how it the world forever . and it is about me . see i have a condition or atrial septal defect . literally i have a hole in my heart . a small one but a hole always me ever since i was born . i fatigue easily and get irregular at times . as such my mostly kept me out of intense physical . so i mostly stayed indoors and read . i did well in school . as i got older i had to avoid many of the my were getting into . i t drink in fact i never have to this day . were becoming more but i never touched them . my general seclusion and introverted nature meant i t really interact with much either even though it was the generation of love . i just the line i had been on obediently doing everything i could to earn the praise and respect of my conservative . they were pretty much the only people in my life back then and they had come from hard . the depression a world war and a lifetime of . they t want me to have to go through what they did . i worked hard for them . i got my degree in at . it was a pretty new field and . had only teaching it there in if i recall . i was one of his first . i did very well in my and went on to get a doctorate myself . i wrote my dissertation on how stimuli in a person s environment can affect the way they think and behave . i was very passionate about it . my dad was always worried about the war . despite his stance against communism one i he had been on the of and knew what those who were being shipped to the other side of the world . i suppose it was part of why he had so enthusiastically my academic despite that he never really understood them . deferment t the only benefit either . they came to me eventually men from the government . they were interested in my work . they me a job . they told me they to change the world . to change people . to make them better . they said other too . that and were tearing the country and the world apart and that soviet infiltration was everywhere . and promiscuity were the which our society together . i felt the same way at the time . in some ways i was the perfect person for the job . as straight edge as any ever was . i accepted their offer with excitement and was given my own team and lab . and so the project . it would only take a year before we doing our first based on my while the war in the background . it was a fitting backdrop in retrospect . the first thing we tried was treating the which the and of so many of the brave men who had gone to help fight the red menace . we had some limited success and i was happy to be helping my country . but the men up top more . they thought we could go further and every success on my part just to reinforce that idea in them . and in me . i to go further too . so i did . we expanded our program . i had extensive of data to work with and the full weight and backing of the federal government at my disposal . if i something it would be there no . we were going to change everything . to make it better . or at least that s what i thought . and that me to . it was weird being there so outside anything i had ever known . an orgy of drug love violence and music . in some ways the world s first rave i guess . i was definitely out of my element there . but i to be present for the experiment . because of my condition i was afraid of getting too caught up in the of people an ocean of . they to be fun . despite the light rain and the mud . i t really understand it at the time . it was beyond me back then that many of these people the same i did . they to change the world . to make it better . they just had a different way of doing it . i was there to burn that out of them . it still like just yesterday august . the day operation though it t be that yet . a lot of work had gone into getting our material into the audio and it t go flawlessly . there were many over the several days of the festival and i had to tweak and revise many of my and based on the behavioral i across the event s duration . it was a start though and i was pretty happy with where stood after day one . i had a lot of to read about made by many of my who were also in the crowd . so i was a bit when i was outside my tent by a young woman . she had herself randomly out of the nowhere . not something i was really used to . apparently . not really knowing what else to do and eager to get back to work i she d go away afterwards . she t leave though . apparently she had come alone and t really know anyone else at the concert . i guess she was a bit of a wallflower or at least that was how she herself . i m not sure why she targeted me specifically . but i her . i t a mean person then or now . maybe just confused . the work and for perhaps the first time in my life i just spent some time chatting with another person about that t academic despite my constant desire and to steer the conversation in that direction . she did humor me as well though eventually me talk a bit about what i did . i had to be careful though a lot of it was highly classified . but i was good at moving between the and it felt nice to unload some of my and to someone new . sort of spiraled from there and she ended up with me that night . she had apparently been looking to sleep with me but i t have the courage so we simply my tent . but the operation continued unabated . the next day it was right back into the grind . the who and airplane were the background music as i collected my data . i had never really to much music so most of it was new to me . the t as good as i d have but they were noticeable . we what i exit with many of the people leaving the concert early . our goal was to see why they thought they no longer to be there . i am quite sure we were an effect but it t easy to know exactly what these people were feeling or thinking from the stimuli we were them with . they would just say like it s too rainy . or i m tired . or i m just not feeling it . vague some of which were probably truthful . but i could tell we were an effect of some sort . we closely tracked the number of and it was undeniable that the were starting to thin a bit even as the ramped up . we had to make to the pretty often . the tonal we used were very experimental at the time . not nearly as refined as they would later be . but it was a start at least . that first night i had switched everything to an entirely new pattern i had come up with one we had scarcely tested yet . found me again a bit later . i guess at that point i had been thinking about her somewhat already . i really t ever thought much about or romance before then but after spending a night with her i suppose i finally to better understand what i might have been missing all these . i was glad for her company . she t like me at all though . i recall quite well some of her at the time which i just t understand back then . life is about love . it s about fun . yourself . i definitely t understand it . but she said other too . i want to help make the world a better place . a happier place . i want people to be nice to be kind to each other . i did understand that . that was the mission after all . to make the world a better place . i less about myself that night and actually to her own of her life . she had also had a father who fought in the world war . her family had in many ways like mine . but somehow she had come out of it as a very different sort of individual than myself . that night was actually the first time i had ever had sex . she kind of when she found out but me through the process . funny that i call it a process . i guess old ways of thinking die hard even after so many . it was awkward for me at the time but i still think about that night a lot . the next day was an important one . day two we d be testing my latest theory . this was one the pentagon had a great interest in . they thought it could help with the war effort and i thought maybe they were right . you t actually hear the which flooded from the as the . they were technically inaudible . but they would still affect you . the way you thought the way you . that day the crowd grew increasingly intense and maybe even violent at times . i an increase in the number of people dancing . the amount of motion . the the crowd made . i was certain it was working even if just a little . to the apathy we had produced the day before this surge of energy was obvious . if we could somehow use this to increase the aggressiveness and drive of our maybe we could salvage that pitiful war in east ? that was the idea anyways . i actually ended up them cut off the signal once we to observe some breaking out in the audience . i t interested in more violence i had the data i at that point . that night she came again . and so did i . we spent more time talking afterward . she spoke to me about how she the energy and of being in that place that concert . i mostly just found it to be wet dirty noisy and uncomfortable . by that point though i had come to realize someone to talk to about beyond my work was a nice break from it . but when i to many of the as and i could see the annoyance in grow . she clearly t see the world in the same way i did . her as best as i remember them were something like just wanting peace wanting to have fun being kind to each other . is that communism to you ? i guess i t really know back then . communism was some amorphous threat . she t look like a communist . she just like a girl a show . it was hard for me to see at the moment but i was relishing in her attention even if i t really comprehend her perspective . where i saw and people who had wasted their potential and t love their country she saw people just trying to have a good time . were there political ? sure there were plenty of in the of the by the myriad who or maybe by my perspective back then cursed the stage . but really was i any different ? i was sending out my own through those same . the third day was our most important test . in a sense it was the climax of the entire affair . we d been doing polling with those in the audience to try and ascertain their political . we did so under the guise of being the supposedly historic event . the idea was to see if we could change people s the i had . it to work well in a laboratory setting and we had many . we could actually almost fine tune a person s perspective with the right stimuli . the brain is just a machine after all . but could we do it at scale ? that was the question that would be that day . nash young were the platform which over the excited amalgamation of young and old who had found their way to new york for this unwitting experiment . and through the the crowd was flooded with my creation . my hope for mankind . i was going to make people better . our exit were everything i could have hoped for . i don t think the subtlety of the effects could have been easily measured but i was sure of it . maybe it was just a leap of faith but i made sure to talk to the same people i had to before where possible . the difference was stark to me even if it t obvious to many of my . they what i based on our lab . those who were leaving to head home were often feeling disaffected and generally apathetic about the concert and its purpose and . it was only around seven to nine percent who displayed such a response but for such a short exposure that was significant . i was elated . oddly enough it was me who tracked down that evening . i don t know why i was when i found her with another man . free love as they it had been happening all around me this entire time . i should have as much . but it did hurt . she t seem to think much of it . it t like we were married or had even been dating . in fact i barely knew her . but i guess those two nights had something in me which i t really come to fully understand until much later . but i t know how to deal with it at the time so i back to my work . there was still much to be done . day four was phase four . it was pretty much over for the of our experimental concert but for us the real work was only just beginning . it was time to see how well we had done . and that would take time . over the next year or so we continued to reach out to our in as much information about them and their as we could under the guise of various phone and . we also did similar for their and family pretty much anyone in their orbit . i even did an exit interview and follow with . in fact that was how we . my for her were something i had at first . i had been quite sure she was just a fling a brief flirtation in a moment of my life . so i was quite when she shamelessly me if i to go grab a few at the end of one of my brief with her . i t drink so i her over for dinner instead . from there . i got to know her a bit better and we dating more properly . it was odd but somewhat exhilarating . at first i think i was mainly just enamored with her because she was the first person i had ever been intimate with . but as i got to know her better she to reveal a whole new world . where i saw weakness and threat she saw humanity and hope . where i saw social and political she saw self expression . i remember with my dad that i was dating a commie during a thanksgiving dinner in her presence . she took it all in stride . i knew she t a communist . she t even political . she was just a person who people to be able to be safe and happy in a world filled with more love . she drank and smoked and had sometimes done marijuana and fornicated . all the i had almost entirely from my entire life . on account of my condition or so i had always told myself . yes it was true that my heart and that tiny hole in it made me weak . but her heart in a different way and she made me weak as well . over the course of our first few together she me better understand that there is more to life than just work . still the work had to go on and it was still my true love i t have much time for her . she lived about an hour away so seeing each other frequently was difficult . our short relationship to fade slowly a sharp contrast to how quickly it had like the sudden burst of flame of a lit candle flickering out in its own pool of wax . i thought it was just as well at the time because we were about to finally pull the trigger . we d gotten authorization from on high and operation was about to go . i t wait to see what the of all my would be . could it actually work at that scale ? could it help end the war ? make people love each other and their country ? could i save people from all their bad and all their bad and make them more like myself ? so in the spring of we the aural on a mass scale . it was just a few radio at first but because they were we could measure the with surprising accuracy . were good so we took it a step further . with central audio were a perfect testing ground the pa being able to transmit the inaudible throughout the entirety of a day . to whole us to compare a number of before and after metrics to the behavior and performance of the . it t long before they to start testing the use of aural pattern on our men in uniform . the war t going well despite what the government tried to claim at the time . it had turned into a slow trudge through a foreign jungle fought by veritable who had barely finished . they morale support if they were going to mentally deal with the horrible of the fight they found themselves in . so i expanded my testing in that direction . they them to be more aggressive . . fearless . all tall and even then i was unsure how i felt about this particular deviation from the original plan . i had gone into it to make people better as people not as . i still thought the war was important though the domino collapse of what i thought of as seeming as real to me as the ever present risk of strategic nuclear war . this stage of the project went on for about a year . one of the we as we was that the attempt to up aggression t really correlate well to better battlefield performance . instead like and fighting between men within their own went up . this had the opposite effect on morale of that desired so that project was eventually abandoned . just as the war itself was . sometimes i wonder if that phase of my work to our eventual loss . i guess i never really know for sure there are many at play in such . but operation continued to roll out to the civilian population . by almost every radio and television station in the country had my aural bleeding from them into the and of a public . it t be until later i d really come to understand exactly what we had done . my first clue was when i met again after a few of pretty much no contact . she had out to me out of the blue apparently just wanting someone to talk to after her mother had away . i m not sure why she chose me . but we met up and we . it was pleasant enough or at least as pleasant as a conversation can be under those . she was clearly distressed but she tried not to show it too much . i think she eventually to feel better and i actually her to stay the night if she to . she accepted i had a guest bedroom she could use . we spent much of the evening talking and catching up before retiring . i remember feeling like she had somehow . she t talk in the ways she used to . or at least not with the same passion . she more subdued perhaps almost less . more interested in her own little to say about those of . she t ask much about me or my own life . of course she was grieving and had grown older . i t know at the time what might be at play just as i t know what led to our loss in . life is complicated and we are the of an uncountable number of external stimuli . we live in a complex environment after all . but as the after that we seeing similar in the public at large . people were becoming more individualistic more apathetic more subdued and less . it was subtle but still statistically significant . i should have been elated as i once had been . this was exactly what i had all along right ? to make people better . better . but it is no coincidence that i say it made them less and i m not sure i would have really seen it had it not been for . because something about her had and it took some time to put my finger directly on what it was . she had lost her bleeding heart . she was no longer as enthusiastic about making the world a better place . she mostly just thought and about herself and her own . some of that i m sure is just getting older . but the data for the population at large spoke for itself . those higher up it . it was everything they could have hoped for . but seeing the passion stripped from like that made me really begin to introspect on what exactly we were doing to people . was i really making the world better ? i to wonder what effect it was on me . after all i had been exposed just as much as anyone else if not . was i still the same person i had been ? i don t think i ever know for sure . it s no longer in my . i have been retired for a long time . but my pet project been studied by countless other and . because in the end the mind is just a machine . it is by its environment . just like propaganda any stimuli can affect how it works . how it . how it . aural was just the beginning . they have much more sophisticated as well now . and it is everywhere . you have probably of such albeit from and conspiracy . this is a conspiracy in a sense but it t a theory . and i am not a crackpot . even as you read this you are being exposed . i don t really know what the effects are i don t have access to the most current or . but your mind t as much of your own as you think it is . i do wonder though if the crossing of so many different all trying to barrage you with their own t somehow related to the state of society in general . i mean how can anyone deal with so much conflicting input ? is it even possible ? or is it driving us to collective neurosis ? to madness ? the future me . i m lucky in a sense as my time nearly come and gone . my heart condition gotten better as i gotten older though . medicine gotten better and a surgery and some regiment of mostly the hole in my heart close . but my heart in a different way now . i try not to listen to radio or or consume much media in general . it is all highly . i wear when i go out in public . i think it . i feel more hopeful . more compassionate . maybe even more loving . i still want to make the world a better place . but that task will likely fall on you now . one thing i hear a lot is that my generation ruined the world . that we only took and took and left nothing but in our wake down to our . that might be true . i m sure it is in in some ways . but that t the generation i remember seeing at all those ago . that spirit they had the desire to help and improve the world . to love it and each other . to spread happiness . it t just fade . it was . so the next time you hear an boomer . or the next time you feel the need to complain about how my generation screwed everyone over . the next time you hear someone the blame on them . don t . don t blame them . blame me . and buy . i losing time when i was . i remember it clearly . i woke up and at the clock am . i went over to the closet and out what i ' d wear to school . a few later my poked her head in . " we need to leave or we ' re going to be late ! " i at the clock . . at the time i ' t think much of it . i thought i ' d at the clock fallen back asleep somehow and then gotten out of bed . or maybe it was some weird daylight thing . but then it kept happening . when i was i lost time on a field trip to the museum of natural history . i ' d away from the group to look at the mineral collection . what felt like ten of staring at a slab of malachite was actually three . two police found me . i ' t on any more field after that . it kept happening as i got older . at i was supposed to meet my crush at the school dance . i went to the bathroom only to come out and find him dancing with someone else two later . at i lost half a day after a heavy night of . i told myself it was the alcohol that i ' d just out but i knew better . at i a friend ' s entire wedding while getting ready . at i unwillingly spent two in the bathtub while getting ready for a date with my now husband . my were so . and then a year ago there was the incident . i went into the kitchen to grab a snack while watching my two sons . after a handful of chocolate chips i at the oven clock . it was forty five later . i ran out of the kitchen screaming my sons " but they were . they could ' run away fallen down . but instead they were pouring chocolate milk onto the rug and in it laughing . that was what spurred me to act . i saw a psychiatrist . a sleep specialist to test for narcolepsy . i saw every kind of doctor i could think of . they did every kind of test . they found nothing . so i decided to study it myself . i got a journal and writing down each episode . when it . for how long . what i was doing at the time . what i ' d eaten drank . " there ' t really a pattern " i told my husband . " i mean it only while i ' m alone . but that ' s the only common thread . " " there ' s got to be a pattern . let me have a look . " my husband is a man of science . everything can be proven according to him . life all comes down to . there s no room for the unexplained . " there ' t a pattern " i said him the little black book . " there ' s got to be . " he sat in the armchair for a good twenty through the . i sat there awkward a feeling of unease my stomach . " they ' re getting more frequent " he not looking up . i knew that already i just ' t want to say it out loud . i ' d had three just in the past six . as many as i ' d had in my entire s . i was . he out a breath . " i don ' t know what to tell you . you ' re right . i don ' t see an obvious pattern . " so we were back to square one . over the coming the grew closer together . two apart . then three . then four days . i refusing to go anywhere alone for fear i ' d lose time . " is this really necessary ? " as he me to the bathroom . " yes " i through the crack in the door . " can ' t we just close the door ? i ' keep on you . every five . promise . " " . promise ? " " promise . " i got out of the bathroom two and a half later . was sitting on the floor pale and panicked holding a bent bobby pin . " i kept calling out to you . after about ten you ' t answer . so i got this bobby pin and i thought i could pick the lock but i ' t and " i sat on the floor and him . " it ' s " i whispered . " it ' s not . i i have to admit there was a part of me that ' t believe you . i mean that was the only explanation . and " he . " i ' m so sorry . " " it ' s . " somehow that made me feel better . . i had to be strong for him . i had to beat this . " why don ' t we go out this weekend ? family outing ? " i forced a laugh . " then i won t be alone . " " that nice " he said . it had been a while since we ' d been out . this problem had us eating our sanity and our time until there was nothing left . on evening i put on a little my favorite outfit and then we up in the car . " where are we going ? " ben . " i watch " said . " we ' re going to have a nice dinner and then we ' re going to walk around and see all the in town . " " that boring " said . " it ' s so cold " ben added . i the of the car seat into place . " it ' be fun . i promise . " i got in the driver ' s seat . got in beside me and then we were off . i up the car out of the driveway . we were halfway there when it . an eighteen wheeler in the other direction . blazing . going too fast for the icy weather . it over the line . no no no . it was coming so fast . towards our tiny accord . i had no time to react . no time to swerve . no time to click . darkness . is this the afterlife ? did i just die ? my mind for an explanation . oh god . ben . . . they ' re all gone . my poor my sons my no . there was something else . carpet under my . the smell of fruit gum in the air . thumping from somewhere under me . huh ? my open . i was standing in my room looking into a closet full of pink and purple clothes . what ? i m back in my room ? i stood there for a long time . close to an hour . then click i was standing in the museum cold air nipping at my arms . staring up at a slab of malachite the dark green that and around each other . click i was standing in the high school bathroom staring at my reflection . the rolling guitar of ' s you and me in . click lying in bed staring at the ceiling head pounding . click standing in front of a mirror wearing a royal blue dress . click laying in the bathtub . click standing in the kitchen staring at the oven clock chocolate chips melting in my hand . click . click . click . all the time i ' d lost on me all at once . days happening all in the span of a millisecond . my life flashing before my . and time . the time i to think . my snapped open . the truck was roaring towards us . immediately i the steering wheel . we into the grass . the truck by screeching on the asphalt . we wheeled through the mud then rolled to a stop . i at my husband . he at me breathless and pale from the passenger seat . i turned around . both our sons back at me wide eyed trapped into their car . ben spoke first . " can we do that again ? " i broke into laughter . soft at first . then loud manic freeing as relief over me . " no . no we can t . " i m not quite sure how to start this . i had it all out but it all different out than it did in my head . anyway i have always to do something about my and since i m a writing student i figured why the hell not write my experience down and see how it . so hear it goes . my name is i m just a normal college student with some spare time on my . i took a semester off school with all this pandemic happening i m a terrible student in these classes so i took a break . and this led to me the free time so you get it . now to start actually talking about my town . i m talking about . if you look on a map you might find it if you have a glass on you that is . it s north and i mean north right on the line of north and mountain territory . it t look like much when you go through it but we have enough to get by not anything more but enough . blue ridge is a bigger town and it is only about twenty down the hill if we need anything the dollar tree t have . but ya ' t here for a description of my town if i or you stick with whatever this is you will probably learn more about it . this is about alabaster bridge . alabaster bridge is on the north side of town heading up into north . it s a simple and beautiful place . it s just a simple concrete bridge around ten by six and over a little crick as my dad it . you may wonder where it got its name from well it s alabaster bridge because of the dogwood surrounding both sides of the road leading to and through it . these create an almost completely white tent over the bridge . if you stand on the bridge you can t see almost anything through the thick interwoven above you . the bridge is only driven across and never at for the beautiful landmark it is . as ya probably assumed out by now the bridge some colorfully dark history . all of are spread around town about the bridge . about a newlywed wife who hung herself from the bridge after finding her husband cheating with the farmer ' s daughter . people say that if you wait around under the bridge on the bank of the crick till midnight you will hear a woman gasping for her life and see her silhouette floating under the bridge swaying back and forth . another example is the classic tale of a woman who threw her unwanted baby over the bridge . people say if you drive onto the bridge put it in neutral and say out the window i got your baby ! you will hear a baby crying through your radio . these were always just tall tales to me and most of my . nothing more than school trying to scare each other . would always come to school and say they went to the bridge then regale us of their courage in the face of whatever ghost they found there . because of this as soon as i decided to investigate some of my town s and the behind them i knew alabaster bridge would be my first target . after all the bridge only me to walk on it say a few or around till midnight at the most . that s when i set out on my investigation . i left at eleven at night to head to the bridge it was only ten away so that left me with a spare fifty before midnight . as i up to the bridge the difference in the bridge ' s struck me . i my chevy over on the side of the road right as i got to the bridge just in case one of the town went out for a midnight drive . as i across the bridge the fishy smell of the dogwood swam through my . i stood looking over the end unable to see the small two foot stream underneath through the darkness . i at my watch to see i still had ten to go till midnight . no better time than the present i thought aloud in a shaky voice . in a dry raspy voice i whispered out i have your baby and silence . i tried again a little more confident this time i got your baby still nothing . i to see i still had three until midnight and tried one more time i got your baby ! still nothing . a mixture of disappointment and relief swimming through my body left my shaking from the adrenaline . seeing that i had two to go i quickly made my way down the bank on the side of the bridge in anticipation of the witching hour . i or slid down the bank until i was on the edge of the creek looking at the bottom of the bridge . my watch it was midnight . as i stood under the bridge i saw nothing . i stood there feeling like a fool standing there under a bridge for a ghost lady to show up . i stood there for another minute just to see then i hike back up the bank to leave . as i the top of the bank i a noise . a faint breathy gurgling . i turned back to the bank and back down it as fast as possible ! as i got halfway down the bank i under the bridge to see it ! when i at her it was hard to tell what was her and what was the darkness of the night . she to have a dress made of oblivion on so black that i got lost in it . as i tore myself away from her dress to look at her face i was met with a gaunt excessively pale face . her face was twisted into an expression of grief and sadness as it swayed back and to . when faced with the sight of this lady i turned to scramble back up the bank when my flew out from under me . the last thing i remember is the gasping turning to laughter as my head met something hard in the bank and i blackness my vision . i awoke a few later with my right arm laying in the creek and my head in a considerable amount of pain . as i raised my hand to my head i felt the dried blood on it . nothing too bad but my high school as a wide receiver told me i had a concussion . but i made it home myself up so i m good physically anyway . mentally i can t say for sure . the woman not been far from my since that night . i mean i t really expect to see anything . i was just looking for something to do . i t believe any of the around the bridge . now though my mind won t stop . every time one of our talk about the creature in the or the ghost in the baseball i can t help but think what if they t ? what if these t ? or maybe i just slipped and fell under the bridge and my mind made up what i saw to cope with my head trauma . this town is full of and tales . i think i need to see if my town more true than i initially thought . my project may have just become an obsession . i m a writer . i am a painter . i am a poet . i am a pianist . i am a person of many but no matter how hard i push the pen for the ink to bleed into nothing . i pound the to i known how to play forever but no ring out . i m a person of many but as i glide my paintbrush against the canvas i see no colors . i can feel the of the delicate paintbrush the thudding of silent piano and the pen around my piece of composition paper . i see nothing . i hear nothing . i m a person of many but if i m honest am i really ? i can no longer paint write or play . i can no longer hear the that once made my mother smile . i can no longer write heart that once made my glisten . i can no longer bring colors to life on a canvas that my father would decorate the with . i can see my past work but that s about all . by my lack of i decide to visit my . the who always me . the who always in me . the who made my what they were . the who everything about everything i did . i go to apologize . i m a let down . as i open the front door i make my way inside to the dining room . even when my mother t baking or cooking she still to spend her time in there . doing or something similar but this time she t there . my father quiet and stubborn will almost always be watching television just a room over . as i make my way to the living area i could already tell my father t there . the television was blank . before i sit down on the bright red couch that they have since i was a child i call out for them . i get no reply . i sit down on the couch full of self pity and sorrow . suddenly for the first time in a long long time i hear . c e g the piano to form the famous c major chord . they echo in my like a concert hall . each note individually and slow . i clench my jaw as i wait for them to be all at once . finally forming the chord . but they don t . c . e . g . i focus my hearing and i realize the sound is coming from my old bedroom . i pick myself up off the once beloved couch i grew up throwing myself on after a long day of school . the couch i popcorn on that would fall in between the as i watched black and white that my father swore by . the couch where i would study piano theory with my mother . the couch where i would write some of best work and paint my most abstract . i pick myself up and make my way down the hall . c . e . g . it s now so loud i feel the sound vibrating within me . i open the door . everything is exactly the same as i left it except my father is sitting on the edge of my bed going through a box of old and . streaming are down his face . before i can say anything i see my mother at my old piano . c . e . g . her delicate and fragile play lightly and slow as if she was afraid the piano might retaliate if she too hard . yet the sound is so loud i can barely hear her sobbing . i can t believe i forgot this . i can t believe i forgot what i had done . i t forget how to write . i t become deaf to my own music . i t become blind to colors . i left and when i did i left all of my behind as well . i make my way to mother my hand over hers and she . i position my over hers pushing all three at once finally making the chord . it and i smile . before removing my hand from my mother s i whisper i remember . i make my way back to the once beloved red couch but this time i lay down . i position myself the exact way i did when i left them . my . my . my lover . my . but this time there s no blood no ambulance . no screaming or pain . i remember . i was a writer i was a pianist i was a poet i was a painter . as the chord coming from my old piano out becoming fainter i remember and i m sorry . the wounds stopped bleeding a long time ago . i can t go back . i can t change . i remember and i know it s finally time to leave . as i close my i hear something familiar . something i haven t since i was a child . my mother was s arrangement of s love s sorrow . one of the first she ever me . the dance around the entire house . it s loud . the sound like they re singing . i open my and see sheet music flying around me . my are dancing and my are smiling . she i m here and her once delicate touch turned into violent passion . she s so aggressively but yet so elegant . she s i can hear it . i feel it every single note . as the song comes to a close my brushes sheet music and start to fade and as the last note out so do i . when i was i had a friend eric sandy . i say friend i mean in my class . no one was really that close to him . not in any positive ways at least . he was . a lot . it went on for . one of the main who him was forester . in a lot of the bully turns out to have a soft side or something . a reason . . ' t like that . he was borderline evil . movie don ' t hit . movie don ' t call lunch ladies . movie don ' t cripple and get away with it . yeah that ' s right . no for guessing who it was he . that bastard put eric in a . movie have a gang a group of people that back them up . not . no one backed him up but if you went against him well prepare for a boneless limb . after eric was put in a he ' t get the sympathy you ' d expect . everyone just carried on . the world carried on turning . i only ever properly to him once . that one time so the so far out of me i never went near him again . it was at lunch . i went over . i to be the who brought the weird out of his shell find out he ' s got a secret fun side . oh how wrong i was . i said hi . and he at me . just at me . his were dull and grey . he had ratty blonde hair . he at me with an emotion i ' t quite read . was that sadness ? fear ? anger ? surprise ? " you know " he said after what felt like millennia . " when the parade becomes visible to the unopened eye the world to turn . " the what ? i thought . this was an year old . i slowly backed away from him thoroughly shaken by what i ' d . " you cannot run from the parade . " i thought about it all night . the parade . what parade ? and becoming visible to the unopened eye ? i thought this was just insane . i never told my mum about him . or the parade . the was just insane i thought . just a weird . i completely forgot about my talk with him about a year or so after it . it only come back to me when i saw a poster up on my way to school . " come one . come all . ' s parade . march . it came back to me . i thought about it all day . i ' t understand why though . it was probably me being just paranoid . i ' d i ' t forgotten . it ' d stayed inside me for that year or so . waiting . i ' t come to school on march st . too . i said i had a stomach ache . not a complete lie . it ' t sat well with me . my heart had never gone as fast as it did when i the jolly music of the parade edge past my bedroom window . i was just being paranoid surely . that same day . no cause was found . no one was really sad either if i ' m honest . the world carried on turning . but eric never was the same after that day . neither was i . never after ' s parade . i understand it s a bit of a to say so but my mother in law truly the title . it s been since this all and i finally feel like i can tell my story without suffering an immediate panic attack . it s a rough one but it s one that needs to be told . i can assure you that i m not here to lie to you i see no point in weaving a salacious tale simply to entertain the in fact i wish i t have to tell it at all . for the sake of my recovery though i feel i must and perhaps by doing so my will serve as a warning to those like me . the compliant the accommodating the who will bend over backwards just to be a little further until your back and you re dizzy from the blood in your head . and still you smile and say no a little further won t hurt ! from the beginning my relationship with my mother in law was strained . it was clear from day one that i would never be good enough for her son . he was her pride and joy her forever prince her baby boy . to me though he was just rick . he was my husband and i him . i him so much that i was willing to stick through every torturous interaction with my mother in law . i off every underhanded insult i just love how career you are dearie i m sure the will come when you re good and ready to settle down . you still got a few left right ? how old are you again ? i through each tantrum she threw what do you mean you won t be coming home for ? ! are meant for . you and are not family . not until you have . i bit my tongue each time she each boundary i made no matter how reasonable or healthy as a hurdle to launch herself over i give you and everything and i do it because i love you . you don t want me to call every night ? fine . if you hate me this much the least you could do is let my son talk to me . you re isolating him from his mother i m worried you re becoming abusive . over the i come to regret my silence . and i grown to resent my now ex husband for his silence for the part he in the that unfolded . through it all i stayed quiet stayed agreeable and endlessly accommodating . i knew i was fighting a losing battle and if i to remain part of the family i d have to throw my up . i d have to wave the proverbial white flag and surrender . after all rick certainly t going to fight for me . i remember how towards the beginning of our marriage when i lapped up his love like water after a drought only to find it made my mind fuzzy and malleable like i d three of vodka in quick succession . i remember how he me how he smelled of vanilla and musk how he told me with a straight face that he d catch a grenade for me how i up at him with doe blissfully unaware and blissfully in love . it was only a week later when i had the radio on that i found out that sweet sentiment was straight from a song . that just about up our relationship . he i bought . he stood by as his mother hurled personal i bit my tongue and . when we finally did conceive it was an accident . rick was so happy though that i decided to go along with it . i certainly but it all felt like it was happening too quickly . i d have to make major to my life to my career path . it was than we but it was abundantly clear that rick t bear waiting another year or two . i to wait until i was sure the pregnancy was viable before the news with and family mostly to avoid his mother s inevitable about her barren daughter in law oh i m so sorry dear i thought you d be happy after all this is what you ? a couple more to spend climbing the corporate ladder ? i found rick in the guest room the next morning whispering what should have been our announcement to his mother over the phone against my clear . he gave me a slight grimace awkwardly his as if to say ! ! indeed . it was a surprise though one i probably should when my mother in law up at our doorstep that evening grinning ear to ear . her excitement was palpable . i suddenly felt like a surrogate for her and for her beautiful and innocent and perfect . she a gift in her a potted plant . something to help you learn to nurture ! i bit my tongue . she . rick her in . she was over a lot in those first few taking care of small household don t be silly sit down and let me take care of that . stress is bad for the baby after all ! she cute for my baby to call her i m thinking pearl what do you think ? does that make me sound old ? she foil covered in her arms when i her at the door brushed past me to shove all of into the oven for dinner . i bought went bad potatoes in the pantry and spinach in the crisper drawer . i came to understand that whenever my husband the oven whenever he picked up the living room and down the whenever he did anything around the house on his own accord it could only mean that mother in law was coming over . he certainly t going to tell me . too much conflict that way too hard on him . she filled me with all of fantastical of how pregnancy would make me feel how wonderful each and every single moment would be knowing that i was carrying my future child . she about how carrying rick felt how connected she felt to him . she swore up and down that pregnancy was the absolute best experience of her entire life . she that she wished she could have just kept my husband in her how she would kept him there forever if she could . i my child all throughout my pregnancy but i t help but think that my mother in law s idea of pregnancy was unrealistic . either that or something was immensely wrong with me i felt guilty for not feeling the way she said i should . it was hard to find the magic through near constant vomiting i t find the of joy at the bottom of the toilet bowl i intimately acquainted with . it t feel like a gift from god when i felt like a lumpy potato aptly dressed in potato sack maternity . it t some transcendent experience when i was practically bedridden towards the end of pregnancy . not by choice but because my mother in law that i my rest now don t worry dear let pearl take care of you . you re not superwoman you re pregnant ! still i every misstep every instance of over fairly drawn both from my mother in law and from my husband . i the plant she d gifted me up on the kitchen sill in a proper amount of light . i watered it . i checked the in the soil . i to it i for it i it convincing myself that if i could get this little plant to flourish so too would my baby and so too would my relationship with my mother in law . and as odd as it it like it was actually working . my mother in law was still herself but she was considerably than she d been before the pregnancy . but when rick had to go away for work close to my due date when he was so sorry but he t get out of it i the thought of his mother moving in to care for me while he was gone for an entire week . still i agreed . i grit my teeth my fired off a dozen nasty in my mind . and then i entirely compliant . as always . she up a full hour before my husband left for the airport stealing the last i had with rick before he left me with her . i retired to the bedroom i practically lived there anyway . by the time i woke up from my nap i was alone in my house with my mother in law . she to bring my dinner up to me but i to come to the kitchen . she g to stay active it help you lose that pesky baby weight later ! ! and i ate my eight millionth casserole without complaint . i found myself with some body after i d finished dinner and mother in law was quick to pick up . something you ? sighing i . everything just . all the time . honestly i feel like . she . i d be lying if i said there were no hard with she admitted coy . i cocked an eyebrow . really ? really she over her shoulder washing my dish in the sink . she never used the dishwasher i don t trust these are always cleaner when done by hand ! let me make you some tea . i my forehead in my . honestly i just want to go to bed . oh now now i make you something special . something to quiet the mind and to dull the pain . i thought about but if there was one thing my mother in law was good at it was home . she had a concoction for every ailment you could think of and they always worked . so i simply and she put the kettle on gathering into a tea ball . she submerged the strainer full of in a cup of steaming water blowing across the surface before gently setting the tea in front of me . i took a sip it had a bit of a bite . i to say something about it but i bit my tongue talking back would certainly mean that i t care for the baby that i was somehow already a bad in her . she watched me as i ever so dutifully finished the rest . i sliding the cup across the counter . suddenly there was a searing pain in my throat . i tried to speak but my throat was rapidly growing hoarse . my mother in law me out of the kitchen into my room . it was only then that i the each of its leaves had been clipped off low on their . when i woke up the next morning the pain in my throat was gone by nothingness by numbness . my mouth was sore raw lined with painful . my tongue was swollen like it d grown several sizes . it felt wrong foreign in my mouth . there was a new pain in my and i absolutely that i d been to the bed . my phone was nowhere in sight as if i could get to it in the first place . my mother in law in cooing . how we doing today ? i my mouth to speak to scream to demand she let me go . nothing came out . i d finally decided to speak out against my mother in law and now i physically t . she . lost your voice ? i always thought that you did talk too much . she . i spent the rest of the day alone save for from my mother in law . she brought and water i the food but knew i to drink to stay alive . every time she left the room i tried desperately to escape . it was no use . the next night i went into labor . it was than and i tried to hide it from her . she knew as soon as she in the room and found me sweating and straining . my mother in law . she probably knew my due date better than even i did . i told you to give up coffee but you on that one last month . is still you know . my carefully laid birth plan the one thing i had any control over in the past nine fell apart in . she t taking me to the hospital you do know what of dirty fester at ? ! i t dream of our baby in danger like that . shame on you . she to call my husband we t bother rick right now . i always told you the man is supposed to work . should be s work always been . she was going to deliver my baby there in that bed and there was nothing i could do to change it . the pain was excruciating and i barely had a voice to scream out with t even crush my husband s hand in my own t even tell him how much i him between . while the pain was beyond belief it paled in comparison to the most aspect of the dreadful delivery . my mother in law was always frail always just a little bit off in appearance . but as i continued to push and as the continued to pass something to her . the first thing i was her . when she brushed them lovingly possessively rather over my belly they awfully spindly terribly bony knobby . strained under paper thin skin . chipped . her hair out stringy and greasy a visible bald spot at the crown of her head . her back arched her gnarled spine clearly visible beneath the fabric of her dress . her rounded and forward into a disturbing kyphosis . like she was caving in on herself . she grew more and even more still with each passing contraction with each devilish cackle . i never forget the look in her beady ravenous . the worst was when she snapped one of her up to meet my gaze the other still firmly locked on the task at hand beneath the tent of my dress . staring down her captive and her precious perfect simultaneously . soon after that it was over . my heart swelled when i my baby cry for the first time when i finally him out of me and into the world . when it was all over . she took him in her arms cooing . she the cord with teeth grinding my last connection to my baby down until it . she stood but her back t straighten . i my brow pleading with my wordlessly begging her to let me hold him . she . instead she my husband to deliver the delightful news of our delivery . he s beautiful he s precious he s just the most perfect i ever seen . he just like you just like my baby boy rick . i could hear his response on the other line . is ? she s lost her voice dearie practically the whole house down ! i say when i gave birth to you he cut her off . you t . please tell me you t . she . oh hush darling mommy best . my baby as she carried him out of the room . he until they were out of the house until the door open and shut . and then he some more . he until i t hear him . i in pain as i tried to scream back as i tried to yell after him so he d know the voice of his mother . rick hurried back that night . he me and i a pen and paper call the . your mother took baby . he cocked his head what had . i detailed everything that d during the visit much like i done now . he . he . i could practically see his spine wobble . it might as well just have out his ass for all the good it did for him . i knew it before he said it he t go against his mother . not even now . not even if it meant life or death for his own child . she was too dangerous for him to even try . rick and i . i haven t seen his mother since that horrible day . rick t seen her either but i doubt he d tell me even if he had . he i never stop looking for my child . i threw the plant out there was no salvaging it anyway . it was the first plant i d ever had that i t a life that i grew from nothing a life that gave me hope for my future as a mother . originally i thought that was the point of the gift an uncharacteristically thoughtful move on the part of my mother in law . after doing some research though i found that the plant had poisonous if it could cause paralysis of the vocal painful or complete loss of speech . i carefully to that plant just as i carefully to my relationship with my mother in law . and in the end i grew the very mechanism she used to finally take my you t think a place i never stepped foot in would loom so large in my life . but me to this day for all that i believe it took from me . growing up in a small town there t much to do with your free time my were poor so we t afford like or even television i was in my early s before i ever saw so a lot of times we just made our own fun . drawing chalk on the driveway or running through the building and exploring . it was the kind of life that wax poetic about now a magical handmade existence that s lost in the rush of modern life and i guess there s something to that . but it was hard not to be jealous of who had more than us though the kind of that could buy their fun and most of it was bought at . the was the center of the universe for most of the at my school those that lived where the dirt ended and the . for them it t just the place to buy the stuff me and my family could only dream of it was also where they made their best . i could only ever imagine . have you ever what it would be like to taste something that so delicious and then envy those who can ? that s how the mall affected me . when i was about nine or so a girl i was with told me about her grandpa taking her to see and then her ride the big old as many times as she . tommy about score the one that had stood for over six on the machine at the bonus level arcade and getting a round of applause from the staff as he his . pete carlin swore he d gotten to third base with tara aquilino on the eighth grade ski trip another big event i had to miss out on and he d sworn it was because he d a quarter in the massive tiered wishing fountain at mall s center . while my were of at food court and doing back to school shopping at i was either helping dad with the farm or trying to catch up on homework . while they took in t at the footlights or their ninth birthday at topper s playground i was and crunching through calculus . and i can t lie i was always a little envious and after a while more than a little resentful . why did they get to have all of this when i got so little ? when had told me all about her big day out with grandpa i t help but the the one she d in painful detail to me just spinning with her on it . faster and faster . i pictured her hugging tightly to her steed streaming down her face as old grandpa someone to save his baby . when tommy sat next to me in study hall and would not shut up about how he d beat the game on only one quarter i him getting by the machine . you know like in bunny the kind where you got to see an x ray of their skeleton and it left them a black mess with their hair sticking up like a porcupine . there was one girl i d had a crush on since kindergarten tara back when she d been nothing but knobby and coke bottle glasses . pete t her until she to develop . it was that time when it s all and everything felt like the end of the world . and dad me what was wrong but i kept it to myself just this big black rain cloud of anger and frustration right over the top of me . that night i m embarrassed to say i cried myself to sleep and that s when i about a fountain . a place i had never seen and yet could describe every detail to you . in the dream the mall was completely empty and dark . the only in the whole place were centered right over this monstrous fountain . everything had this weird sick kind of glow to it steam pouring out of it like someone had a tub of dry ice into a pool . in my hand i a heavy coin big enough to fill my whole palm and i knew that if i just it in if i could just open my hand and drop it into the bubbling water right in front of me then i d get what i . when i woke up the next morning my hand had severely cramped my splayed out wide from the phantom coin into the water below . i guess i could have that away as being psychosomatic or just the result of slept wrong but the shorts and tee shirt i d worn to bed were wet down the front of them and . not of sweat or urine but of chlorine . had i somehow gone to the mall in my subconscious ? and what was it trying to tell me ? they found pete and tara down by the lake the one they d dug just outside the mall . the old men in town just sagely at each other as they put two and two together and that billy carlin s boy had convinced the girl to go skinny dipping and then something or the other must have to them . never mind that it was march and they were both fully . for a town our size the death of two of its young to disappear off everybody s radar pretty quickly . there were to the family a moment of silence before class on and the were in beneath the soil before anyone even had a chance to think about it . and just like that everybody on with their . all except me . i thought about that sickening dream where i had made a wish that they be done for . you see i knew logically that i was just a with a crush and a ego . i knew that even if i had actually made that wish instead of just about it i knew i still t have had anything to do with their . at least that s what i told myself in my waking but when i slept it that the mall to let me go now that i had gotten what i . now it something in return . the fountain like it was the size of lake superior vast and endless . a void that was consuming all that came near . on the far edge i thought i could just about make out two people walking hand in hand . other times i was wading through it up to my waist my arms thrust deep into the water desperately searching the tiled bottom for something . there was always music some nameless jazzy tune but every now and then it d cut out and this voice came on deep and familiar but i can t place who it is . it always said smart pay a fair price at your and there inside my own head behind my own i . i d wake up like i d actually been swimming . back when she was still alive my would tell me i d been saying i take it back in my sleep over and over . now i live alone and there s no one to tell me what i say at night but i know i dream about it every single night . i wake up with covered in blood and water as though i were digging an empty dried up concrete floor searching for that damned coin . so needless to say i seen a lot of . this latest guy that through the guilt i this ideation or fixation on a place i never got to see before it closed its about a dozen after pete and tara took their dip . he that if i look into it read up on the place post on like this other people what they remember about the place that it work like some kind of exposure therapy . that it at the very least help me work through some . unfortunately everything i can find about the place just me to story after story about everything from shady land to urban about ankle in the parking lot . that place to be a nightmare for all that were near it even for me a . as cruel as it i ask now does anybody here have any they d like to share of ? maybe getting some orange with your or getting an gift from ? please . i need to be sure my brain t just conjure this all up and that i am not a murderer . and i need this strange voice to stop trying to call me back there . please . x warning if you don ' t like hunting and violence don ' t read . i hunting white tail deer in my very own about six to five ago with my father who white tail deer for many many more than i and is to say an extremely experienced . my father taught me everything i know about hunting to this day between deer movement deer still hunting field dressing . it ' s him to thank that i am still here today alive and am able to tell you all of this information . but i ' m not here to tell you the bonding father and daughter relationship that we have and you ' re not here to read about it either . so i ' get to the point . i a week or so ago during thanksgiving break my father about the missing person blood and why people don ' t take the same we do when hunting . note we live in the eastern part of west so we are a pretty secluded town and rural area with a few so i guess not many of the " " that come here every year think much about the hunting and missing person and put them off as terrible . well when i my father ' s simple answer was a shake of his head and " believe it or not it ' s not common knowledge to most people they don ' t know what we know . " and least to say i was . . my first thought was " how is it not common knowledge ? do people not connect the ? how is this something kept from the public eye ? is it really that unspoken of ? " for me this why and when i say i mean out of town don ' t really think about the missing person or hunting and it ' s because they don ' t what is actually causing it . they probably just put it off as they got lost or that a accidentally shot another . and then i that the reason why so many people go missing every thanksgiving break here in my is because they don ' t know . father is right they don ' t know what we know . so how can they know to protect themselves during these festive ? that is why i am here this to give you some on hunting white tail deer . so for any of you who are on coming to west during thanksgiving break next year or plan on going hunting i suggest you take . xb . keep a spare bullet you ' always want to keep a spare bullet on you whether it ' s a whole box of ammo or just one you have ready in the chamber ready to go . i personally keep one in the chamber but on the same token i usually make sure i don ' t miss as my father always taught me that it ' s important to make sure the first shot out of respect for the animal . if you do miss or you wound them reload aim and shoot again . you don ' t want them getting back up because at that point your of survival have just to none . you just off an apex predator and they will hunt you down no matter how de scented you are or how much you wore . you ' re best chance of getting out of this one is aiming for the neck or shoulder or if you think you can run faster than them run . but you ' d be better off praying to god . . don ' t look deer in the eye i will be speaking from personal experience here as i believe that sometimes personal experience is the best advice you can give to someone especially in life or death such as these . during thanksgiving break on one of the last few days i had left before i had to go back to school my father and i decided to go out to the on our property and do some long range hunting as we would be generally far away from the deer to the point the of them smelling us were slim . that plus we would be able to talk about our separate hunting from the week and would be able to discuss for the next week . i had gotten an eight point buck that week which is no easy task so i was pretty of myself meanwhile father ' t gotten anything yet so he was the one in control of the long range rifle . but i brought mine just in case it ' s not fantastic for a five hundred yard shot but it does well at one hundred to two hundred . while father was looking through the scope of the long range rifle making sure it was correctly and to where he could see down into the i rustling to the left of me only about ten away . i ' t think much of it as it was pretty day light out still and was most likely a squirrel just coming to see what we were doing . note white tail deer are nocturnal and normally hunt at night but that ' t mean they won ' t come out during the day . i the rustling my phone to look at the time and turned it on . that was my first mistake . the rustling next to me suddenly like someone was purposefully through the and when i up i was staring directly at a white tail doe who was only seven away from me . i saw her . she saw me . as soon as we made eye contact she her mouth showing upon of jagged teeth . i was so close i could see into her gaping mouth which constricted and muscle and bone to make room for the newly found prey . immediately after another white tail doe came out from behind her making a sound as she tasted the air . both of the white tail deer crept towards us getting closer to where i could see their dilated their split i could smell death on them . without saying a word of warning i swung my gun around to aim but as soon as the barrel was pointed at them they ended up running away going only fifty down the bank from where we sat . it all so fast that at first i was confused obviously so was my father who up only to see blurred running down the bank . then i at first thought that maybe they ' t hungry based on the smell of corpse it ' s likely they had not long ago and they might even have had a carcass left still at their bedding for the younger does and or even late . then that was when i the two deer blow at us . if you ' never a deer blow blow being an understatement to what i am about to describe it like this human screaming . blood . sometimes the differ especially in age . the younger the deer the younger the scream like a child but the older the deer the older the scream . as soon as they at us dad and i our and left before it got dark we had been . they were going to pack hunt us . dad and i ended up to still hunt back home as we ' t taken the truck to drive us down to the point . in the truck it would only take us five . when walking at a fast or normal pace it might take us seven . but still hunting ? that took about an hour and a half and it was already getting dark when we first left the stand . on the way back we constantly rustling and i sometimes could see reflective in the sometimes sixty away sometimes only ten . i could hear panting or groaning . i sometimes could smell their stench which would often make me gag but it was important that i tried not to make a sound . for the first time in all of my five i thought i ' t make it back . but we made it back safe and sound and with the dogs the deer likely ' t come anywhere near the house . we lived to see another day . xb i am afraid that ' s all the time i have for right now but if any aspiring have be free to ask . i ' d love to answer . and remember respect the deer . the first morning with a thick soup like mist . it was the sort of weather that soaked you through without cold and damp . strained at the lead sniffing the air with interest . a dreary start but with my stomach full from breakfast and the prospect of a warm coffee i trod on half open to shield my gaze from the worst of it . my lonely walk broke as from the fog ahead their shape form as i drew closer . two elderly ladies in stature . i them from the although truth be told i t place their . as i the woman spoke muttering into the ground . go home turn on the television her voice sharp . sorry ? i . she shook her head and waved me away . the old woman s expression furnished me with a deep unease . their time weathered a primal fear of glass spoke to danger . my heart to race . by the exchange i tried to push it out of mind until i at my front door . the low hum of into the hallway as i my into the china bowl by the door . the elderly ladies " remark back to me adrenaline prickled through my . " ? " i out . " i ' m back " . myself from the damp anorak i stepped into the lounge and found her watching the news channel . turned her head wide and dewy . look she her hand trembling towards the screen . i saw it for the first time . a human form in perfect stillness . porcelain white skin facial absent by a blank oval shaped head . a mannequin frozen in time and possessing no but the clothes it wore . what is that ? i my becoming dry . they found it it was a person ? look it ' s wearing the poor man s clothes . his wife . . . off . the wife s through the screen and at my soul . pleading with the statue of her beloved " come back baby " she wept . " come back come back . she broke down to the ground and crumpled into a little jagged pile of despair . men in uniform her for comfort she could do little . the nothing had taken her husband dressed in a suit and tie for work . the news channel cut back to the studio . unprepared the newscaster reflected back at us the same expression of confusion and terror we all . i can t remember much of the that . each of us with the new reality as do when faced with the unknown . we frightened . science tried to explain . we for the autopsy with a bleak mixture of fear and curiosity . gossip to fill the void left by the absence of fact . some said it was a new virus it to be a government conspiracy . perhaps a hostile attack by or another nation even an alien species . brave protective equipment and sliced into the nothing the of its soulless interior . they found nothing . not flesh bone or internal just a rubbery white mass of nothing . the form somehow had weight equal to that of the person and it depressed to the touch before breaking open like the skin of a white mushroom . when under a microscope they found nothing not even . whatever the nothing was it all the of physics our entire comprehension of reality down with it . tried to control the panic . for my part i did my best to reassure . our would know what to do i told her . we had the best people working on it . i to them for reassurance but instead i found just like the rest of us . their once authoritative cracked when they spoke and distant their base . no need to worry they said with little confidence . go about your business . we can t shut down society because of one anomaly . the second nothing was discovered on the other side of the country waiting endlessly at a bus stop . and i watched from the edge of the couch as the breaking news . a woman this time short in stature her porcelain form a designer handbag and dressed in a camel brown raincoat . the nothing s curiously together no or instead it possessed two cupped almost like those of a sea creature . to cry . in her i knew she had come to the same i had . the nothing was sure to claim us all . by the time a third it just confirmed our . there was of course . not as much as might be for the end . i think when faced with doom the prospect of a new phone becomes rather trivial . some and dark but for many the fear of what was to come t lend itself to free expression . in truth most just for their time myself included . for hope rather than reason i the would be . i wished it imposing morality on an indiscriminate force without logic . inevitably they found the first child a few days later still dressed in the tiny clothes he would no longer grow into . i try not to think about the it too much . all but stopped talking and stayed in bed all day sometimes she would sob for . we lost many to suicide . for my own heath i to drive around the at night listening to music at the wheel and searching for some sense of normality . that s how i saw my first nothing in the flesh . my stood beside his post box . to a halt and i stepped into the cool night by the statuesque figure . a cloud as i a long and mournful breath . i felt the nothing observing me . a featureless white face into my my existence with disdain . each step on the tarmac as i drew myself closer my heart rate increasing to a steady thud . his name was although he usually to . he worked in finance and now he was nothing . the more i into the emotionless void the more a heat of rage inside me . i it to be more impressive more deserving of our demise . instead it at me in perfect stillness without even a shrug of the . my hand whipped around smashing into the side of the soulless face and s head free rolling into the road with a hollow thump . i cried for the first time that night . each day that i saw more . the gave up on the for disposal and the sight of frozen the norm . their terrible expressionless me from bay to and shop . when i home and to reply i knew in my gut what me . i my sorrow still for the best . i found her in the kitchen lying down . she had fallen to the floor because the dog had eaten her right leg . a perfect bank oval face up at me from the no pain or anguish to express . nothing . i to my and her forehead cold and tacky to the touch . i to cry but no would come . she just like the rest of them . the sight up a black pit of numbness inside me . i filled it with whiskey . days and i wished it to be over . the television stopped working then the radio . every channel with static . i into the study bottle in hand as i the lifeless form of my wife lying where i left her . a burial irrelevant she had gone by the ghastly object that my kitchen . opening the desk draw i removed the metal lockbox and in the combination number ' s birthday . the open with a snap . i my father s revolver and loaded it with a single bullet . the car engine as i down the highway not a single other vehicle for company . i my foot to the pedal my speed beyond the speed limit the engine . ahead of me the city tall as i swept into the heart of the once busy metropolis . i the car door shut interrupting the perfect silence with a solid thump that through the canyon of . everywhere i they watched me . of them motionless . perfect lined the and . i stood amongst millions my breathing the only sound . through the crowd of i the square normally alive with activity . motionless sat by collection frozen stood in the midst of and now with of silent . i sat on a wooden bench pistol in hand . i pictured the entire planet from space the sun seven and a half billion now stood on the surface . a noisy planet silenced perhaps i was the last of my species left untouched someone had to be . i drew the pistol up to my temple and thought about . my finger . and that was when i felt it . nothing . " i ' m so so sorry it ' s your your is gone . " i was only ten old when left us . i was only a child when into the ocean and . the sea to return her body the why she went into the ocean was unknown and the only witness to her suicide was a camera on the boardwalk . she just straight into the water . there was no hesitation no moment of consideration . although a blurry figure on the footage you could see she was walking with a purpose towards the water and continued to walk into the without down . no one could figure out the true reason for her . both and dad ' s and nonstop . ' s side of the family she was depressed even though she never depressed or took . dad ' s side of the family she was an affair that her partner broke off with her . or maybe she was pregnant with someone else ' s child and was ashamed . i guess when there are no to these of people come up with horrible . despite the weight of a dead mother on my i had an unremarkable life from age to . i ' t i don ' t know become a better or ambitious person to honor ' s memory or whatever other people do when they lose a parent . i went to community college got a job at a bookstore and with my friend . i had an ordinary life . and i ' continue to have an ordinary life i told myself . that a complete and total lie . i ' m sinking . it ' s cold . it ' s dark . it ' s suffocating . i ' m not alone . i can sense no i can feel all around me . they were very slow and very old . i should feel but i ' m not . the don ' t want to harm me . they want to meet me . they want me to join them . did i want to join them ? " i ' t " ruby . i told her about my strange dream and she to every word with wide " that terrifying . what did you eat before bed ? " she playfully jabbed my arm . " you ' get . " " i t eat anything last night " i said rubbing my arm . what i ' t tell her though was how alluring the dream felt . part of me was of that cold darkness and the but another part of me to go there again . and i did . all through i had that dream . every time i woke up i to go back . oddly enough there was an comfort and a welcoming atmosphere in that dream . the dream was calling me and i desperately to answer . but i had no idea how which left me . " are you sure this is a good idea ? " i " going to the beach in the middle of winter weird . " ruby turning her head to look at me . " this is the perfect time to enjoy the beach ! we ' t go this summer due to the pandemic and because it ' s winter no one else will be there ! the entire beach will be ours ! " " but that all the boardwalk are closed " i . last week she convinced me to come with her to the beach . " not to mention all the good to get food will be closed . we ' re going to starve ruby ! " " that ' s why we brought food " ruby flatly said rolling her . " if we get we can go to ' s or order from the hotel ' s restaurant . " " it ' s not the same " i pouting . we lapsed into silence both enjoying the soothing ride . traffic was almost non existent so the journey which would usually take up to three thanks to traffic was a lot shorter . minus a break and switching the ride was smooth sailing . the car ride at least . no longer behind the steering wheel i could think . something had been nagging me since the moment i woke up but i ' t sure what it was . now i could try to figure out what it was . i felt excited of course . who ' t feel excited to go to the beach for a vacation ? although in the ocean i was never really by the event i still love going to the beach and enjoying the beautiful ocean . alright so i was excited to visit the beach after so long . but what else was i feeling ? my i for the right word in my mind . i had this feeling before . i m upset ? sad ? no i m apprehensive . my primal were warning me about the beach that i should turn around and go home . don ' t be ridiculous i myself slightly shaking my head nothing bad is going to happen at the beach . other than possibly getting covid i corrected myself . maybe that ' s what i was worried about . even with the cold weather a few other people would be there and we ' d still be with hotel staff and fast food . satisfied at out the root of my anxiety i back in the passenger seat and closed my of myself for being so smart . " a bit nippy out there ? " ruby on her face mask . right o you stay out here in the cold while i bravely go inside and get checked in . don t freeze to death . rolling my i taking out the as ruby to the lobby . with cold coming off the ocean and the sun hidden behind gray it was more than a bit " nippy " out . the salty air made me feel clammy . i for a moment my breath catching in my throat . the combination of the clammy cold air me of the strange dream that had been me since early . i had the dream last night but i had gotten so used to it i don ' t think twice about it . " the ocean ? " i said out loud wondering if there was a connection . " yes " ruby said snuck up on me " what you see is the ocean . o c e a n . very good look at you you ' re so smart ! " and look at you you ' re a " i snapped her suitcase into her arms . laughing ruby led the way to the . " you ' be happy to know we have a balcony on our fifth floor room . however i don ' t think we ' be able to sit outside " she informed me " but i suppose we can sit inside look out the glass and pretend it s summer . " " better than a room facing the hotel next to us " i pressing the fifth floor button . when the elevator closed i turned to ruby . " this might sound crazy but do you think we could walk along the beach once we put our down ? i know it ' s cold but i want to stretch my . " " we can do that " ruby said examining a poster on the elevator wall . after we checked out the room and put our down we left the room and took the to the lobby . waving at the front desk worker we left the warm building and out into the cold world . " can we on the boardwalk please ? " ruby hugging herself " i ' m not sure if i can handle walking so close to the ocean . " after hesitating i my head . " yeah we can do that . let ' s walk this way . " even with the winter air us the walk was enjoyable . we went about a mile before turning around . the cold had gotten the better of us so we back to the hotel and settled down for the evening enjoying the heater watching and eating a hot meal . " let s walk around town tomorrow " ruby drowsily the comforter over her head . her voice was muffled as she added " the will provide some protection against the wind . night . " she rolled onto her side facing away from me . " night ruby . " i ' m sinking . i ' m freezing . i can ' t see . i ' m i ' m not alone . i know because i can feel the presence of very old and very slow swimming around me . i open my . instead of the world being dark i could see . but i wish i ' t . i ' m not sure how to describe the that swam all around me . grotesque was the best i could describe them as . the ' t aggressive or to eat me but they knew i was there . i have to get out of here i thought briefly the fact i was no longer breathing . i should feel but i feel comfortable . too comfortable . i knew i was sinking so i moving my . the cold made my sluggish . was i even moving ? " ? " a soft voice " is that you ? " the voice somewhat almost distorted but i the voice . ' ? ! " before my the i remember into my peripheral . she fully intact as if she ' t aged or . " is that you ? ' " of course it ' s me " said floating closer . " i can ' t believe you ' re finally here ! " ' but you ' re dead ! you into the ocean and ! ' " i ' t drown . i came back home . you see " gently took my hand and on my arm me somewhere else " life came from the ocean . one day we ' return to the sea we belong here . i was by the ocean and you too were . " she back at me grinning . " i ' been waiting for you . we can be together now . " ' i don ' t want that " i yanking my wrist away from her . " i want to go back home . ' " but this is your home " ' s smile for a moment " you willingly into the ocean . you can ' t leave now that you ' re here . " ' this ' t my home ! " i snapped . " i ' m sorry but i ' m leaving . " i tried swimming upwards again but my attempt by my ankle . " let go ! ' " no ! " yanking me down . her human mask had slipped off . instead of a vaguely humanoid creature desperately clung to my ankle webbed with dug into my skin . soft waxy skin covered its body up at me its jaw large and filled with sharp teeth . its were together to form a crude tail . a mermaid from a nightmare . myself together i my into its causing it to scream in pain and release my ankle . the once calm that were floating around and moving . the water was now filled with chaos . sharp from the mermaid slashed through my pajama and through my leg causing hot pain to shoot up my numb leg . it was a blessing in disguise . the sudden and painful sensation of the injury brought me determination . i was not going to die here . this time when the mermaid me i was ready . it was the only thing keeping me here . bracing myself i pried open its my are torn up by its razor sharp teeth . the pain brought more feeling into my arms and i used my strength from the adrenaline to break its . for a monster that lived deep down in the ocean it was surprisingly easy to break . really easy . too easy . but somehow it worked . it let go and to slowly sink down . i to slowly swim up . apparently i was found floating face down in the ocean . a young couple taking an early morning walk found me . the main theory about how i ended up in the ocean was sleepwalking . eerily similar to ' s case in the hotel me leaving the hotel in my and walking towards the beach . that same purposeful stride did when she into the sea . i was fortunate that i ' t die from or hypothermia the doctor told me after an ruby left the room . my external wounds were by sharp and broken he said . he ' s wrong about that though . i ' t fortunate . i could sense that i was still in danger that i ' never be safe . the ocean still to me and one day i ' go never had much luck with the ladies . i guess you could say that i m shy . it s hard for me to talk to new people let alone people who i find attractive but i was that might change in beach . xb it was a few ago now that i went down there with a couple of college for spring break . they convinced me it would be a good time and one of my more promiscuous had made it his personal mission to get me laid by the end of the week . being the dumb but horny twenty year old that i was i was really he d succeed . xb we d spent most of the week in a drunken haze and i don t recall ever been fully sober from the moment we set foot in our hotel until the morning when i drove us all home . i know that i was drunk some doubt over everything i m about to say next but i truly don t believe the slight buzz i had that afternoon had anything to do with what i saw . xb we were about midway through the week when i first saw her . my and i had hit the beach much like we d done just about every day of the week . we t been there long before they d me as per usual . my social were a bit of a roadblock in their mission to get their wet and when pussy was on the line all of companionship were thrown out the window . so i was left alone on the beach nursing working on my tan which immediately a sunburn and admiring the sexy college in who i stood absolutely no chance with . sometimes i d work up the courage to talk to some of them . the never long beyond basic but at least i d gotten that far . xb she was one of the most gorgeous i d ever seen . she easily could been a model of some kind hell maybe she was a model . she had long brown hair that she wore back in a and perfect sun skin . her physique was toned but she had in all the right that were neither too big nor too small and every inch of her was proudly on display . the tiny little black bikini she wore left absolutely nothing to the imagination . her were only barely covered and the thong clung to her thigh in the most sensual way . she had no no stretch not a single flaw on her perfect skin . she carried herself with the confidence of a woman who knew she was drop dead gorgeous . i even caught a few other staring at her . xb obviously i t have a snowball ' s chance in hell with this walking goddess but the moment she caught my eye as she down the beach i simply t look away . xb i remember her head tilting towards me ever so slightly as she past and with just one bat of her she stole my heart away and i just knew that i had to make a move . i had to talk to her i had to at least learn her name ! i could get that far t i ? xb i watched as she laid out a towel on the beach nearby and laid down upon it . she slipped on a pair of as she in the sunlight a small yet knowing smile on her as she did . i found myself staring at her willing myself to get up and talk to her but i t anxiety my old and fickle friend had come back to me and left me rooted to the spot . what would i say ? how would i say it ? how would i stop myself from turning into a stuttering mess and humiliating myself in front of her ? xb i must sat there for about a half hour or so out the conversation in my head over and over again . trying to build up the courage to even talk to her and while i did that a man with far more confidence than i had came and did it first . i t hear their conversation . i was too far away for that . but i could see her sitting up in interest as a man came over to her . xb he t anyone i knew but he like a gym rat . he was a little too bronze and a little too muscular . i got the impression that he d something to get arms like that . to top it all off he had a tribal tattoo because of course he had a tribal tattoo . just the sight of him out any confidence i d tried to grow for myself . i recall about trying to fight him but that would have been a bad idea on so many . instead i just watched as they . he sat down on the sand beside her grinning a handsome boyish smile . she at something he said and i continued to feel inadequate . xb after a few she stood up and headed towards the water coaxing him to follow her . he came right behind her and frankly i would done the same . i watched as the two of them into the gently of the ocean moving past the other into . xb as i watched part of me wished i could been that man who d spoken to her . maybe if i d had some it could been me out there in the perfect blue water chasing her out into the ocean . she always stayed ahead of him and constantly for him to keep following her out past the other and towards the water . i t think much of it . he like a perfectly strong swimmer as did she . besides it was nice to see them leave everyone else behind . it meant i could keep a better eye on them without losing them in the crowd of other . xb i for a moment if she was the kind of girl who might get off on him in the ocean with people around . i had no idea if anyone was actually into that or not but the thought still crossed my mind all the same . then just once they were further out than most of the other people in the water i stopped seeing him entirely . i only saw her and she was only a small dot in the distance . a floating head above the water that kept swimming out and until at last she stopped . she turned around as if looking for him but if she felt any concern it t immediately obvious . instead she just there as if she were waiting for something . xb i saw a shape break the water . a head and arms . the man . even at a distance i his tribal . he to be struggling although against what i can t quite say . he was still a short distance away from her but surely if he was in danger she could right ? xb right ? xb he was only above the surface for a moment then he was gone again . back below the perfect surface of the water and that woman t even seem to notice . she just there staring at the spot where he d been before she to swim back towards the shore alone . i tracked her on her way back unsure what to make of what i d just seen . the man t break the surface of the water again . i if he d just swam off or something but i t see anyone else who like him out there . unless he was some sort of swimmer he t have gotten that far underwater could he ? xb i the other in the water for some of that other man but i saw nothing . not a single trace of him . the woman was almost back to the beach now and my attention returned to her as she out of the water like nothing was wrong . she wrung out her hair before heading back to her towel and lying down again . xb her body language so relaxed . as if she literally t have a single care in the world . she just put her back on and lay in the sun just as she had before . it was like nothing had . i back out at the water wondering if that man might be swimming back to her but there was still no sign of him . he d never come back up for air . he d never come back at all . xb i t know what to do . call the lifeguard ? and tell him what ? that somebody had just ? the lifeguard would if someone had t he ? hell that woman should have if her friend had abruptly in front of her but she as if she t have possibly less ! i had to just be there had to just be some mundane boring explanation to all of this . yes that s right ! some mundane boring explanation ! i had no idea what it was but there had to be one . xb i over at the woman again to see that her head had . she d raised it up then her . her were right on me . i back at her at a loss for . xb her curled into a smile that both turned me on and sent a chill through me . her smile was seductive but her something was wrong . i felt less like she was me out and more like a piece of steak being eyed by a hungry dog . her on me intense and unblinking inviting me over to her . i felt a shiver run down my spine as i stood up . my latest beer was empty anyway . time for a refill then maybe i could set up my towel someplace else . xb there was a small patio a short walk away from where i d been . the beer was expensive but everything in beach was . after what i thought i d just seen i t care how much the beer cost . xb once i had my pint i found a seat on the crowded patio and took a sip as i tried to process what had back at the beach . had i really just seen a man drown ? no not drown it almost as if something had him under . it t have been possible but that had to be it right ? i shook my head trying to dismiss it . after all it was easy to dismiss as just some sort of misunderstanding right ? hell i d probably have forgotten all about it within the next hour or so if she t shown up . xb i spotted her from the corner of my eye making her way through the crowd of other people at the patio headed straight towards me . she fixed me in that same intense stare she d had on the beach . i remember looking into her and never once seeing her blink . hell she t even break eye contact . she just and until she was at my table . xb is this seat taken ? she . her voice was a sultry whisper that was surprisingly gentle . it took me by surprise . i i no . you can have it . i and watched as she slid into the seat across from me . so what s your name handsome ? she . straight to the point . that t have set off as many red as it did . xb i m mark i said before wishing i d made up a fake name . mark . she repeated saying my name slowly as if she were all two of it . i like that . you can call me i saw you down by the beach hope you don t mind me joining you . n not at all i although i i thought you already had company ? not at the moment no . she said but i t mind some . her smile kind as it still made me uneasy . it was hard to put my finger on exactly what was wrong with it but my gut t lying . beautiful as she was was bad news . xb where are you from mark ? she i haven t seen you around before . there was a flatness to her voice that t sit right with me . not a disinterest . but she spoke as if she were reading off a script . i m here on spring break i said trying to keep my voice calm . oh ? that s nice . she . no follow up to her previous question . are you here with anyone ? i can t imagine you re all alone . j just some . they re around here somewhere . they be back shortly ! i . xb hopefully not too soon i got some too . maybe we could all get together ? t that be fun . but i d love to spend some time with you first . i saw you back at the beach you know i know that look beneath the table i could feel her foot playfully brushing against my leg . er w what did you want to know ? i my voice cracking . why don t we talk about it over a little swim ? she dragged out those last two almost singing them like a lullaby . xb i i don t swim oh ? i teach you . don t worry . it all be . the way she said that made me want to believe it . some part of me desperately to take her up on that offer but the look in her hollow and the unwavering calmness of her soft voice told me otherwise . i need to go i said quietly . she across the table and put her hand over mine . oh ? don t leave me already mark . we were just getting to know each other . m my are looking for me i need to go i said i i need to go . i m sorry . i really need to go . you barely even touched your beer . why don t you at least stay and drink it . her smile forced as if someone had the back in her face . i don t know if most people would that but i did . xb i m sorry i said as i back and left the chair . continued to watch me smiling and unblinking . i could feel her on me as i left the table and abandoned the patio as quickly as i could . as soon as i was clear of the crowd i running . i straight back to the hotel of the idea that i d look behind me and see there following me back . if she tried to follow me though i lost her fairly quickly and i thank god for that . xb i never told my about . i t think they d believe me . hell for the time i t even sure i myself ! even a few after i d away from the patio i back on my conversation with her and if i d just thrown away a shot with such a beautiful woman . but that dead tone of voice her unblinking and the way that man had xb i can t forget that . i can t deny that those were real and in the back of my mind part of me what if i d gone out into the water with that woman i never would have come out . i only ever went to the beach one more time during our stay at beach . it was our last day there and my had gone out as they usually did and by the time we d met up for dinner we saw no trace of . xb we went back to the beach to look for him he d just gotten involved with some girl and lost track of time . we never found him . neither did the police . xb my have their own about what in beach . most of them say he probably with the wrong guy ' s girl . i don t believe that s the case though . while they were looking i spotted a woman further down the beach holding a man by the hand and leading him into the nearly empty . dusk was just setting in so i t get a good look at either of them but i m sure the man t . but i would that woman anywhere . xb i remember that she for just a moment as she into the water and i know that she at me . i know that she was smiling that fake smile of hers silently extending her invitation once more . xb it s been since i graduated college . i don t talk to most of my old but i remember beach . i know that there s something there . i don t know what it is . i don t want to know . first for a little background on me . i to a new state not too long ago to catch up with my wife and attend my college up here . i used to be in my old career field but now since i here i had to change it since there really t a demand for my previous field and i m starting a new major now . so while i go to college i work as a custodian for a school district . some of the most stable and amazing to have as a college student but it me a feeling of satisfaction . i worked at one away from me previously and about a month ago to my new one . this new job is only away and more an hour and better . but nonetheless like i said its only temporary . get into what your reading this for when you normally interview for a custodian position especially for nd shift your more than likely going to be this question are you with working alone in a building at night ? . me being desperate happily obliged not even considering i get by being alone . but hey it the so what can i really say ? i got through the process for my new district and was at the elementary school so they could get a feel for how experienced i am on custodial work . the first nights flew by easy because i had a guy with me that trained me . and i rarely would be alone since a lady comes in at to do split between . so i would be alone but normally the building t get empty until . my first night without my trainer was a whim of overwhelming since i was no longer being it made my a lot . but i and when i got to my thats when happening . no pun intended . i was running through my routine of and then cleaning the bowls and then when i felt this just utter sense of dread wash over me . i remember feeling like i had to walk outside and take a break . i was already ahead on my work so i outside away from the and took a quick little smoke break to calm my . after finishing off my cigarette i back in got the done and when the lady up at i jokingly her is the building or something ? . and she dreadfully at me saying what ? i to her the feeling of dread . and she thats why the last guy quit . and how she coming over here . see the thing is the district to inform me i worked in the building this was the old high school from the s s . she went on to explain how much strange activity went on . from shut to being . luckily for me that never . but in the week i spent at the elementary school needless to say if they ever try to send me back i might have to deny last elementary school experience . my only other occurrence was my last night there . it was the of my first week working for my district . as far as i knew at the time i was at the elementary school until further notice . and by the building was empty . i was and had worked my way to next to the gymnasium . thats when i it a door shut . while normally i t find this unusual since leave through there all the time . normally the door just slowly and its a huge metal door . its not quite easy to just slam shut . i inside the almost dark gymnasium to see no activity . thats what i thought until i door shaking all around . i m not lie i made an about face and ran to my truck . and i t go back in until my up later . and still ended up getting finished on time to go home . that weekend i . i thought about but then my luck hit . i got a call from saying theres a full time slot at the middle school and i was to take it and a minor pay raise . meaning better pay even closer to home and i t be alone . the middle school so here at the middle school i work with the guy who trained me . really guy we have the same work ethic and we tend to get a ton done in a shift . but needless to say being alone or just with another person t make the quiet down at all . because i been there damn nye and while there t quite as much as the elementary school . i still experience . my first experience at the middle school so if some of you don t know generally do not clean the entire building . each building is divided into what i call and you clean that area and a certain amount of . . while covid been going on there have been no sport in my district . which been a huge off of us because that more time we have to do small and other . but this night about a week in i had to clean the locker room . while it was not in use due to covid i thought it would save me the trouble of it build up . this locker room is huge pink couple of bathroom and a door going outside . problem is with this theres only one light switch and you it its on the other side of the . meaning you have to walk across it in pitch darkness to cut it on . thank u very cool . but i go down there and cut the light on and start down . when i notice out of nowhere a shadowy figure walk almost seamlessly by . now i know when your alone in somewhere normally the mind but this was plain as day . i turned around and nothing was there . and the rest of the time in there i felt watched . at one point i could have sworn the was broken because it was freezing . i m from originally and up north . so not used to cold . but this change was sharp . one other story from the middle school so i m really not get into the little and the occasional footstep i hear . but this story was from my and former trainer on a night me and him were cleaning . i was in my area doing my thing while he was in his . normally if i need his help or he needs mine he me . since the man i work with had heart i worry so ill call from time to time just to check in . what your doing to walk across the school to find someone . and just as soon as i walk out of a classroom in the walking too me looking frightened . i ask him whats up . for now we just call him b b did you come down to my section ? me no why ? b well i swear you came into my classroom me a question and away without hearing my answer . me i literally have not down there at all plus i m already a little behind tonight . so i . b what the you never had anything weird happen before ? b no i don t believe in that you have to be with swear i never down there . . so i ' m not going to bore you with a long to how this all but i guess we ' just get . when i was younger i ' t really have many and was very quiet i never really spoke to a lot of people and when i did it would only be me general . on the bright side of i had a small friend group which basically where my life . most days i would come home from school and just chill maybe watch out with my guinea pig but other than that i ' t really do a lot . however one day that all when i received a call . i don ' t usually get and when i did it was usually my . but what was so strange was when i picked up my phone which was sitting less than a away from me the phone stopped . i ' t thought much of it since i ' m used to getting scam . but this one had me thinking for days . . a few nights and i guess you could say i had forgotten all about the phone call . however this one night it was a afternoon and my mum and dad where going out to take my little sister to dance class which was out of town this meant i was home alone for the weekend . i being home alone it was basically the only time i could get for myself . my and sister left for the weekend and as the typical boring i was i binge watching horror . i watched an endless amount of horror but at somewhere around i received a phone call which read no caller id . since i had been watching horror all night i was quiet i guess you could say when i received another call . but unlike most people i ' t i had actually to pick up the phone right on cue i had to answer the phone before the caller could up . i sat there in silence as i for someone to say something on the other end of the phone . but there was nothing instead there was complete silence . i thought it must have been another so i hung up and ' t really think much about it again . for the rest of the night i continued to watch horror right up until the sun . over the next couple of days i hung out with my and the days flew by pretty quick . i ' t had another phone call so i left it at that . but that after school my phone rang again with the same no caller id i sat down on my bed with my phone in my left hand staring down at it i was up the phone considering no one spoke last time . after what felt like of staring at my phone i had finally decided to answer again no one said anything at this point i was sure someone was trying to prank me and so i had decided i was going to up since i ' t about to let this person have control over me before i was able to up i what like statics on the other end of the phone or maybe someone moving . at this point i ' t to sure what to do the timer at the top of the call had now struck i had been on the call for five and yet no one had said a word after awhile i did get of waiting and had hung up again . but after id say roughly after hanging up i had gotten another phone call saying the same thing as all the . no caller this point i was done with their and choose to accept the call however something was different . i had small whispering on the other end as if they where me not to answer almost as if i was a coward and too afraid to not answer . this time i had chosen to say something i knew this person ' t going to give up easily . so i guess i had to play the game ! ? " hello " i spoke shakily into the phone it was unlike me to be of the phone " who . . who is this " i said but still no response i suppose i was or waiting for a response so i and for one . but what do you know the line had gone dead again and right before i was going to up i loud heavy breathing on the end of the phone . i to feel what felt like cold on the back of my neck . i hung up immediately and blocked the number . i felt so stupid after the call i felt stupid for not blocking this person i felt stupid for the phone in the first place i felt stupid for even talking to the person . however it soon came clear to me that i was their game a game i ' t even i had . the scratches on my back healing nicely and the monster visiting me in my was starting to get harder to see . time by out here in the forest in the ways . sometimes a day goes by in the blink of an eye and sometimes it on in a excruciating . it is as though i m zipping through time only to ram directly into an unseen temporal wall . the macabre that from the earth were hardly recognizable . as they grew they over because it that their were not strong enough to hold themselves up . i had a strange thought . what if i were to go out there and stake them upright as if they were fruit ? that would surely make it so they could grow directly into space . i joke of course . i still cut them and tried to burn them in the pile but the small kept turning up dead on my property . mostly . what was i to do ? i t just let them grow indefinitely . kept my relatively high and we walking every day on the nearby trail me trailing behind him as he would rush into the underbrush and back onto the trail later with a mouthful of . he d drop them at my and i d pat him on the head . he me up . i to notice that someone had been the trail with empty beer . i knew it was me but i t want to believe it . there s something wrong with me . there s a poison inside of me and i want to get rid of it . i want to stop being sick . i want to get better . the people at the general store in town stopped and instead to ignore me when i would come in unshaven bleary red out at them as i a handful of across the counter . the clerk on duty would eye me with some small pity and hand me my change and receipt . it was in the middle of the night . i was sitting on my bed with stuffing his head between my looking up at me willing me not to call her . i laid back on the bed and the pooch away dialing the number quickly and the green phone icon so that i t have enough time to go back on it . it rang and i on the glass next to me that the courage would seep through . hello ? said the tired voice of the woman on the other end of the line . each syllable my around . . i said . there was a long pause on the line by a sad sigh . you can t keep doing this . i t help but overhear the sound of someone shifting around on . she t alone . who s there with you ? you need to stop doing this . please . her voice was pleading . but i was too far gone . i was livid . my white the whiskey glass in my hand . the small ice chips in the glass in tandem with my heartbeat . you re still my wife . the came out like sandpaper and i immediately them . no . no i m not . don t call this number again . she hung up . the whiskey glass exploded in my hand but i t feel the pain . i threw the phone across the room and watched the screen come off the rest of it . i myself another glass in the kitchen and forgot the broken phone . after digging the out of my hand and wrapping it in a dish towel i in the doorway of the backdoor leading from the kitchen and watched the in the forest . they energetic . sometimes i wonder what would happen if i went out there and just let them take me . those damnable that night i sat out back and forgot myself in the bottom of a bottle . after it was gone some gumption took hold of me and i stood out about halfway towards the removed my wedding ring and it into the . it in the moonlight briefly mid air and somewhere in the tall . the following morning i the ground in the it might have fallen . i t find it . what is wrong with me ? by noon the ground outside was in snow but quickly sometime before evening . i was making dinner when something . he was at the back door and as i around to see what he was at through the window that was adjacent to it i my plastic turner . it the floor and i slowly stepped over next to . there was a woman illuminated by the back yard light in a out there looking in through the window . looking at me through one eye . it was but so far removed . her left eye was there but her right one had been by a secondary mouth . even though no noise came from her both of continuously shaped indescribable . my whole body went cold and i was momentarily . totally unable to move . the sound of s urine the kitchen floor snapped me out of my trance and i rushed to the window the . i locked the door . all of the sudden i did not have an appetite and forgot the food on the stove . i to the bedroom removing the old single shot shotgun from the closet . after making sure it was properly loaded i returned to clean up s accident . the dog at me with mild shame but i don t blame him . not one bit . i don t know what the hell that thing was but i m certain that it s not . i feel as though it is some nefarious trap . the monster in my is still there but she alongside it now . i ' m not sure why i have this gift but i roughly know when it . around puberty and it had to do with a nightmare my grandmother was night after night . sometimes i wonder if such a disturbing scene over and over in her head my " gift " to surface . a man ' s head would often explode in my grandmother ' s but his face was never clear to her . i told my grandmother the man ' s head must have some significance and that it might have something to do with something she repressed most likely in childhood . " what do you think it ' s about ? " she her large green shining with curiosity . " suicide " i . her lower lip quivered and honestly i felt bad at causing her such pain . after some into her past she to piece together what . she had seen someone kill himself when she was much younger and the man ' t been a stranger exactly . . . but not a relative either . just someone she had known . my grandmother said she ' t exactly place the man or how exactly she had known him . but she did give a piece of information that made her recurring long nightmare make sense . the man had shot himself explaining the head " " in her subconscious . while this my grandmother the man with the head volcanic and bloody well . . . i to see him . he told me he ' t like being " found out " that he preferred being buried in someone ' s subconscious mind . he said that i ' d regret doing what i did . despite his anonymity ruined as he put it he told me his name . only the first but he said it ' d be important later . . " i ' be back one day " said . " when you least expect it . " then all of a sudden all the horrific stopped . at least for close to a decade . then a few ago i met a woman w . i sort of have a reputation in town for and even though i ' seen many as horrific if not more than ' s head it me to this day . anyway found me through a mutual acquaintance and we meager payment . i don ' t expect much for my just enough to keep me afloat . but it was what she told me which me . she said she was a recurring nightmare about a man with an head . she ' t remember the context but it was something that frightened her so much she had sleeping . my biggest mistake was pointing out to her the same i pointed out to my grandmother . saying it was something probably from childhood something repressed . and most likely to do with suicide . this unlocked the same chain of revelation from as it did my grandmother . the man himself with a shotgun and she it somewhere " in the . " came to me that night blood dripping down his head a nightmare given life once again . he said he ' t like the cloak of from his face . he told me he into another poor man ' s body after my him from my grandmother ' s mind . he made the person kill themselves so he could enter w ' s subconscious . ever since then been my house . he at night right before sleep . he next to my blood dripping down his face from a head by a shotgun . one night i him what he . i told him i ' t stand the horrific sight of him every night and i ' d do anything to be rid of him . i ' d do anything not to have to clean up the oddly blood dripping from a wound which to close . " anything ? " he . " anything . " the condition ? i was supposed to help him find another dejected soul to enter . " i told you i ' d make you regret taking my anonymity the first time . now that you ' done it twice well a suitable punishment is making you find a willing vessel so i can continue the cycle . " but the last thing i want to do is help find a body to inhabit . what other alternative do i have ? if i don ' t do this thing this nightmare turned corporeal being might turn me into a walking suicide waiting to happen . for the past three someone or something in the behind my house been stalking me and now i ' m really for my life so let me take you back to the beginning . . . several ago my father who was old away from cirrhosis of the liver after of drinking . although i had been from him for several i still to break down and cry after learning of his passing . my father was a bitter old man who was by everybody in my and only because the mailman discovered his body that i learned of his death . anyway my father was a mean old drunk who to start after one too many . oftentimes he would get thrown into jail after his many bar while on one his drunken . soon enough though he the reputation as the town drunk and a person to stay away from due to his extremely bad temper . as i stated before he was not well . anyway i would always find myself him out and promising the sheriff that i ' d keep him out of trouble until finally i got tired of his crap . eventually i out of state and far far away from him . now my dad lived in a small town in and anybody who ' s ever lived in the there are everywhere . as a matter of fact the house where my dad lived and where i grew up was in the middle of nowhere surrounded by and of . growing up i always feared of any kind especially after watching the movie " of the corn " . anyway where was i ? oh after my father away i learned that i my childhood home so reluctantly i up my and back to . as soon as i back into my dad ' s house though strange to happen to me like one night while cooking dinner one of my dogs i have three to growl at the back door . " what is it daisy ? " i then all of a sudden she stopped growling and to whimper before running back to my room . little stuff at first . . . sometimes i would wake up and find the front door was wide open even though i know i locked it the night before . sometimes late at night i would hear someone pounding at my door only to find nobody phenomenon continued for several . . . soon i to hear the coming from the . subtle at first eventually becoming and i swear it like my dad . eventually the to plague me at all of the day taunting me at first but becoming extremely aggressive and calling me all of explicit . one night while sleeping i was by somebody calling my name . this time the voice came from inside my house . it got really crazy too . would open and close would rattle . and once i felt the whole house shake like an earthquake . my dogs to bark at something in the house too as the continued to taunt me . the final straw came two ago when my dog violet was standing at the edge of the barking wildly at something i ' t see but i knew was there . at first i thought it was a rabid animal . " violet ! " i out but she me . feeling nervous i over to her and at this point something me and dragging me into the . lucky for me though violet bit down on it and whatever it was let out a blood wail like it was in pain just before me . i violet by the collar and ran as fast as i could out of the . when i finally the house i quickly my two other dogs some clothes and them into my car . while i driving something my steering wheel and forced my car to veer off towards the direction of the . somehow though by some miracle i was able to take control of my car again . meanwhile while all of this was happening i could hear the from within the taunting me as i drove off . i to make it into town safely . that was two ago and i ' been at a motel ever since . today i got a phone call it was the voice me to come back and i think i will . . . i m not sure when alexia up . for the first or she would only speak occasionally . almost always telling me a or a one to kill themselves . after a while though i learned to cut her off by saying . she stayed quiet for quite a few . still getting by the key trick until my relationship with my long term to crumble . she found her voice again and even learned a new phrase to force me to spit out . i hate you . the first time she said it i was alone . he had into my mind and without a second thought she spoke it loud and clear . from that point forward she continued to scream it inside my head every time i thought of him . finally spitting it in his face one night when i had had enough . this was the first time that she had ever spoken so clearly to someone besides me . i left that night . it was shortly after that i working again . she decided it was time to give herself a name and develop her own lovely personality . frequently spitting her i hate you at every man i found even slightly attractive and muttering bitch every time a woman she felt by the room . thankfully i have very understanding . outside that she really the job . however she does get a bit rude with . she her mouth shut well my mouth but the absolute tone of hate she into almost everything i say when start to get is very noticeable . if only they knew how much of her best behavior she was on . maybe i d still have my old job at . my therapist it s just because she s the manifestation of trauma . that i d be too if i was brought into this world for the sheer purpose of taking the emotional blow of someone s tragedy because they t strong enough to do it on their own . tonight was different though . at pm the phone rang . we were absolutely hectic and as a driver i would normally never answer the phone but somehow i felt my shuffling towards it . somehow deeply to answer . when the woman gave the name of alexia it just came out of my mouth like a gleeful child . it s me . i quickly and finished taking her order . alexia never spoke to . i it up to her being a good mood . new were a big deal for her after all . maybe i d replace the thing where the say mood with it s me . it t until i was assigned the delivery and was nearly up that alexia s excitement was starting to get to me . even the setting on my radio t drown out her constant screeching of it s me over and over inside my head . by the time i made it up to the door it felt like my fight or flight had in and was almost positive i was going to puke before this was over . any relief i had from the door beginning to creak open left me the second she . she was thin and with knotted hair sticking wildly from her head . over her sunken was skin so blinding i was sure it had seen the sun in . i her the almost afraid the weight of them would topple her over . she turned silently and shut the door behind her not to even acknowledge the pen and receipt sitting on top of the . on the way home i made sure to tell a now silent alexia that she was a bit of a bitch for not tipping . by the time i got home i had brushed the whole thing off . alexia was a manifestation that desperately to be real . of course my brain was going to assign her to the first real person she could associate with . it t until i a new notification for a message request on that i to worry again . alexia it was nice to finally meet you in person . i be seeing you soon . seeing me soon ? why would she be looking for me ? i t need to think about it any longer though . alexia was nice enough to answer for herself . revenge . as i here is the second true horror story even than skin in the box which also don as the hapless messenger of evil tidings . some time in or it is well after sunset that don my unit to bring me a gift and thought would make for a hilarious conversation piece . why on earth he thought of me among all his many to be the recipient of such a diabolical curio is beyond my comprehension . and must remain one of those buried with him now that he on . personally i believe he was into it unto my unsuspecting . for which reason will be clear as this tale . so i pick up the phone yeah ? it s me ! got something for ya ! why on earth do my refuse to identify themselves and assume i recognize their voice over this tinny intercom after i told them time and time again to state their name ? it s not like i don t have who often force me to screen my . i ponder before well who is it ? don ! let me in . he while like a demented which he is not though he does have his idiotic . so i press on the dial pad that he may open the gate and enter . then i step into the hallway and await his ascent up the cheaply stairway . illuminated by dim watt light that glare naked from brass which dangle from the foot ceiling . my apartment building is ancient . . . built in and is very much the lair . rumor it that founder of the church of satan once lived there in the turret . he holding some sort of machete sheathed in leather with a handle that also to be leather but is or shaped into some sort of face w o any color other than cowhide . upon closer inspection the face to be a devil with a twisted grin . its seem to roll . i shudder . once in my i withdraw the long curved knife from its sheath to discover a slightly but still sharp machete with several of dried blood on it . at least i think it s blood due to its dark maroon shade . could be something else though but the overall impact is chilling . so i quickly place it back in the scabbard . i set it on desk this is hideous don . where did you find it ? in a by park ! he . well it s a scary object and i don t think i could live with this thing in the same room . oh . but why don t you keep it overnight ? he . if you don t really want it just pass it on to someone who does don who then he split to pick up babe from a friend s place . so i m suddenly left alone in my dumpy hovel with a machete that evilly at me no matter where in the room i stand . i find it most and can t concentrate very well on my computer s or television . before the sack i decide to pull the ladder out from beside the climb it and place the object on the loft . out of sight out of mind . or so i believe . but once cozily in my bedding i drift into a most unsettling slumber . of a talking machete haunt my sleep . it out of the sheath and on desk to chide me your me to slay you . anyone who my hilt will be suddenly to slash you into many ! then this devil hilt even and an ultra high pitch that can only be by my disturbed imagination . my feel as if punctured by sewing needles and a chill sweat the two meant to keep me warm on icy nights . i awake many times through the damp wee looking up at the loft in fear that the machete will suddenly leap upon my bed and slit my throat . morning at last and i fix a quick breakfast of rolled and then depart for muddy coffeehouse on church street with this strange knife sheathed and in my . after a mocha and lemon bar i notice topaz seated four tables away . he s a recent acquaintance i first met some back at this venue an anteater nose thick framed glasses and long straggly hair that well below the . no muscle tone whatsoever just a flabby geek between the age of and . so i decide to show him the machete rise from my chair and approach him . hello may i sit down ? sure he . what s up ? i then tell him of the extraordinary item i received last night from a street buddy and would he like to check it out ? only please don t remove the blade from its sheath i instruct then withdraw the curious item from my pack and place it on the table . but no sooner do i set it down than he my plea and it out of the scabbard . i am afraid now that he suddenly swipe it across my neck plus it is a crime to expose a large knife in public for which i could be with a felony . i grow most and wish to punch him out for this arrogant disrespect . i sit there in trembling repose as he the knife in his feeble and closely the blade and hilt . i m ready to scream put the damn machete back in its sheath . what the did i just tell you ? it s all i can do to restrain outrage . he while turning the blade several times beneath his glare . this is a strange thing . don t know what to make of it . topaz finally the machete into its sleeve and it to my desperate to bury it once more in my . i then excuse myself wishing never again to associate with this . i have to get rid of this pronto i later conclude on my way back hovel where i stash the blade on the loft once more and figure out how to dispose of it . all the while hearing the demon s shrill laughter in the back of my mind " you will never get rid of me for long ! someone else will find me and hand it to another who it to another who is without a clue to bring it back unto your presence " the imp . " remember he who the hilt will slice you to and not even know why or remember ! " of icy sweat run down my and as i attempt to figure out how to defeat this monster . dusk and i sit in my room alone with the machete and still undecided how to dispose of it or perhaps him . then around eight someone my hovel . it is . a burly dude straight out of the michigan and foot . scary dude no doubt . in san about four ago a tentative friend at best . definitely heterosexual like many of the who feign gay friendly . so i tell him to wait by the bus stop i have something to show him . i run down the stairway with machete in hand and open the gate to speak with him on the sidewalk . what do you think of this ? don this to me last night but i think i should get rid of it . the hilt and scabbard then the blade from its sheath for closer examination . he then up at me with trepidation yes ! get rid of it right away . it s a sacrificial knife that many people ! well could you please get rid of it for me ? break it up into first and dispose of it in many separate trash from each other ! i request . so with the satanic weapon which fortunately i never see again . though i really have no idea whether he really the knife and it in various . as far as i know he might sold it for a tidy profit . in which case the machete will find its way back to me on some dark day . several later i cross with and ask him about that machete . all he is i got rid of it but does not elucidate as to exactly how . i still see from time to time after all these usually to purchase some mediocre grade ganja . and i wonder should i ask him about the devil s knife one more time ? or should i just keep my mouth shut ? i still have occasional about of a fragmented machete being drawn back together through some sort of dark magic to reform themselves into a whole and hunt me down through the of naive . what to me t going to pull on any heart i m sure . i admit it right now i m a bad guy a low life bag that made my money outside of the law . i m here so can point their finger at me and say at least i m not like him . that s been my role in society and i come to with it but i m still a human being i still have and . so what to me t ever happen to anyone . period . so like i said i m an outlaw . i sell that let people forget their for a while . downside is that the government been taking over my job lately what with marijuana being and all that . are moving towards easier to get and no jail time providing . it s been a rough go for me economically . had to diversify my portfolio so to speak and turn to gun running on the dark web . now there s a revenue stream that won t dry up soon . unmarked and fully automatic with no wait period or background check appeal to a lot of different clientele . i don t know where they go or who is them for what purpose . i m not the morality police just a guy trying to make a buck . enough of that though cut to the chase . i got a story to tell and you got time to listen . it all a few ago . business had been booming lately what with all the both sides want to be armed my usual base of and various and not to mention the whole quarantine . toilet paper t the only thing being i guess . the point i m trying to make is that i had so much business i t keep track of it all or anything else for that matter . so when this year a news report came on about a little being caught in the of some and that the police had the being used to been sold from the dark web it never even registered on my radar . four ago i had just gotten off the phone with my grandmother she t doing too well but i her the payment for her treatment was in the mail when i got an from a client a small time gang sun yee on . if that t ring a bell then the the triad . if you still don t know what i m talking about you don t know the underworld it . they were why they got a hundred twelve inch black instead of the ak s they had ordered . let me tell you they did not find this funny at all . after that the came pouring in and were made on my life ranging from big time to local wondering where their killer was . i spent all of reaching out to my and what had . none of them knew . according to them the went out as ordered . had to hire a hacker to get into the system only to find out that the had been to police and then other were sent out in their place . holy hell my life is ruined i said to myself head in as i tried to puzzle together what had actually . reality t even set in yet when a voice came through the on my computer . a bad day are we ? it said funny how these happen out of nowhere and you . i up and that the light was on that my was also active . when you been on the dark web as long as i have you know the you run of being hacked . i thought i had set up enough protection but there is always someone out there that can get around it i suppose . by this given my recent i sat there and gave the camera the middle finger . t have taken you as the stoic type . especially after your reputation is in and your life may now be at stake . off some high level haven t you ? they might just come to collect your ass for the goods they t get . piss off . . . wait it was you t it ? i said bolting upright . initially this was an annoyance now this voice had my attention . what i may or may not have done should be your least concern . you should be worried about the four triad coming around the corner down the street right now . the voice said . my computer screen switched to a camera down my street i think it was from an and a group of burly men coming down the road . i could tell it was by my place from the little bakery across the way from the camera . at first i rushed to grab my and head out but then it hit me . why would this voice ruin my life and then help me escape by warning me someone was after me ? from the door i stopped as i this over . later there was a knock on my apartment door . through the peephole i saw the same four men that had ago been down the street . went off in my pocket and i in to grab my phone . don t talk just listen . i know a safe place for you to go . head out the back window and down the fire escape . i tell you where to go after that . the same voice from my computer told me through my phone . i t have a second to think about what was happening and what he told me to do . down the rusty ladder and into the dirty alleyway i went . as soon as i hit the ground a lookout on the street spotted me . he up to his then gave chase . take the next left then cross the street and go down the alley on the other side . he said . rang out from behind and a bullet by my head . hurry up you re almost there . i can t hold the light much longer . the voice told me . there was no traffic on the street so i was able to cross easily . the men where about ten behind me and as soon as i was on the other side the stop light turned green and the road i had just crossed busy . one of the men to think he could follow after me and the would stop for him . he was mistaken and got hit by one . this a huge jam and the other men were forced to abandon their chase to tend to their now unconscious associate . keep going down the alley then take a left and go into the building there . i did as i was told and once i turned the corner ran into the door on my left and it with relief . the room was large and dark save for the flicker of a computer screen in the middle . there t much i could make out but the space was seemingly empty from the white light i could tell the wall to my right was covered in a foam latex . my phone hung up and there was the soft click of a lock from the door behind me . hey ! you can t lock me in here . i . what the hell do you think you re doing ? i as i made my way to the computer . how did the triad get my address and who the hell are you ? why would you save me after my life ? i m the guy who gave the triad your address . that s who i am . the voice said from the computer . i d save you after your life because revenge is a dish best cold . the temperature in the room immediately to drop and within my breath was frosty as i on the floor in a feeble attempt to stay warm . it was then i i was in some kind of warehouse and the foam latex was insulation . breath labored my t focus . i tried to talk but all that came out was gibberish . heavy finally to open as i sank into a blackness i had never experienced before . get up . i m not done with you yet . the voice said . my head like a bass drum dull and achy . were now on in the warehouse . the place was even bigger than i had originally thought . not just a freezer like i had figured it took up about half the city block and was wall to wall white . there was a door opposite of the one i and one on each of the other as well . pain coursed through my right hand looking down i was to realize my middle finger had been cut clean off . what the hell ? my finger you took my finger . when something is taken from you suddenly t it ? here are my . listen up . you don t touch the computer or you die . you do what you re told or you die . don t try to escape or you die . that s it . pretty simple . for the next twenty four i own you . now come here i got something i want to show you . still too weak to stand i over to the screen like an animal . pain blinded me every time my hand hit the floor . at least the bleeding had stopped already . of shown on the screen . three and an automatic rifle . do these look familiar to you ? the man . no should they ? you sold them this year . they were used in a shooting that two drug and an innocent child . look i only facilitate the i don t actually handle the product . i m more of a middle man . what these people want them for and why they use them is not my concern . i m only trying to make a buck . then get a job and contribute to society like a normal person you sad excuse for a human being . nowadays barely cover the let alone pay for a cancer treatment . go cry to a shrink point is is that these are now being kept at the police station in the evidence locker . i want you to go get them . i can t do that . i m a mid level gun runner i can t get around the security or pass myself off as an officer to get in there . i d need a uniform a badge key it s undo able for me . i think now would be a good time to take a hard look into your stumpy finger . i brought my hand up and deep into the wound . underneath all the blood and pulp i could clearly make out a silver looking metal . that container potassium cyanide in it . if you don t do as you re told it you with a lethal dose . i have the button here in my hand . of me to flash across the screen . they were of me at the grocery store the gas station and even taking a walk near my apartment . i can see you anywhere in the city . stray off course and you re dead . there is an earpiece in a basket by the door . connect your phone to it via and listen to my . if you do what i say you be fine . went to the door and found everything as he said i would connected the earpiece to my phone and put it in my ear . it was pretty small and most likely t be noticeable by . there was also a police uniform in the basket which i put on as well . he then told me which station to go to and that there was a car waiting for me outside . the door with a click outside was fully marked police car and ready to go . whoever this guy was he had i had never seen before . it was a nerve racking thirty minute drive to my destination . my hand hurt like hell the whole time a constant reminder of the power this person now had over me . so you need these back so you don t get in trouble ? if that s the case why t you send one of your people to do it ? no reason to torture and harass me like this . i m just saying you seem to have and incredible hacking no need for all this violence . i said . turn left here . he and i drove the rest of the way in silence save for when he told me . finally got to the station was a little worried my hand would draw suspicion so i slipped it into my pocket . the added pressure from the pants the capsule to shift . i was worried it might go off accidentally then i would hit the floor dead in the middle of a cop shop surrounded by . t that make for a crazy news story at six . the evidence locker is in the basement . cell reception will cut out there . you got fifteen to get the and get out or i inject the cyanide . i don t want you turning yourself in or something . everything you need to get the is in your left back pocket and i already all the necessary paper work in the computer . the man said and then he was gone . got down to the basement no problem . my badge and to be let in . everything was going smooth went into the back and put the three into evidence then to walk out . hey you sign those out you can t just walk out of here with them . the clerk behind the desk said . oh yeah long day . must of forgotten . i . gave the man my badge number and some . i thought this case was closed already . why do they want to look at the evidence again ? the clerk . i for a minute then came up with something new evidence in the case . the da to look at some stuff . they might reopen it . i said that any of that made sense . ah . you must be from uptown . the is all in order but i need a detective to sign off on this first . the clerk got up and went in back . i could see him through some glass talking to a man in a suit . he at me then the other man at me then the clerk pointed to me . i don t know what they were saying but the detective suspicious . fourteen had already and i t have time to wait . without thinking i the that the through the slot of the divider and ran . i could hear the office fly open as the clerk and detective gave chase . it t matter if they even caught me if i t get out of there in a minute i was a dead man anyways . took the and ran as fast as i could . my heart was beating out of my chest as i burst through the on the first floor . my right behind me . they were yelling and screaming for someone to stop me . one big burly cop stepped out in front of me right before the main . i put my shoulder down like i was going to plow into him but then took a step left then right . he lunged at me but i narrowly it and was out in the parking lot . rang out as i to my cruiser and got in . the back window as it was hit by a bullet but i to turn the key and get out of there . earsplitting filled the air as a whole slew of cop gave chase . did you get the ? the voice said over the my earpiece . yes you . you set me up . i t know you would mess up this bad . i take care of it . you just get out of their sight . i to take a few sharp and lose them for a second then i my mystery man s voice come across the scanner . he was giving them false on which way i was going leading them away from me . he then told me where to ditch the car i was in and that a new vehicle would be waiting for me there along with a change of clothes . i again did what he said and got into an old ford pinto and my clothes . it took about twenty to get back to the warehouse . the were off again and the computer was the only thing visible . put the in the back and then come back over to the computer . i was told . went in did it . as i i on the screen there was a picture of a young boy . i m not do any or off a child . you can just kill me right now . i told him . no you won t . you already have . kneel down and take a close look at this picture . surely you recognize this one . he was all over the news a while back . i don t know what you mean . i never a before in my life . i said while getting down to look . not directly you haven t but let me tell you about this one . he was nine old and had just gotten his new shiny bike he had always . he his dad if he could go for a ride and his dad said yes . what kind of world do we live in when a can t even ride his own bike ? he was only a few from his house when gun fire filled the street . there were some drug on that block and it was drive by . do you know where these people got their from ? let me take a wild guess me . i . do you know which they were ? a voice said from behind me . the touch of cold steel against the back of my head . you my son when you sold those men these . the same i had you retrieve for me . whoever this man was he was now right behind me and from the sound of it he eagerly my demise . alright man if you re going to do it then do it . know however that i only do this to help my grandma . she d be dead if it t for me . she s old and already lived her life . my son had his whole life ahead of him and you stole that . the don t justify the . a sharp crack rang in my head when he hit me with the butt of the gun . i was on my back looking up in my from the pain . he pointed the gun right at my face and the trigger . i in anticipation for my final . click . the gun was empty . death is too good for you and will never bring my boy back . you re live your life in fear from now on . one day or maybe never you may experience the most horrific and painful death ever of . inside of you is another capsule a different capsule that won t be by any medical procedure or scan . if i ever feel the need to release it you will have a slow painful and unstoppable death . you have to wait and see if that day ever comes . he then threw the gun into my face and busted my nose . his off as he out the door . the temperature to drop and the faint of police in the distance before i lost consciousness . when i came to i was in the hospital being for hypothermia . the police linked me to the evidence room robbery and i m now serving twenty in the state pen . my hand every time there is a change in the weather and i don t sleep much always wondering if this day will be my last . . be pdxwowygim my a beautiful old house that s been in her family for . about fifty ago her great aunt turned the front foyer into a new age shop and the combined living and dining area as a studio for meditation yoga and spiritual . ever since eve s of esoterica been a hub for our city s alternative queer and pagan . living and working with her aunt when she was a and took over completely when she away . her house is her home and her business the crux of her professional and social rich with family and community history and she it to . there s definitely a lot to love about it but i think my part of it would have to be the quintessential feature of any house the turret or tower as we prefer to call it . the ground floor of the tower is the which to be the first place i ever and is now usually where i hold my metaphysical sessions both and in person . the second floor of the tower is the study and library filled with around two thousand some of them older than the house itself . it ' s also where the entrance to the panic room is hidden but you ' t hear that from me . but the attic floor of the tower is the best . we call it the watchtower room and it an amazing view of the east side of town . we can see downtown the queen street clock tower the river and park the college the botanical and even as far as the . it s a perfect place to just sit and speak and think and just enjoy each other s company . but the first time me that room it t the view that caught my attention . it was early spring shortly after she and i had first gotten together and she decided to give me a proper tour of the beloved home where she spent the majority of her life . we went room to room working our way up until we had inevitably the tower room . and finally we have the attic which as one would expect is mostly storage she said as she led me into the surprisingly well kept auxiliary space . i got a lot of really cool family away up here i ' d love to spend a whole day with you just going over them sometime but for now our tour at the watchtower room . ! you can see half the city from up here and it ' s really pretty at night especially in the winter with all the up . and check this out ! it a dumb waiter and it still works ! sometimes i ' make dinner downstairs hoist it up and eat it up here . pretty " setup right ? " it s a gorgeous view i agreed gazing out the window trying to suppress the thought that i ' d never get a chance to look out of it at because this amazing girl would dump me long before then . i around for something to take my mind off of my anxiety and a portrait hanging on the watchtower room wall . who s that ? i shuffling in closer to inspect it . the portrait a well dressed man in late middle age with glasses hairline and a goatee sitting by what like the fireplace downstairs . he had the same ashen blonde hair and vivid blue as so i could only assume that he was one of her . that ' s the man of the house as my great aunt to call him sliding up beside me and slipping her arm around my waist . he s her father and my great grandfather fawn . he a general practice on druid street and was a member of the city council for nearly thirty . i was told that this painting originally hung over the mantle but when my aunt the house she knew from day one that she was going to turn it into a bastion of and witchcraft . a big portrait of a wealthy old white man hanging where everyone could see it would been a touch off brand . oh . while we re on that topic i actually have a framed poster of h . p . that i don t really have space for in my trailer . i was wondering if i could put it somewhere here ? i meekly . she gave me an incredulous side glance unsure if i was being serious . i know there are a lot of with but i really would like to put that poster up somewhere . we could put it in your cat s room out of view from the hall . no one else would ever know it was there and . i bit my lip nervously making the best puppy dog that i could . i think about it she said flatly . as i was saying my aunt took this portrait down from the mantle because it with the new in a manner of speaking but she t want to get rid of it altogether . she him and she told me that the worst thing she could say about him was that he a paternalistic sort of that you would expect of a gentleman of that era the kind that female hysteria on wandering . that s mostly why he left the house to her instead of my grandmother she had a husband . and it would have been harder back then for a woman to support herself without a man so the inheritance t exactly unappreciated . so he knew your aunt was a and still kept her in his will ? i somewhat considering he must have born in the th century . yeah . he d lost his wife to ovarian cancer and his only son in world war . he t willing to lose his daughter over something like that she . he was far from a progressive but he was decent enough according to my aunt . cool i thoughtfully as i continued to appreciate the painting . wait back up a minute . your grandmother s maiden name was fawn ? did she keep her name or no . no no she with a shake of her head . my original last name was actually . unlike great grampa my father t decent enough . he s a deadbeat who had basically nothing to do with me or any of his other bastard so i thought it was ridiculously traditional that my mother gave me his last name . he even to guilt me for money when he s desperate . plus when i living here and i when i the place the ass actually tried to move into the spare room . the on him both times . anyway my aunt was a far bigger influence on my life than my father or even my mother for that matter so when i turned eighteen i my name to fawn . wow . sorry about your dad i . you were pretty lucky to have someone like your aunt to take you under her wing though . have you ever had any contact with her since she on ? a couple of times " she . " she ' s in the summerland specifically a place she the isle of . she s both very happy and very busy there so she ' s usually pretty reluctant to answer my summons . i miss her of course but it ' s nice to know that she ' s happy where she is and that i won t necessarily have to wait until i die to see her again . what about ? does he still around here at all ? i . nope . i never met him and my aunt never had any contact with him after he on she . but like i said he was decent enough so he probably to the higher of the astral plane . no sense in beyond that . even don t get to know everything about the otherworld . i giving the portrait one last glance before i sat down with at the small window side table as she plugged in an electric kettle to make tea for us . i t give the portrait or any more real thought for . despite my and i were still together by that holiday season not to mention this one and i was helping her decorate downstairs . we had gone up to the attic to get some of the older more traditional that had been down to her . some of it is explicitly but i don t really have a problem with that she as we up into the attic . both yule and are about the birth of an male divinity of sacrifice and resurrection . the exact t super important it s the that are powerful . oh that me . not to be disrespectful but the scarf you put on your horned god idol downstairs kind of him look like a buff . from the of " i said as i her open a wooden chest . . that s alright . it s festive while still being tasteful i think she . it s better than a nose on him . that would be disrespectful . " but and maybe i ' m this it kind of ' t make sense " i . " why would a guy even a god wear a scarf but no shirt ? " my half brother jack is a shirtless wonder who i seen outside during the winter in a scarf but no shirt so it she . i too but then that portrait of her great grandfather caught my attention . hey what do you think about that portrait back over the mantle for the ? i . what ? why ? she confused . well it s kind of an old fashioned gentleman by a roaring fireplace . it t clash with the as much as usual . how about it ? i . she it for a moment her tongue as she did so . alright but only for the and then my nymph orgy painting is going right back up she . i and over to the old portrait gently lifting it off its hook . i it up to the light to get a better look at it and as i did so it slightly towards me . that s when i there was an envelope stuck under the frame . ah . there s a letter or something behind the frame here i told her . what ? she the down and coming over to investigate . i the painting up against the wall and very gently the envelope free . " to the lady of the house " i said reading the handwriting on the front of it . " i guess that ' s you . " i handed it over to her and she cautiously it over before the letter out of the already side . to my darling she to read . if you re reading this then i have and you are now the lady of our family home . i shall not waste either of our time by giving you or even as to how to go about its upkeep as i do not expect to be able to command you in death any more so than i was able to do in life . nonetheless as the lady of the house you are now to certain clandestine lore pertaining to its origin which i have hitherto kept from you . do with this information as you will . as you are aware this house was by your grandfather and it was he who was responsible for our home s many . hidden for contraband an escape passage underneath the and two secret one for people and one for . it is the latter of these the secret vault on the ground floor with which i have not been wholly truthful . " to my knowledge you have seldom been in there and never once without me . while you may have my edict against entering it without permission as flagrantly as any other i don ' t believe you have . your disdain and distrust of that space always quite genuine to me and i don t blame you one bit for that . though you barely knew him you know what a vile man your grandfather was . he was a ruthless industrialist with no about breaking the law or with vicious when it his . what you don t know is that like you your grandfather had an interest in the occult . unlike you however he only learned the of for the most unseemly of . within the vault which the most of your grandfather s ill gotten there is a trap door . it is subtle but once you look for it you shall find it . it down to a small sort of root cellar wherein he all manner of occult paraphernalia most of which are beyond my ken to even appraise . it is most bizarre though i have that such are not uncommon within . amidst the many horrid that fill that dark space there is but one of which i have no doubt to its purpose a golem made in a hideous mockery of man scarcely more than a gargoyle . when so willed it the thing would become animate from satanic and walk the dark and moonless streets to do his bidding . i know this for i have seen it with my own . since your grandfather i have not to meddle with anything in that accursed vault and thankfully it inaction was the correct course for it lied dormant all these many . my fear though is that it is merely an unknown time or signal to some secret command of your grandfather ' s or that there are who may still know of it and may come to claim it as their own when both the need and opportunity is upon them . now that the house is yours this is now your burden . if you choose to simply let it lie fallow as i have that is your right . but should you choose to apply your craft in this sleeping demon from our home i have faith in you as well . i ask your forgiveness in both keeping this from you and you with it now . to this day i abhor your wretched grandfather for me such a monstrosity and if you have the same sentiment i only ask that you direct it at him and not me . he lit this torch i have simply chosen to pass it on rather than blindly trying to snuff it out and risk fanning the in the process . know that i love you even in death and should my spirit fail to attend your please believe me when i say it is not because i would not desperately love to see you again . i know not what me in death but i do fear that this weight upon my conscience may at the very least demand some perdition before i am permitted any saintly rest . your loving father . finished reading and we just stood there in silence for a moment . did your aunt ever read that ? i finally . she must have . i mean it was she softly . and she never told you about this ? she told me about and the vault but never anything about an underground lair she . hold on back up one minute . where is this vault ? i confused . a long moment as she considered what to tell me . you know the pantry in between the kitchen and the utility room ? she said at last . have you that it s only about half as big as it should be ? we went back downstairs into the utility room where carelessly removed a cheap landscape painting from the wall . behind it was an in built combination lock that had been as a defunct thermostat which she with a few quick turns of her hand . there was a click and she slowly on it revealing a hidden doorway . " behold great great secret stash she said dejectedly shamefully her gaze . inside was a room around the same size as the adjacent pantry thirty square or so explaining the previously unaccounted for space . inside were multiple of gilded hunting and ammunition . more primitive such as daggers axes and were mounted on the wall as well . haphazardly scattered around the small room were and silverware and small pocket and jewelry mantle and basically anything that could have conceivably been snuck out of some one s house under a jacket . they were all either gold silver jewel or fine porcelain . there was a stack of a crystal skull ceremonial wooden and from a culture i t recognize a few a can of ostentatious and even a collection of conch . i could go on but suffice it to say there was a lot of weird stuff into that little room . whoa i said softly my darting in all to take it all in as quickly as possible . and you knew about this ? i did . my aunt it to me ago and told everyone else it was an old furnace she decided to wall off rather than have she . but i t know about the trap door though . i never go in there . i m ashamed of it . so was my aunt . like she and i we re supposed to be these patriarchy smashing but this house and the inheritance my aunt used to start her business now my business it all came from . did horrible and some of those horrible for this house . i mean he labour and and by then she d broken down completely and weeping into her . i immediately my arms around her and her head on my shoulder . baby listen to me . you re not i said firmly . " i t care less if he s where your house and money came from . none of us choose our family and i don t judge people for they t choose . i know you and i know you would never make a choice that would hurt innocent people . you have only ever chosen to heal and to help and that is why i love you . this place t been a robber baron s home for . this is your house and you re still a patriarchy smashing witch to me . half half at my attempt at solace . thank you she her nose and with a tissue i d handed her . really thank you . sometimes sometimes i think that no matter how much pussy i eat or pot i smoke at the end of the day i m just a pampered little white girl who t care where all her nice came from . i was worried that when you found out about this room you might think that too . it really a lot to me that this t change anything between us . it will take a hell of a lot more than some from your evil great great grandpa to make me think you still ' t the best thing to have ever to me " i assured her gently caressing the back of her head and kissing her slowly . " ah i believe we were looking for a golem ? " yeah sorry . got there she . we some of the contraband out of the secret room and quickly found the trap door . just as s letter had said it was invisible at a glance but easy enough to find if you were looking for it . it open revealing a vertical shaft leading to some sort of room beneath the foundation of the house . we some and carefully our descent . the shaft ended deep beneath ground level in a small brick lined cellar . inside were no or or wiring just large and bound shut with and the to which were probably lost forever . well none of these big enough to hold a golem with relief . maybe my aunt already dealt with it for us . look i whispered shining my flashlight onto a bare spot on the wall . the space was wide enough that a man could have stood there comfortably and hanging from the wall was a pair of broken iron . upon the grimy floor a pair of large towards the far end of the cellar where part of the wall was now strewn about as rubble as though some being of superhuman might had its way through . on the other side of the broken wall was the start of a tunnel but it had in only a few from where it . i can think of only two possible for the golem if it had ever at all . the first and preferred possibility is that the tunnel in on it either by accident or by design burying it forever . the second possibility is that the tunnel in after the golem was already free perhaps to prevent anyone from finding out where it had gone . if the latter possibility is the correct one then that that the hideous abominable golem of the murderous robber baron fawn is still at large in the world somewhere and maybe even in the service of someone just as vile . in the year since that night i not seen the golem or any sign of it and i sincerely hope i never do . it s utterly disquieting that and perhaps even myself may have slept in her beloved home while the of her forefather literally away beneath the ready to wake and carry out final command to it when the time finally came . this took place about ago . my family just into a small house in the middle of no where i t very popular growing up so i was excited to start fresh . the house we into was completely abandoned and we had no information on the previous just a dilapidated home filled with junk . being old i found a lot of the stuff fascinating and secretly some of their in my new room . the first couple of were normal fixing up some broken moving in and making the place our own . since i was still a i exploring the countless and building little all over the property . one night i had a new friend from school come over and he we a game in my fort . he had some on his phone that supposedly let you talk to ghost . i found this super interesting and agreed to make contact with the old of the house i took the i stole and we the game . at first nothing but random being on the screen right when we were about to call it quits we all the in the house cut off . i out thinking my had up and turned the off so we ran down the hill and tried sneaking back in before i the door i my friend t behind me . i could sworn i saw him running with me i swore i him breathing heaving right before i turned around . that s when it hit me i up the hill and saw the light from his phone on the ground . i could hardly make out his silhouette but clear as day i saw a glowing blue figure standing what like above him . i at the top of my and told him to run then the blue figure with a huge flash . all of the in my house suddenly turned on and my friend was standing right next to me ghostly white mumbling nonsense . my dad ran out the back door and at us for being up this late . the next day my friend was gone before i woke up worried he t want to hangout i him no response . i thought to myself maybe his phone and i d see him at school on . came and he t in class i was at lunch when i got to the office my my and the police where there waiting for me . out i quickly what was wrong they told me they t seen my friend since that night and if i had any idea where he was i told them he was gone before i even woke up . they t believe me thinking i had him run away or something . later that day i got home and got the courage to walk up the hill to where i saw the blue figure standing my phone was still there . all of the stolen were now gone though . later he is still missing and i still see the figure from my window standing at the top of the hill . before you read this story please know that i am new at writing and not very good . the summer after i graduated from high school my and i were going on a road trip to lake with a few close . lake is a small town in southern . it had been a nice tourist spot for until it was abandoned after toxic had been exposed to the water thus killing any life for around and making the air extremely polluted . the that came with us on this trip were both mine and mike s best amy and who were together along with s twin brother . we were going on the trip and in s old bus that he had spent all of high school fixing up . as soon as the back of the van was with our luggage we set out on our trip from northern clear to southern . when we had just gotten to hour two of our long trip ahead of us when over to a rest stop and take over driving for a little will ya ? obliged and into the driver ' s seat . by the look on face we could all tell he was up to something we all knew that look too well . he sat back and for his bag . he it to reveal various of tequila a six pack of beer a pound bag of weed and a pipe . all three of us and back and said aye man this be a good weekend . then into his pocket out at least eight of acid . i rolled my of course the two who spent all four of high school stoned would bring all this on a weekend trip but of course we all passing the around . i immediately thought it and two of the acid at once which was a huge mistake . within thirty it hit me like a ton of . i put my head back on the seat and watched as the carpet ceiling to move and change color . it felt like everything was moving so fast and so slow at the same time . pretty soon i felt hand on my face and i at him and did you drop some too ? he no and i watched as his smile distorted in the way . then i around and saw amy and out of the van with drinking . i we must be at the beach of lake but i t sure so i where are we now ? he around and said beach . as the world kept moving i at and we t just a conversation in the middle of an acid trip . he was sober and had me pinned onto the van floor . he was taking my off and i t stop him . his face horribly as i i never agreed to this . it felt like days as i lay there on the floor of the van unable to move unable to scream unable to get away from the attack . he just t stop . as soon as finished and i could move again i my back on and got out of the van . i over to where amy and were and just sat on the sand . i watched the green water ripple and the reflection of the moon sway along the and thought none of this is real right ? something in the air had made me feel horribly sick and a rush of adrenaline fell over my body as i broke into a freezing cold sweat . i took off running from our group and projectile onto the sand just a few away . ran over and my hair out of my face as i wretched harder and harder . i onto the sand for a second to catch my breath . knew something t right with me . she ran to the van and a blanket and a water bottle . she wrapped it around me and gave me some water and i drinking and soon out . the next day i woke up in the van all alone . the sun was shining and i out to see the beach filled with people . i around the van and nobody s were there except mine . i went to change my clothes that they were not what i not even anything i d seen before . i just to leave but the were still on the driver ' s seat . i them and left the van . i knew i to eat or drink something and i the ten i put in my pocket . i it out and over to a little stand . the cashier at me and said that s a strange outfit lady . i down and let out a little fake laugh then ordered a large raspberry . i handed him my cash and he said strange looking ten . must be real new . again i just fake and away with my drink . i to remember the night before and immediately to feel nauseous . i ran to the van and inside my clothes off of me . i through the bag and just put on some random clothes as my continued to ring . i t care that the clothes t mine . i just to burn those sweat pants . i on the clothes and at my underwear . my were covered in dry blood and so were my underwear . i peeled them off and put them in a pile with my t shirt and . i found some clean they still t mine but they were still in the package with the sanitary sticker on them . even if they t new i t care . i put them on and threw on the clean clothes . i up my other clothes and over to the nearest garbage and threw them out . then i thought i need to call amy or . so i looking for my cell phone . i t find it anywhere . i ' m not exaggerating when i say i turned that van upside down and still t find my stupid phone . it was like it never even . i got out of the van and saw a couple nearby . i got up the courage to talk to them and do you have a phone i can borrow ? they both at me and each other like i had spoken a different language and then the man hesitantly pointed to a pay phone over by the stand i had just been to . then i tried to remember amy s number but my mind went blank . i t think at all so i closed my extremely tight as i tried to think then when i them i over to see the van on . it was suddenly pitch black outside and the van were flung open . i over and it was moving . i got closer and saw with a brunette girl much like me pinned to the van floor . i broke into a cold sweat as he at me . to smile . his grin got and until his jaw dislocated in a horrific twisted expression . he was laughing loudly it got so loud that i covered my to drown it out . soon the feeling came over me i was going to be sick again but i just my . i back up at him and the girl that was under him was now completely in half . her entrails exposed and blood everywhere but she was still alive reaching for her . her were three away from her torso my i had just thrown out on her blood soaked . one of my converse was still on her foot . she was gasping for air and i in the van to her side . i at her and saw it was me . i was laying on the van floor gasping for air and feeling the nothingness of the blood soaked van floor where my should be as i out . i felt like i was losing my mind when i saw this . i to get out of the van i at the window and the door and the door busted open . i to the ground again and . i t vomit i just dry violently until i curled up in pain on the sand and lost consciousness . i lay there asleep for what felt like until i s voice again . she was sobbing and trying to give me . i from a distance and slowly getting closer . i up and saw amy and all above me . t anywhere near . i wrapped my arms around and her as some men laid me onto a stretcher . then i at them and i was being rushed to the hospital . i still wonder if what i experienced was a bad acid trip or a near death experience but i know that what with was very real in fact it all felt very real . after i made it back to a week later i broke up with and got into therapy . i still have where i m in half with still on top of me raping me . i grew up in a really small town in west . there was only one school one grocery store one joint and a hospital probably about forty five away . the closet neighbor we had was about a ten minute driving radius away . i want to apologize in advance . i figure my grammar t up to par with many on here . but just understand and have pity my education t as high quality as many of y all may have had . we grew up in a tiny shack like house in the . it was just my pa my toddler brother and me . pa said ma ran off after jake . i don t remember too much about her other then she smelled like lavender and gave me good . pa worked the coal mines and i basically had to raise jake by myself a lot of the time . living in the was a great life at the time . we only ate what we could kill or grow and we to do just fine . the only thing that i was the screaming . you can what a scream like . it s enough to make your hair raise when you re hearing it in person . some people say they sound like a baby screaming . pa always said they sound like a woman screaming . it definitely like a woman screaming . pa had many for us and the biggest one he said was to never go to his building over the hill . he was very stern in his voice when he said that . i always tried to be a good son so i just . i never really anything he said . he was decent to us . late in one night i remember pa saying he was going out hunting since we were low on food . he sat me and jake out two bowls of and he took off . it must have been close to midnight when i very loud screaming . it was truly blood curling . i a bang on the door . i t want the loud to wake up jake and i had no clue what it was it could have been pa . i ran to the door and it very small . there was a blonde woman at the door and she was naked and covered in blood . please let me in ! there s a maniac out there he s coming this way . i froze up and in fear . we call the . . . oh god here he comes . she took off running through the . i hide low enough to look through a window and i hear a voice that was so familiar . where are ya you damn animal ! ! it was pa . i watched when the woman and he mounted on top of her . she cried out for help until buck knife into her . came down from my . to this day i wonder if i could have stopped him . eventually i seen him walking down from his building with a lantern in his hand . i ran to the bedroom and threw the my worn blanket over my head to pretend i was . i his push down on the as they an eerie sound . i t know if he knew i seen or not . when he went to work the next day i was left a list of to take care of . but i the police . i never forget it either . i remember the officer opening the door to pa s building . he was and shouting for backup . more forward . inside the building was dead . there was a lot of missing in the community and the woman last night was one of the wife . later down the road he himself . pa s rusty truck came down the road and the quickly stopped him by gun point . the last i him say still sit with me . i was just taking care of them . ya hear me boy ? you re be a panther killer one day too . it s in your blood . you do right . you and jake . pa was to life and we were to the hard life of foster care . were always hard and i t let my baby brother be from me . eventually pastor and his lovely wife took us in . they did their best . by the time i turned eighteen and jake turned fourteen i snuck me and him off and away . finding work was hard but i was able to find it when . right before i though pa wrote me a letter . by the time you turn you be the man i knew you could be . just like i was and my daddy and his daddy . we to and i found me a good woman to be my wife . she also t mind jake living with us until he graduated and could financially take care of himself . she me in so many ways and because of her love i graduated from our community college and now am certified as an electrician and in . but there s a problem . today i turned . my wife woke me up with a big breakfast and fresh cup of coffee . she whispered in my ear i can t wait to show you your present later . she me and in my . her were cat like . a world of dread valley part growing up i was always very close with my uncle harry . he was my older brother . he was the typical cool uncle that would give you money on your birthday and spoil you till your rotten . every and we would always go to his farm . i lived in a suburban area with a train and loud . not to mention we live a few away from . my uncle place on the other hand was in the middle of nowhere i mean rural did not even begin to describe where he lived . his place was a house with a farm right next to it . he also had a shed . he lived with his husband and farm . he had and . his home was surround by and . he had of land for me and my sister and three to play on . it was a silent place . its somewhere i would call time we would visit his farm he would always have a story to tell . his ranged from him meeting his husband to him getting into to his experience in the army to how he his farm . his could make you cry smile be excited or in most be . he had a lot of scary to tell . i was the of the and yet none of his scary ever really me out except for one . it out my and though which always gave me a good laugh . there was one story of his that always stuck with me . i ' m not to great when it comes to some of the smaller due to the fact that i was ten when he told me this story . but i remember the important like the back of my head . not to mention he never go to finish it . i remember it was on and i was go fish with my brother down near the basement . we had finished all are food at that point . we ' t really do too much of any trick or treating because my uncle harry lived in the middle of nowhere . we did dress up though . i was a ghost girl and my brother was a vampire . during are little game i a crate . in the crate was a whole host of of my family . i saw me and my and as . i saw my as a little girl . i saw my grandmother as a young woman . i saw a picture of my wedding and my uncle wedding . it was all really fun to look at until i saw one picture that really caught my eye . the picture was of a man standing in front of a sign for some sort of town or village . i had no idea who this man was . i thought maybe it was a family member i never saw but i was none the less . i ' t see what the sign said either because the man in the photo was blocking it . being the curious i was i up to my uncle harry and i him what was this photo and who was the man was in the photo . when he saw the photo i him he was speechless for a moment . he like he saw a ghost . he said to me that it was a long story and that it should be told with everyone together . i him to tell it because his were the best and he always knew how to make it sound interesting . i had no doubt in my mind that this story would be an interesting one . he everyone to the living room . at that point i was excited . the living room is wear he always told his . there was a fire place giving it a similar feeling to a campfire story . my brother brought everyone and we all got up and turned are into . like i said before i ' m a little shaky with the smaller due to the fact that i was ten when he told us about this story . i will however do everything in my power to retell his story . though i doubt i could ever give his any justice . no one told them like how he told them . my uncle harry sat in his rocking chair right near the fire place . he the photo up to show everyone what story we were going to her today . he told us that the man in the photo name is nick . nick is friend and said that he nick and two other men went on a road trip to see there other friend who had recently to and he all four of them to visit . they all lived in state so it ' t hard to drive there . he said there were all around twenty three to twenty five and that this was long before he met his husband and had his farm . the other two men were rick and morgan . the four men had got all there stuff and decided to take jeep . they had got flash and something else . i later on found out the something else was weed but i . they had star driving all the way down from south of state . once they had the border and officially made it into canada they stopped at a hotel . they had been driving for days at that point and all of them a break . they about their on where else they would like to have gone once their trip was done . rick that they just go all around canada and then just go in a full circle all the way from and then go further down to then go to all the back to state . everyone on with that . the next morning they their and head out of the hotel . as they were driving the road to get . the road was getting more and more harder to see . they stopped the car to look at the map . morgan said that they were not far away . they saw this gas station up ahead . this was amazing they thought . they can get some extra gas and ask for some extra just to see if the map up . nick out of the car and if he knew where are house is . they ' t ask that literal but they the man the map and if this was accurate . the man said it ' t far away . the man stopped and said to be carful when driving " up there " . nick what he meant by that . the man said just stay on the road . they carried on with their trip . as they were driving they saw there was another pathway . they all felt really . nick they try it out . rick fought against this though . they just to get to their place . despite all this they decided to just go the regular pathway . they made the right choice but the were just not feeling it that night . something must have it while they were driving . they stepped out of the vehicle to see that the tire was . they had a flat tire to deal with . this was long before were around . at least portable . rick said that he would go look for help back at the gas station to see if there was a mechanic or someone to help them with their tire situation they were dealing with right now . nick instead that they use this opportunity to go look at that other pathway . they were all on with this except for rick . rick was to afraid to go look at the other pathway . the man told us to just stay on this pathway . thats what rick was trying to say . they all winded up twisting his arm in to going to check it out . at that point they were only a few away from their house and that there ' s no harm in going to check it out . they agreed to go check out the other pathway then deal with the tire . rick ended up joining them . they brought flash and a camera because morgan was a photographer at the time . they down this long pathway that ended going into the more and more . they ended up seeing this sign . it was a welcome sign . it said " welcome to valley " . at the time they thought this was a town but ended it was a village not a town . nick to get a picture with the sign to which morgan agreed to . they into the dark misty village . rick knew right away that this was not nice place to be . he felt the ominous this place was giving off . my uncle harry to take a loom in the he village . there were not that many he said . this place was small and rural . it had a few . he ' t count but he would have maybe around seventy to one hundred . he into one of the . he his light on one of the . when he his light the flash light went out . he quickly to hit it in order to make it have power again . he hit a good fourteen times i would say . by the last time he hit his flash light the power camp back on and with that the flash to beam light once more . when his flash light turned on again he froze from fear . he simply could not believe what he saw . he rubbed his to make sure it was nothing more than his head on him . but when he took his out of the palm of his and saw light once more he was in disbelief . " alright everybody time for bed . " my said . i was so angry the story was about to get good . i my to just let uncle harry finish his story . she quickly declined my request and told me to go to bed . my uncle said to not worry and that i ' tell it another time . i gave him a hug and kiss good night . we were going back home the next day and they to get on the road in hurry . i did everything in my power to sleep but i ' t . i to know so badly what he saw . what was so in specter valley that my uncle harry so badly . he was the man i knew . he is the type of guy who could break his arm and still get up and fight . he ' s and moose . he was not one to scare easy . not to mention he ' s a veteran . part from that night forward i would always be my uncle harry what was it he saw in specter valley . he would always be my question . every . every i would get dogged . he wold never give me an answer . he said that telling me the story was a bad idea and that i will tell it to you when you ' re older . i would have and about that place . specter valley . what was it and what was in there . i would lose sleep over this . when i tried looking it up on the i found nothing . i went to so many different history library ' s and so much more . i found nothing . no matter how hard i i found nothing about specter valley . during my college graduation my major was economics . everyone was there for my graduation and we all had a party to celebrate . at that point i was twenty three and more than old enough to have a drink . we had the party at my uncle place . he had and all of food . i never really got a chance to drink or party because of school . this was my first real drink . it was nice to just enjoy life and be school free for just a minute or two . there was music people were dancing and . my brother almost did drunk singing . after my musical score my uncle his beer towards me and me . i up to my uncle harry who was hilariously drunk from four . we talking about everything from my future job to my love life . as we went on talking the conversation went on to the story about valley . i him what he saw in that village . he at me then he down . i him . i to know . i nothing more than anything but to just find out what he saw in that village . " alright " he said . that one word got my heart beating faster than ever before it in my entire life . that one word meant i was finally going to get an answer to the mystery that was my life . when his flash light finally came back on . he saw a woman . not just any woman . a woman he seen before . back when he was in he had done some that i won ' t go into detail . one of the he did do was shoot a woman . she apparently was just an innocent woman who had was not him at all . he had shot her out of fear . he was very young at the time and was rookie . he had never had been to war before that . he that ' s no excuse but he knew what he had done . her image had him his whole life . when he saw her in valley . he was frozen from fear . what was she doing here ? why was she here ? where did she come from ? she had lunged at him . she was physically there . she ' t a vision or an illusion . she physically him . he had a bruise from her . he was on the ground . he saw her crawling towards her . she was moving so inhumanly . her were almost bent the other way . he could here her cracking as she got closer . when he tried to open the door to escape the house he was in she on the other side . she behind him in front of him beneath him and above him . usually when someone is you they must obey the of physics that you do as well . this woman had no such . he said he saw other . he saw other people from his past . his that he was fighting got a chance to fight back . he ended up the village with his . they all claim to have seen as well . nick was covered in scratches and . rick was every where and morgan had a burn mark on his body . " what after all this ? " i him . he went on to say that morgan went blind from what he saw and had to move back with his family . rick out of the country he back to which is wear he was born . and as for nick he said that they haven ' t spoken for but the last he saw of nick was a couple ago . he was living with his wife and did not want to talk about anything from that place . he had no idea what that village was about . he had no idea if it was or whatever but he knew one thing was for sure . well he knew two were for sure . whatever it was that was in specter valley him home and whatever it is it ' s very real . that place took everything inside you from your mental illness or trigger ' s and it gave them a form . it turned them into something out of are world . he said that he still saw her and all of them . he said he wakes up with and scratches . he their presence all the time . in away he never left specter valley . that place was village that you . it came to you . going to that place was like stepping in gum and the gum you . " what else did you see there ? " i . " it was something i could not even describe . " " i saw something else there . something i ' t even want my worst enemy to see . " " can you describe its shape appearance or look ? " " no . " part conclusion i was thinking about going on a road trip with some to see the place for my self . but i did not let curiosity kill the cat . after hearing my uncle story complete and final i knew better than to ever dare step foot on that place . i can deal with a lot but supernatural i can not . going to take my uncle advice and stay as far away from that place as i possibly can . even though i will never go to specter valley i think what else did he see . i only herd about the woman but apparently he saw something else . he saw something that he could not even describe the shape look or appearance of . i must know what in the of specter valley . i never our damn government but now i really can t . my name s rick . i got a wife two younger sons in elementary school and a black . i live in cooper hill a town in the far of the country . we own a couple of land only because a . the most sound we ever hear is the wind blowing through the or the rain pouring down in or may . there t much to see out here not a lot of other . though we do see plenty of test going across the sky . they almost always come late at night . we take the family out sit on the back deck and watch the go by as almost off of the deck as if he were one of the . he s a good boy . it was the th of when we first the growing in . a few went off illuminating the black starless skies . of blue yellow red and green before my . the colors crackled across the darkness . my sons with glowing . i had my arm around my wife . almost dive off of the porch before i him by the collar and him back . relax ! i cried over the sound of a rocket . after the initial burst of few over the horizon the just dull from a distance . this is getting boring . said one of my sons ross . yeah where s all the ? the other peter . remember i . they said at the same time in the country the come and go in the blink of an eye . we tell you this every year . . and they still ask every year . i . at something . cut it out . i . he let out another series of . i up hearing the soaring of something overhead . as a firework went off i watched the of six different barrel through the air . the most test i seen at once were three . usually they test twice a month . continued to growl as the flew away . see how many there were ? me . yeah that s weird i six . where could they be going ? she . maybe it s something more than a test flight . i it off . t be anything too big . added . i woke up the next morning to the sound of more plane . it was am . i out of bed and rubbed the sleep out of my . woke up and put a hand on my shoulder . you it too ? she . . more . starting to get a little weird . i thought . you never know they might have expanded a base or their testing maybe . . t matter to me . only i a predictable sleep schedule . i . my wife and went back to bed . i laid on my back and watched of moonlight cross my ceiling . after a few i side eyed s sleeping body her hair brushed to the side to reveal just her cheek and her eye . i rolled over and fell asleep . i still remember in that hazy moment before i fell asleep hearing the of jet off in the distance . the following day no came through . i work from home so while went off to her job i stayed home and for plane in between work . the sight of the passing over our house the night before t leave my mind . the the sound of s my sons gasping as the drew everything to repeat on a loop . i took a break once or twice in between just to grab a drink of water and snack on . i watched out the window . nothing but the grassland and the gravel road beside it . the was off farther in the distance . i out at the prairie thinking about all the and we learned about in middle school . once a bonfire in the i off into the distance and forgot that there was anything outside of the prairie . there s no where i live just rolling covered in knee high grass . our part of the countryside is the most isolated in . i a thousand urban about cooper hill some native some local folklore just of the two enough to make you think when you stare off into the rolling . . . came home let off a little early from work . we for a while and she made some steak for dinner while i open a brand new bottle of red wine . everyone around the dinner table included and we all . once supper was over the they d eaten all of their food and t going to spit it out in the toilet a few later . she s weary of our doing that only because i did it sometimes as a . i spent the rest of the night watching and talking to before we both it a night and decided to sleep . i and turned for part of the night and woke up feeling tired the next morning . i had to force myself to get out of bed and get back to work . was almost out the front door by the time i had up . i sat in the living room my morning cup of coffee and watching the news on the . ross and peter were out in the yard catch with a ball . i turned my head to glance at them and instead saw six more low flying pass overhead . i at the sound of the roaring . who was also in the to bark racing across the field . i made sure that my sons had him by the collar and him back and when they had i turned my head and kept my with the screen . time . no more flew over town . to hammer down on all the work and got a lot done . my boss tipped me and an extra fifty for the week . and i decided to go watch the sunset one evening just before bed . the haven t been flying by have they ? she . nope . haven t seen them for a few days . maybe they really did change the test . i down the gravel road a black van up . it up of dust behind it as it came along . have ya ever seen that car before ? me . i shook my head no unable to take my off of it . the license plate kn or what i thought to be . the were tinted a shade so dark that if the sun t reflecting off of them you t have the . the van closer towards our house and then along the gravel road . my i stood and towards them . one of the . a man on the passenger s side stepped out wearing a black suit with a maroon tie . he had and oily black hair off to the side . this is the residence correct ? he monotone . yes . is there a problem ? i keeping my trained on the . no sir . we were coming to inform you and apologize early for any . military training will be run extensively over the next few days maybe even depending on how the do . you can expect to hear lots of and maybe even some gunfire . the man . what s going on ? i . it s nothing . just training in advance . some are going to be soon . nothing you haven t already seen on or of the news . alright . thank you for that . i out a hand for a shake . he t take my hand . you re welcome . he turned and back into the van which to drive up the road to our . there were only two neighboring nearby us and both were a half a mile away . i back up to the front porch and took a seat next to . that was weird . she said . did you hear him ? yeah why t they just put it in the newspaper or something ? well they just need the town to know about the training not the entire state of . i m sure they don t want everybody to know are going to be in the near future . i said . the rest of the night went on the same red wine with a hunting and fishing and some stargazing with my sons . it was now and i no work . i went to the living room and on the news channel brewing a cup of coffee . from outside i men shouting . i set my mug down and out the back window . coming along the dirt road and headed towards the middle of nowhere there were at least fifteen and fifteen all speeding up the road . rode on the of each vehicle each carrying extra on their and holding . i caught one with a rocket launcher . come check this out . i for her to come over . she outside squinting . bit her lower lip then turned to me her black hair waving as she . you hear that ? she . i raised an eyebrow and . an appliance was making noise somewhere in the house . i went downstairs and checked the fire alarm to see if it new . down and me from behind . she up a piece of paper . it was mostly blue shadowy and splotchy in texture . there were a few isolated of bright red orange and yellow in the middle of the page . what is that ? said but it like one of those you d get with a thermal camera . i bit my lower lip and . where d you find it ? i . just came out of the machine . she with a frown . the last i d gotten was the year before when my boss to send me some in bulk . that s weird . i said . how do you think we got it ? someone probably accidentally it to us . maybe . we stood speechless for a moment . i think it was them . it s getting annoying . i want em out of our hair . they have training for a reason don t they ? i thought . my inner libertarian been . she . mine too . she . might as well start a second revolution at this point . added . the rest of the day . we went to sleep like any other night . two days went by without any incident at all . those two nights i and turned staring at the ceiling seeing of fiery colors appear in the darkness . my skin would start to crawl . i think it was them i d hear myself say again . the blackness would engulf me and i d fall asleep . both mornings i woke up and thought who a machine and a thermal camera for a training exercise ? a few days later i woke up to knocking on my door and the sound of flying overhead . it was the i d ever them . i threw the off me and to who was just waking up . the knocking again . what the hell ? she . i handle it don t worry . i . i got out of bed ruffled up my hair and to walk towards the front door . i unlocked it and it . the man that had come was standing there still wearing . it was that morning . the skies were gray . the van was behind him . my to the license plate which still read kna . what ? i . did you or your receive an accidental in the last few days ? the man . his voice t monotone . there was a quiet storm hidden in his . nope . haven t to any of them . i said back . my throat getting dry . we know the contents were by mistake to this neighborhood . if not then it was somewhere downtown . sir how do you accidentally send a to he me by the collar of my shirt and took off his . i him off of me and took a heavy breath feeling my ball into . look you can t spread this around but we re being by a foreign enemy and that a thermal scan of where they may be . it needs to be found . if there s any chance that you may have the you need to speak up as soon as possible . he ended his by clearing his throat . i at him for a moment a lump in my throat . my were pursed . his dark brown pierced into mine . all the speech inside me into ashes . ! i turned and . she came to the front door her jaw gaping . at the man and then at me . i whispered to her . i need you to go get the . they need it . she her head . the man put his back on . we never broke eye contact . i could hear going about in my office when she came back with the paper and handed it to the man . he his throat . then he . the man left without another word . and i at each other and then into the living room . neither ross nor peter were awake . the day only grew more dreary the fog got and rain to patter against the roof of the house . so we re being ? she . yeah . guess so . you d think they d hide the paranormal not an attack on our country . i thought . a foreign invasion t reach the middle of a country especially one this big without a single person realizing it . don t you think ? . could been a slow paced attack . something secretive . they might been sending in for a while then to gather their out here . where nobody or anything important . not impossible . i . the air felt . t feel right . none of this does . shook her head taking a long sip from her glass of water . way i see it about the government right . that night the were out and the skies were a bluish shade of black something like indigo . i sat at the kitchen table drinking up a margarita when i decided i d go sit outside . i out the glass door and saw s reflection behind me . come on let s go . i said . his tongue and we to walk towards the back door . i slid open the glass to trot out first before me . i out a chair and it at the end of the deck then took a seat . curled up by my . i felt the humid yet cool air of the night gust over me . i could see the big dipper from where i was . i out a hand and it . i the saliva off onto my pants then drank some more . as i i a distant roaring . i almost spat out what was left of my drink as at least flew overhead . i saw their tail for just a second . they flew the that i d ever seen them . foreign invasion here we come i thought . i took a longer nervous sip and . i an explosion . the earth the deck and the house rumbling . a cloud of fire off in the countryside . my heart to race . i stood thinking of my rifle . i coming up the road . i to see a line of ahead . most broke formation and to go off the path . i squinted and closer . the field ahead of them waved as the wind the shaking . my chest grew with every passing second . i squinted more . the grass t blowing with the breeze . a hundred bear sized across the coming towards my house . their yellow like . i the screeching of . foreign invasion here we come . the while asleep . for me it s a nightmare to wake up . since just a few nights ago i m up from a dead sleep regularly . i wake up and find myself coming to the that whatever woke me up was in a far corner of my room . i would feel my hair slowly rising as i stare into the pitch black afraid to move listening . the clock on my bed site table steadily the only sound breaking the oppressive silence of the night . the corner that my attention somehow than the rest as i stare into it . this is a nightly occurrence . it s always the same . i m too afraid to move when it . i sleep with my bedroom door open and i always have the urge to get up and close it but i feel that if i move whatever is in the corner will know . last night it was made much worse by the simple fact that i decided to close my door before bed and while i sat up in the middle of the night i it creak slightly as it does when it past halfway . sitting there with my mouth open in silent horror i blankly into the darkness to the bone by that simple sound seemingly so loud in the dead of night . i and almost went into cardiac arrest when i a loud start down the hall . i was so by this that my adrenaline . i flew down the hall to my son room . i rushed into the room and on his light to find him inside his wardrobe . looking around the room i saw nothing . i fully to find an intruder . i found nothing but my mind was racing . had someone been there ? had it been whoever was in my room every night the out of me ? i was ready to destroy whoever it was but there was no one there . ? what ? i my son him out of the wardrobe and into my arms protectively . he had crying and was blubbering incoherently . he was beyond of something . it took some time to calm him down and he spoke in a hollow voice with fear . i woke up and i was standing in front of the mirror he said . you were ? why ? i don t know . i just woke up there what made you scream ? it was all dark but i could see myself in the mirror . well i thought it was myself but it t dad . it t me he said . his sent a chill down my spine as strange and unbelievable as they were . i guess my were frayed enough from my own of the night that i was more to believe him . but logic . it t you ? then who was it ? was someone behind you ? no . there was no one behind me . it was where i was supposed to be standing . in my place there was something else s something else ? i . i t understand why i was so afraid but i was . he had said it just that why . not someone . a thing . i to get him to go back to sleep after giving him his medicine and i tried to go back to sleep as well . it was no easy task . the next night i was up in the darkness again to the slow of my bedroom door opening . i could hear the " " sound of the on downstairs lost its signal . the clock ticked ominously next to me as if counting down something . i immediately into the dark corner rising on my arms . my heartbeat rapidly when i i could hear ragged breathing coming from the corner . half with fear i to grab my phone on the table next to me and turned on the torch illuminating the corner . the light was just enough to see and what i saw there left an image burned into my mind like a cursed scorch mark . a permanent one . the first thing i saw was the stark white of a pair of rolled up completely . then a trembling body with to its sides the warped and bent in strange . the were turning sharply and painfully as the mouth open . i with my son . when i was a senior in college in i bought a mark . at the time it was the only car that i could afford . the car was an eight cylinder and it was rear wheel drive so it was horrible on gas and even worse on the the snow and ice . i drove the car on a regular basis from my of to state university which was a well over mile round trip . the car was made up of nothing more than strong steel to include the which made it a virtual tank . as a typical year old i drank as many as my stomach could handle . i going to a party in in the fall of then like a fool i drove to state . i had met my at at state as a freshman and during this trip she came home with me to . was a lightweight and had out in the car after only three of vodka a little in the day . so i stupidly left around on a night . once i got on route all that was necessary was to stay within the yellow . the whole ride was just a blur . i would drift off to the shoulder of the road and then steer the car back . i getting off of the state exit then driving into the college town . i had almost fallen asleep by the time i made it to the exit . i gripping the steering wheel firmly with two then almost leaning my entire forehead on the steering wheel . as my head slowly hit the steering wheel out of nowhere i felt a bang then a thump . those had fully me . woke up for a moment and in a groggy tone said what was that ? i really had no idea what i hit . i said oh it was just a dead deer that i ran over . said oh then she fell back to sleep . our apartment was another three away . i in the back alley way and then i at the front of the car . i only saw a little dent on the front bumper but nothing more than that . and i went to bed . i stayed up thinking that i knew i t hit a deer . i woke up the next morning . the feeling that i might of hit a person the day before so i bought a copy of the local newspaper . i saw one of the was that a year old wheel chair bound girl was struck and in a hit and run accident in the area where i the thump . had not seen the newspaper article . like most college she could care less about local in the college town . i the three to the scene of the hit and run accident from the night before . i it off as just a student walking by to the library . as i past the scene of the crime i could see two local where one of them was pointing in the direction the car drove before it hit the girl . it was late at night when i was driving and this part of town is typically empty so in all likelihood nobody had seen what . i actually went into the library and took the first magazine i saw and out for about an hour . i woke up and back to my apartment . i took another look at the car and i saw a piece of paper under the windshield wiper . i thought to myself is this a parking ticket ? as i got closer to the car i out an x piece of paper and it was a crucifix that someone had hand drawn with a black pen . i stood there for a few rubbing my left hand through my hair . i thought today is and there were always fanatical religious people around this part of the state trying to get to stop their evil ways . i t want to think that someone saw my car last night so i just up the piece of paper and away . i purposely t move the car for the next two . i told the car t running right and it to be fixed . both and i graduated at the end of the semester with bachelor in psychology . nobody had ever me about the hit and run accident and i m fairly certain that thought i had just run over a deer . how we were getting back to and i told her the car miraculously fixed itself which she kind of just her and said . was from a small town outside of . sometimes i think i really corrupted her with all the that i had her to . were slim when i graduated so i was fortunate to land a job at the state psychiatric hospital which was right outside of . the state hospital was a dumping ground for all of heinous an insane person could commit . we eventually got a second car and was willing to continue driving the . was nostalgic towards the because the car her of us . to me the car me of the life i took and the constant of that young student . if we had the money i would have gotten rid of the a long time ago . i was hired to work the to am shift . most of the would be asleep when i first the shift besides this one older male patient . who would walk the all night long . had it that he was the spiritual advisor for the tyrannical leader pol pot . i m not a religious person but in this rare occasion i knew there was something unworldly about him . he kind of immortal . he was brought to the state hospital because he had completely skinned another immigrant alive in s broad street subway station late one night . he never said a word to anyone about his past or what his role was in . some say he purposely coy so he t be to to face his potential former . about a month into working the job . me for tea at am in the morning . he had never me or said a word to me prior to this request . the more seasoned t allow anything beyond water to be given to the after snack time at . . knew this and he was testing me . i knew if the other saw me giving him tea they would have me fired because i was still on probation . i said i m sorry i can t get you tea . they fire me if i did that . he t even blink when i told him that he just continued to stare at me . he directly into my like he was communicating with my soul . in a heavily tone he said when i was a boy my family was so poor that when my father s bicycle was stolen we knew his main way of working was gone and we would starve to death if he t deliver his . my father did lose his job and i ended up in an . when i turned i my father s funeral and the man who stole my father s bicycle rode it to the funeral . then . stopped talking so i him what to the man ? he said that man thought his bad deed when my father . time t heal anything . the wounds just fester like a bacterial growth until the germ someone else . he never said another word to me and just away and none of the other what he said . and i got married at city hall in and i eventually on from the state hospital . we decided to go to atlantic city for our honeymoon . we were going to take my car which we put our suitcase in . then something horrible to . i reluctantly got into the to move it out of the way of my car . after moving the car just a few i that same thump i prior . i the door and quickly ran out of the car and saw on the ground bleeding from both of her . she was semi unconscious so i rushed into the house to call . when fully conscious a week later all she was bending down to tie her . i said to myself i just t see her . after three of intense physical therapy it was determined that she would never have use of her again . the same day was going to be an unknown man in his s stopped me in the hallway of the rehabilitation hospital right outside of s room . the man had a besides him . he said i want you to have this and handed me the . i a state sticker on the back of the wheel chair . i knew the hospital would give her a better so i really t want to take his . i said thank you for the offer but the hospital had made for to get a . he said i understand . i was just that you would take the . it took me finding the to fix it . after reading the newspaper article and seeing the picture of the car that ran over who is a state graduate i knew i had to work fast to get my daughter s working again . he then put his hand on my shoulder and said hopefully this will be the last victim of the . the corruption had spread past his all the way up to his navel by the time i to pull him up from the muck . the skin that t fallen off was gangrenous and peeling . where rot and decay were absent inflammation and unmitigable bleeding were present . it like every possible manner of dermal affliction the and the waist and the groin . my friend had long to writhe in agony in his mind he d already lost those accursed of his body . slowly laboriously i him away from the mire where we had found the sky fallen artifact in the day . before the had been clear filled with life but with the arrival of that vile and polluting idol the pond had into a swampish cesspool . all life therein had been extinguished eaten away by alien or corrosive until naught but the porous and partially of fish . eventually we the field about three from the corrupted pond . by then my friend had again lost consciousness and his lower half had mostly fallen away . a gruesome trail of organic matter extended towards the bog we d just . a few away a half foot in the grass where a swarm of had already begun their grisly work . of flesh exposed and bone and dissolving sinew were all that below his stomach . somehow through some twist of human resilience he continued to hold on continued to succumb to the torturous corruption and elude the mercy of death . there was no living soul around for . we had in a nearby cabin by his late grandfather and had on fishing in the pond in the nearby and exploring the woodland which the entire region . despite his grandfather and the remote cabin my friend t much of an outdoorsman himself but he t think of a better way for us to hangout by ourselves something we t had the opportunity to do for a while since the birth of his daughter . looking down at him horrifically reduced to half a man i felt my heart tighten . i knew that this trip this nightmarishly trip would conclude with me to tell his wife and daughter that he had . and worse i would have to come up with a believable reason for the truth was too terrible too appalling to tell those kind hearted spiritually innocent people . a rock sat on the ground nearby . i decided that given the it would be better for my friend to die now oblivious to the death stroke than awake and feel the ravenous corruption eat away at him inch by inch . i picked up the rock knelt over my friend and raised it above my head . suddenly his open and i for in them i saw not the withering life of a man of a friend but the inhuman gaze of someone no something else a gaze almost bestial in its unrestrained hunger and yet i sensed an intelligence beyond any beast beyond man deep within it . the face of my friend behind which a consciousness not his own and said go on do it . bring the rock down upon the skull and fully end the life that to existence within . once it is done i will take control i will fully emerge whole corporeal and will put this body to unintended and unprecedented . i away from the body terror in my chest . the voice had spoken with a callousness and sepulchral intonation that its speaker from far off or lightless subterranean rather than a small town in montana . the rock had in my grasp and instinct me to use it to batter and collapse the skull of this diabolic speaker as my friend . but i had sensed no deception in its i totally that its dark prophecy would come true if i were to end the life of the body s original natural inhabitant . the speaker perhaps my unease and indecision in black hearted mockery . i felt anger swell in my chest against the already present terror a chaos of and . my human spirit was torn half of it to violently silence the mockery the other half to flee and leave it there to fester in the grass forever until that wicked soul within faded to oblivion its possession unfulfilled . leave me here and i only sink into the land . i will imbue my anima within every insect every rodent every creature tirelessly climbing the hierarchal ladder of the animal kingdom until perhaps as a wolf or coyote i may range away from this unpeople land and snap my on the limb of some unsuspecting human . and then been only slightly i will begin my conquest of this planet . and even then my ascent will not stop . unbeknownst to your pitiful species which ignorantly itself on its sovereignty above all there higher of being on this very planet . and sapient of nature that watch from of virgin darkness or listen through untapped or perceive through other incomprehensible . . . i will become one with these as easily as i have become one with your pitiful friend . i will become a supreme being and your will fall before me as so many throughout this mundane universe have . the speaker ended its tyrannical proclamation with a laugh that pierced my very soul and all hope to be burned from my heart just as the flesh of my friend had been eaten away by the caustic swamp gunk . this doom which the speaker had towards my people towards my planet shook me to my core . the utter horror of it the bleakness of total annihilation the anger which had blossomed in indignance and defiance . i fell to my and the rock rolled from my . the sun itself to be dimmed by some imperceptible atmospheric obstruction as if a gloom had on some visibly undetectable . the sky was cloudless the sun immediately overhead yet a chill settled upon my skin and i drew my arms around myself . the grass around me curled inward the few which dotted the field and . nature itself away from this being who was inimical to all of terrene life . just when i thought there was no hope left whatsoever and that it would be better to lie upon the withering grass than choose either doom promising course of action something was revealed to me . a ray of light powerful celestial pierced the sun subduing gloom and shone itself on an object in my friend s pocket . the object reflected the light twinkling dimly despite the oppressive acting upon the atmosphere . it was my friend s lighter . he always carried it within him despite given up smoking with the birth of his daughter . he told me that it was a memento of a reminder to never forget the danger of one s . the top of the sliver casing stuck out just over the edge of his shirt pocket . as if it had its task the ray of light faded . it had come and gone undetected by the body incubi . a plan then came into formation in my mind although i cannot say with certainty that it was entirely of my conception . its inspiration was that lighter revealed to me seemingly by providence . without offering a word of warning or explanation i went over to the body knelt over it and put my hand on its throat . the daemonic presence the air from the was foul and of death and charnel occupation . go on ! hasten my supplantation ! i will end your species mercilessly and eradicate your memory from the of all lesser . no one will lament your passing ! no will be sung ! you will be swept away into oblivion ! you eternally will i put my other hand around the neck once i had the lighter from the front pocket . despite the hollow laughter that from the foul smelling mouth swelled and fell from the . beside the supreme malevolence in them i saw pain and even forgiveness . somewhere returned to consciousness but barred from full expression my friend up to me . me his murderer the life from his neck . when the deed was done i rose from the body and the arms . even as the color to fade from the flesh another sign of vitality to gather and spread a pigmentation that bespoke of some evil and inhuman strain of life . quickly i dragged what of my friend back to the corrupted pond . the water s surface was visually impenetrable a bubbling sheet of blackness rimmed by drooping and vegetation . without hesitation i rolled the body into the sinister pool and watched with disgust as it was by the black becoming first a mass of organic matter and then settling into an algae like layer upon the surface . and still despite the utter destruction of the physical form i felt the presence of an intelligence among all that filth . . . trusting my intuition still unsure as to its source i removed the lighter from my pocket . i then stepped several back it open and it into the pool . the result was catastrophic . upon touching the water s surface the spread instantly pervasively shooting across as if the pollution itself was some undiscovered accelerant . in only a few the entire pond had become a sweltering pool of fire a liquid born conflagration that skyward as if the core of the earth had sent forth some molten column . and shortly after the blaze had arisen an inhuman scream arose as if the pond itself were sentient and amidst the . the cry sent scattering to the skies in all and the nearby reeled back straining against their own to distance themselves from the hellish tumult . a few later a deep and scorched depression in the earth was all that of the pond . no of life terrestrial or otherwise were visible . all was ash . tired heat blasted with every last nerve by terror i back to the cabin while my brain worked to compose a more plausible explanation for my friend s disappearance . damn i said the onset of last year s winter and the one before that and the one before that one . it be cold soon . really cold . that s an ugly and a bitter wind to be sure . i against a wooden fence at one edge of the and where the wind had up somewhere past the northern horizon . it came straight at me biting and bitter . out of sight in the along the milk river the same wind in the naked of the cottonwood as it brutal and steady bending the grass past the gravel beyond the train . a fearful shiver ran up my spine as the wind on across the broken prairie . back at me one bare hand on the stiff knob of the machine shed door . the wind shook the wooden building . what s that ? he pushing the door open his face bent into a rude sneer . i said it s an ugly wind . this kind of wind can drive a person mad i said . a goober onto the gravel in front of the shed . a string of spittle caught in the wind stuck in his beard . apparently he t me . anyway he t reply . i said and i mean it . this is an ugly wind and it s another reason why a young such as yourself should wear . you got . go ahead and wear them . made no reply . inside the shed it to me that the wind and crouched in the darkness restless and moving . the and again . the quivered as if the wind to yank them free from the shed and throw off across the sky . i don t know what s ugly about it . it s cold if that s what you mean said stuffing his deep into his jean . why t he wear i thought . then the young man out at me with a sharp resentful tone why are you always trying to school me ? what the hell do you know ? i m just telling you . you want to be careful of a wind like this i said . knelt and a bunch of bent and worn railroad into a wooden box . as he worked i told him about a woman who went crazy from the wind and her husband and with a hatchet and then herself from the in the barn . i told him how just a few ago a row of empty rail were blown off the by a wind like this . it was before the main line i said . what s that about the main line ? he as he stood up the loaded box in his arms . i at him . what ? it s like i said . the wind the entire train right off the track . not possible the young man with an ugly scoff on his face . what ? i said again as the wind shook and the shack . if it it s possible . believe me . i said you re full of it said staring at me in the gloom . wind can t blow over a train . how stupid do you think i am ? i my irritation and spit onto the wooden floor and then tried to explain that the wind out here on the high t like anywhere else . as i picked up a broken spindle and whetstone and interrupted me but in a different tone are you sure it s for me to take this ? i can make a new spindle and it be good as new . of course i . take it if you can use it . it won t be . arms full stepped toward the door and into the wind which to grab him and shove him forward . when i stepped out into the wind it s power me and i for one knew how bad it could be . i the door and thought about saying something but i figured he t listen even if my voice t be blown away . ahead as the wind me by the nape of the neck . i almost him to be careful . i almost told him to hug his . instead i caught him mutter something about an old bachelor . " i said but he t answer not out loud anyway . he the wooden box of rail with the whetstone on top . see you i said . he t reply . i stood in the wind for a moment and watched him walk away from the and toward home toward mina mae and their two little . he still t wearing his . i could see that clear as day . then he the box and landing full on the ground . i watched him get up and look over his shoulder at me watching him . i t hear what he said but i could see him cuss . then he loaded the box and kept walking . it took me to warm up after i got back to my little place alongside the . i built a fire and ate a cold meal . the wind all night . at times it felt like my lonesome little shack was a ship at sea on in a storm . how i wished i had a wife and . how old would the little be ? the wind my telling me of a life that could have been . it made me remember the first home i d had out here on the all those ago . i could have sworn back then that the little place somehow was hotter inside on the dry days in the summer and in the winter colder inside than the cold nights outside . oh how i had that little hovel with its big enough to kick a dog through . for a brief moment i myself to remember my own wife and that first year . oh how cold it was . i stuffing into the in the in a desperate attempt to keep the wind out . i shook my head to rid myself of the . oh god i said aloud . the wind was so loud i could hardly hear my own voice . and then i vividly how i too had had a whetstone and spindle all those ago and how i had my little hatchet to a razor edge as the wind and rattled . later that dark night in my little bed crept into the cold room with the of wind . the took shape . there were two little bloody and confused stumbling the way do trying to figure out why they re dead . there was a ghoulish woman with a look on her face like she had always known what i would do even as i t known or even suspected it of myself . when i awoke i busied myself to clear my head . in the late morning snow to fly . i spent the day near my hot pot bellied stove staring at the wood ax and the sharp little hatchet near the kindling box . all day long the snow and fell with the unyielding wind which never even for a moment . the endless sound into my skull until i my and ground my teeth . sometimes the wind like a creature just outside the of cardboard i had over my . i was desperate to keep the wind and cold outside and away from me . i could only dimly remember the of the darkness before . was it real ? on morning long before daybreak the came again into my . this time one of the little at my throat and caught me . i around the black cabin away from them until they me out of the house and into the freezing biting wind . i wore only my wool drawers and boots . within i found myself at the door of the dugout that used as a barn where his two underfed milk and warmly kept warm by the dirt and solid floor . the dream was so real that i to break the ice off the water trough and drag it near the dugout door . the straw in the dugout smelled sweet with the comfortable scent of old cattle . in the gray morning i woke in s dugout barn . for a moment i t sure if the dream had been real or if my waking state was just a flawless facsimile a continuation of that strange nightmare from before . the straw felt real . the cattle of true life . through a long split in the door frame i saw struggle against the wind in the dim and snowy daylight as he tried to replace some missing of his old corral . he must have the long from the pile near the train a mile away carried them back to the yard . why would he work in this wind i ? as for myself i still t sure if i were awake or . i my face against the split in the door and watched as turned his face into the wind his nose dripping . i saw him cuss . i saw the wind shove him . already it that the daylight was toward night . then i saw it and icy sweat sprang out on my face and neck . it was the wind . i caught a glimpse off beyond the corral of what like a skinny man in a long coat running angling toward in the yard . i a cry which came out as a whimper . i again but saw nothing but the darkening barely visible through the blowing wind and snow . where had he gone ? i saw at the door of his horrid little hutch . the door and he went in . for a moment the light inside warm and comfortable . then he was inside and i had a strange feeling that the bitter wind had gone in too . i kept one eye on the house a pitch black lump below a gray black sky all of it and everything and battered by this hellish wind . would i wake again in my own little cabin ? would this nightmare end ? my eye strained to see through the gloom . i knew the wind was there somewhere stalking and his young family . why had he worked outside ? why had he it in ? a moment later i the door of the dugout . both milk at the sudden gust of wind . why t come out to milk the ? that s when i knew this must be a dream a vivid nightmare of old and suppressed . whose barn was i in ? in my dream i crept across the dark yard . i knew who would come out of the shack s flimsy door . he it and stepped through into the darkness . when he turned to fasten the door i like lightning and buried the blade of the hatchet into his spine just below his hairline at the base of his neck . a moment later i was inside . a long arm out and a bloody hatchet into the woman s face . a child said daddy ? stop calling me that ! i my voice demand . and then in the dream i had had in i was outside again in the stiff and stinging wind down my face . i threw the hatchet down or put it into a stump or something and a sob leapt from my throat as i crossed the dark yard . somehow i knew that the wind had open the door of the little wood stove spewing across the floor . fed by the wind the . soon i knew the fire would engulf the little tinder shack and it would blaze like a candle . at the end of a long rise i a look over my shoulder . from there the little house comfortable warm and serene . it s door stood open to reveal a peaceful glow . back in my own little shed my pot bellied stove stood cold as ice . i lit a fire and to the roaring wind . the room spun . it t make any sense . when would this dream end ? i laid again on my little bed my blood pounding in my . that night in my dream i saw the face of my wife from all those ago lying broken on a little table in a room silent but for the drip drip drip of water . it t water at all . it was blood . i forced myself to look into the woman s face . she wore a strange and ghastly grin . i saw the hatchet on the floor beside her . blood from some deep wound on her head or neck on the table and to the floor . her baby lay curled in her mother s arms also motionless soaked in gore . on morning i awoke but feeling my age . what a terrible dream ! after a breakfast of cold bread and leftover meat from the pan i along the toward the . along the way i saw the lumber pile where had the wood for his corral . soon i the hill where and his family lived . the morning sunlight was thin and weak but it still warmed my back as i . i the bawl of a milk cow . as i rounded the hill i stopped cold . instead of the little shack i saw only its remains . i out but got no answer . a frozen bundle of clothing in front of the of the shack t clothing at all . it was . the wind had snow to his dead body . the head of a hatchet had been sunk deep into the top of his head . there it stood the steel blade stuck like iron . hardly a whisper of wind the air . something like a strange little grin crossed my face . my eye like a wink . i shook my head shedding myself of something that felt like a memory . it ' t be i thought . this wind could bring some frightening . a bitter wind i said to no one at all . for a long time i stood in the yard over ' s remains my heart hurting for this young family . i ' t have it in me to milk those sorry . after listening to them cry i on toward the rail yard to report the tragedy . i had tried to warn him i thought to myself but he t listen . i had of this kind of thing happening before . it was a terribly bitter wind . my name is jay . not that you would know if i was telling the truth or not but you can call me jay . i work as a chef for rich people . essentially they pick out the they want and i go shopping prepare the freeze them and deliver them to their . that s my main gig . pretty well and i don t even have to find my own . it s all word of mouth . they recommend me to their and i get new until i m at capacity . the point when i turn away new is lower than it could be because i have a side gig . a side gig that i see as beneficial to society so even though it less than taking on more i make time for both . it s a type of community service . i m really only working as a chef days a week . i can shop prep cook freeze and deliver for enough to get by every month in the span of days . the rest of the time i m either for my side gig or taking time off . alright enough suspense and drum rolling . i tell you what my side gig is . though you should already know from the title . i warn people that they are hit . most of those for hire are . everyone that . but i don t have to spend the time out which are real and which are fraud . someone else my employer does that for me . whenever they have someone who is in need of saving they get a signal to me through a previously decided code and method which i m not to reveal publicly . from that i can deduce who they are and where they live . the rest is up to me . it s funny when this first i thought none of the were real . i thought they were paying me to go and scare some into believing they were being by a for hire . i t sure of the motive but that s what i first thought . that was until i literally ran into the on his way to the target s house . but that s a story for another time . that s not the tale i came here to tell . so down to the real meat and here . i got a message with the name and address of a target . i was for a message after my last batch of for the week . my employer impeccable timing . the target lived a couple away across state . i down the address in a in a language that like a grocery list . the code is in case i ever get stopped by the . i don t want them finding an address of a murder victim on me if i can t save the target . i my go bag full of road trip and headed out . during pit to gas up i tried looking them up on or or anywhere else . this guy was married with little and a wife who let s be honest was past her prime . yeah i know i m a prick . he was on the chubby side and it like he worked in construction from his . he had lots of from the community and lots of social of him at with a bunch of . very social . here s the thing about they never scream i m neck deep in the underworld and someone is mad enough to get me . they always always look normal . i can t look at a target and know what it is they did . hell even after i warn them i don t find out most of the time . sometimes a target s name will show up with an arrest record for dealing or other criminal which is why i keep on in the future . but sometimes my curiosity just t . but because i don t throw a fit ask or miss my my employer me . i m a professional . or i thought i was until this target . it took me a few but once i on the street i shot my employer a brief message to update them . it was dusk by then which was fine by me . out in my car in the dark was preferable to the middle of the day when people would be looking outside . as is my usual procedure i several away to observe in front of an empty lot . the house was a two story building in a nice neighborhood with a in rose in the front and green lawn . the typical s dream . construction must pay well . you can guess that my job is delicate . delicate to the point that it to be discreet and secretive . i can t just go knock on the front door tell them their life is in danger and then walk away . believe me i tried that once . and only once . i have to do some recon decide the best way to not only inform the target but convince them that they are a target . it s the most essential part of the gig . like i said i m a professional and i have to make them believe that . from my go bag i produced a small tube with a wire out of it . i set that on the dashboard and pointed it at the target s home . the other end of the wire was a and i stuck that into a . the tube a signal amplifier which basically me turn their weak signal into one i can use from a distance . it s the first thing i try because if i can get into their i can learn a lot about them before i engage . i a couple on my that were written to brute force their way into common . most t savvy enough to change their router s default and those that are often don t check the more advanced like weak signal encryption . their password was their last name with added at the end . once i was into the network another program checked the router for default login . they never that password so i was in control of their router in a measly . it t a record for the of i done but it was still fast . i was relieved that i could get control of the network . that the recon a thousand times easier . with yet another program these are all free and widely available by the way . i m not paying anyone for this i put my computer between all the other on the network and the router . every device would now send all to my since they thought my was the router . my would then trick the into thinking i was the they were trying to connect to . since they thought i was that they would hand me the to what they were sending . i would then read the contents and forward their request to the real server and just show them the . in essence i was in the of their digital post office opening to read the contents and then before sending it off to its destination . encryption is no match for a man in the middle attack . it was really delicate to set this up the first time but once i had it running it was easy to deploy again for new like this one . a van and a truck were in the driveway everyone was home for the night . the traffic was heavy because they were all home and the . they would notice the slowdown at some point and potentially restart their router booting me out of the network . i was vulnerable just sitting outside their house so i had to hope i could collect what i before someone what i was doing . for almost i collected their traffic . it was well past sunset dark outside and late in the evening when i saw a police car casually cruise by . i froze when they . my screen was on they would have seen the light in my car . i was in front of an empty lot and far enough from the target house to not be i thought . but maybe another neighbor had said something . i t want to risk being and over by leaving just as the cop goes by . instead from my glove box i out a and the of my cover . luckily the police car rounded a corner and from view . on my screen a device in the house went to a domain i had set to alert me on . it was a site and one of the to boot . i have it set up to alert me of seedy that get . sitting up i attention to the traffic going through that site and something interesting . the device t watching anything . instead they had in and doing something else . . i was looking at the screen site open trying to make sure i was what was getting . i was so that i t see the officer approach my car door . i visibly when the police officer on my window . i hit a on reflex that what was on my screen but i knew he d seen what i had up . he would have seen the site . he had probably been sitting there for a few just what i was doing . i was caught . and it t look good . i rolled my window down partially . hello officer i keeping my voice steady despite my beating heart . . out here ? the officer turning on a flashlight and pointing it into the car . he eyed my setup with interest . i m logging cloud data i . gloomy night and all . cloud data ? he confused . oh yes ! i m a contractor with the national weather service . out with an infrared cloud density to measure local cloud composition i my way through a pseudo technical explanation pointing to the signal amplifier on my dashboard . i my work badge with a phony company i had built specially for a cover like this . my shirt had a with the same cover on it . the officer and when i stopped explaining he considered it all . then why were you watching when i up ? he grilled . my embarrassed expression t fake but it sell the story . i painted myself as an employee stuck out long with nothing to do but watch weather data roll in . what else was an employee supposed to do to pass the time ? it was a gamble . he could try arresting me on public indecency or something and then he d find my real wallet in my pocket . my name would be in a police somewhere which was really not ideal . listen i know you re working here but pick a different street that t residential to take your . and don t watch that in public the officer . again my embarrassment t an act . with that he let me go . relief across my face . i d my way out which had been a gamble . i did notice watching the officer get back in his car through my mirror that he to glance at the target s house on his way back to his car . interesting . the police were watching the house . but why ? did they know the of he was into that had brought me here ? maybe my job t necessary and the police would nab him before a had the chance . if he was doing criminal and the police had caught onto it i could see how he could make an enemy that him dead before he could squeal on them . but if the police t going to raid tonight the might still have time . whether or not they decided to risk it with police the house was up to them . i up my stuff disconnected from their network and drove away . across town in a parking lot i settled in . in my browser i tuned into the local police radio . yeah they just broadcast that . i to hear if a raid was starting so i could stay informed on my target . with that running in the background i sifted through the traffic i had collected . the guy had logged into his account and with my man in the middle attack i had his . i checked there first . it always gave good background information . it was in his that i found a conversation with that exact officer . his wife was trying to take the he . he said she might try to run in the middle of the night and the officer to patrol his neighborhood and give a strong police presence to scare her into and not the . what the . this guy was a regular abuser . it was apparent . but the officer had been a buddy in high school and they regularly got with several other of the community police . so they covered each other s . even if the officer t know everything he had to know there was abuse right ? it was obvious to me . after his i went back to the site he d . my man in the middle attack had picked up those too so i could log in as this guy and investigate . with a virtual machine running tor i logged into the site with the . since he had been i went to his account and checked his . my stomach caught in my throat . well over seventy . the ranged across several mainly rape . rape and . the were marked as private and i now understand that this site was doing something under the table with those selling them off to even that could afford to be shut down by police while the main site above board . from a single thumbnail i knew . his wife . and one of his . he was it and selling it . my mouth soured . it obvious to me that i t going to in good conscience give this guy a up about the . not a chance . while considering my i kept the data . his wife had been the as well . as it turned out she was a little technically savvy . i know that because she running tor while i to the officer . she used it for a simple small message on a board that me with a lot of my . it was an address . sent to another member on the board . the entire puzzle into place . and i found myself for the bad guy . she d be caught of course . i could see a few where the police would find out it was her and arrest her . but there t anything i could do . i could warn her of her but then she would be back to square one . it was a type of trolley problem . do you pull the lever to continue the abuse of this woman and her ? or do you leave the lever alone and let her ruin her own life by getting and sending off to while the piece of target what s coming to him ? in the end i left the lever alone . and from the news i was right . he . she was . his side income was discovered . the went into the system . they were safe from him at least . that s the only comfort i can give myself . it was an impossible situation is what i tell myself . but now that it s past i see the i could and should have done . i could have brought down the on this little house . but in the thick of it all i t see that option . it just felt impossible . i still lose sleep over the decision but it s made . i assumed that my employer t know why this guy was being targeted just that he was a target . i was hired to blindly stop any and all from hired . there s no way they could know the of every transaction right ? right ? she took the anxiety and laid down shaking a bit . she and turned and was up again in two . to the liquor cabinet . relief flooded over her the mere thought of the alcohol her . she picked up the bottle of vodka half empty already and took a long drink . the bitter taste t faze her . she paced around and for it to kick in . no back to the cabinet . another shot or two . something maybe whiskey she t really care . oh but now she felt it . the anxiety first and she went to lay down again . this time she the cover over her head and breathed in the warm air of her own breath . the soothing downer . now the alcohol took hold warm and fuzzy . she closed her and tried to remember him . even to call to him . she felt as though she was sinking into the couch . no far below the couch below the floor the earth almost to hell itself . had told her it was sleep paralysis and nothing more . that s how she got the prescription for the anxiety in the first place . waking up each night in a panic unable to move and convinced someone was there . her days were and she the thought of going to sleep . it was more than sleep paralysis of that much she was sure . this was real . she closed her now and let her body feel light not sleeping but calling out to him . it came over her in of gray and brown . he was getting as of late . he d starting coming to her at odd times she t have to be for it to happen . he was always dark . something not quite material but not illusory either . she t remember . who she was really at her core ? what she out of life . who her were ? but it t matter the and he . when family on her she made put them off . they were afraid for her . schizophrenia ? they . no but depression surely ? she t care . who were they anyway ? he told her but not with . she t trust anyone . only him . she d do whatever it took to embrace him completely . the more she let herself go the he grew . he was there . she could feel him . sense his colors felt the tingling in her own body . he was the only thing she could really recall . the one she knew and understood . the all consuming one . and the alcohol was causing her skin to pulse . he was becoming her . growing as she grew weak and addicted . he this . more liquor for her and less resolve . let go . unleash . give in . unchain . for him she had to do it for him . and all the while she thought there had to be some meaning . but there was no meaning . it was downright parasitic . the less she was the more he was . i him every word you can think of . the f word the n word the c word the z word don t ask . it got to the point where nobody to be with him for fear of association . it made him a social outcast and i the king of th grade . he was a smart gifted even and that only made it easier for me . if i remember right he a grade or two because of how fast he could process information . he was a genius but for all that intellect he could never figure out to act like a normal . he d melt on the playground at recess hiss at people when they tried to touch him make up weird about how he d go monster hunting on like a hero . back when you re you made stupid and do stupid mostly because you don t understand that all of you have the rest of your left . you don t understand that your even if they are weird or annoying are also individual people and deserve to be as such . the regret t kick in for me until senior year of high school . i had that the was from a psych ward after some mental breakdown and felt that i might be partially to blame . rumor had it he was on serious but was taking classes from home . he had taken a turn when he got to high school and the class size . instead of branching out and meeting new people he even more secluded surrounded by people he felt would never understand him . i t see him much in those four but felt that my constant teasing and had convinced him he d always be different . i to call him and apologize for being such an i to send him a hand written letter explaining that i was a stupid i to get coffee with him and tell me that i should have been better . that s the thing about when you know you re wrong it s painful . i turned out to be a burnout in the end . my college slipped as my blood alcohol rose and soon enough i got a letter of expulsion . i was grateful to get a fast food job after a few of drifting even though i was . being old and a for a boss is a sickening feeling something i t wish on anyone . the job was easy enough though . to the point where i d start sneaking my flask during bathroom or a quick beer in my car while on break . i m not of it but you can only get the manager for so many before you mentally slip a little . cleaning up outside the toilet seriously ? how and why do people do that ? making trash food in a deep fryer while covered in sweat and people complain if you miss a small detail in their meal will whittle away at anyone . i d love to see work a minimum wage job like that they d break down in and vote to raise wages all around i bet . that night the accident was my fault . my flask had been after a hard day and i t stop at the red light . nobody but i put myself and a family in the hospital . the two were admitted to the the mother but stood vigil over his sons . the father was in a coma they were unsure how badly his brain was or if he d wake up . i emergency surgery . i know that because the anesthesia t take . i was wide awake wired even . i to glance over at the surgeon to get his attention somehow hopeful as he met my with a warm smile . isopropyl and hand filled the surgical room two nervous were present following the surgeon like little deer . i to groan that i was being used as an example but what anesthesia was working me from making any noise . he rattled off the exact he d be doing to me promising the i was out cold even though my were open . he said it was a thing some trauma did as their went into overdrive to keep them alive . something about the brain trying to catch up with what s happening to the body . the must been cheating in their classes because they accepted this explanation with no at all . he told them not to be nervous as he had overcome lots of personal to get to his position and the would most likely do the same . i t move when it why his voice so familiar but i to squirm and shake anything to get their attention so they d postpone the surgery . i felt the knife slice my chest open felt the pull of skin across my felt the pressure of my punctured lung deflate felt the crack as my broken sternum was felt the setting of broken . i felt all of it every little slice or scratch or tear . i even felt his hot breath in my ear when the t looking . remember me ? he laughing under his breath . turns out there are far more painful than just . well as you may know by now for most of the pandemic forced and all over the globe to replace their physical by . this story did not happen now instead it in early august . i t want to share it with before but i think that maybe if i do will tell me of similar and help me deal with what s . it was an . it was am only three before the time when my philosophy class usually . from one class to another we used to have thirty of spare time which i usually used to stretch my go to the bathroom eat something and watch some or . i had just left the toilet and the class when it . the small square where my philosophy teacher usually was all shaky and filled with static . like it had somehow . it only took a few before it stopped so i it off as some kind of bug . a few later and . most of the of my class were also present around two of the because some were still asleep or just class . the class and the lesson was about on the soul and his with . around some fifteen into the class it first . we saw someone or something moving very fast behind the teacher . first i it off as my imagination but then it again . the thing a little bit this time and i could tell it t my imagination . have you seen it ? someone in our only group . i was wondering if it was only me other of my . maybe we should warn him that someone is moving behind him and it s interrupting our focus other one said . it could be an animal or one of his running around i said . i t entirely believe that was the case but it was the s razor alternative . we then had a few more of class without . and then someone the reunion . lord ? this one is new to me . . welcome lord . care to share with us who you really are ? he for around fifteen but there was not an answer . well i guess we will have to call you by your alias . . any doubt you have make sure to reach me . the class then continued . the teacher calm but there was something me . i could feel there was something very wrong going on . after more ten microphone was turned on . his volume was low but we could hear it . it was a baby crying . t notice it but i and some of the did . the discussion almost instantly on and then one of my snapped . please ban this lord whatever . i m trying to pay attention on the class but they re creeping me out he said on the microphone . eh . . . i thought the baby was coming from the neighbor . listen lord i know this may be funny to you but please respect your otherwise i have to kick you . the teacher said . lord then his camera . i t see anyone but it like he was transmuting from an large abandoned place . it like an hospital or an asylum . we could see large grey rotten old completely and cracked . what is going on ? one of my . he . i could see was also looking over his and breathing rapidly . listen there s nothing fun about what you re doing . in seven teaching i have never someone from my classroom but if you keep . . . . was saying but he stopped and . someone no something was coming towards the camera from the end of the main corridor . it was wearing a completely white inmate suit although the thing was so old that it was almost green . i t see their face because of the darkness . please kick him out ! one of the . our teacher now pale lord out . i m sorry this . i . . . i talk with the it guy maybe someone hacked into our classroom or it was a . . . there s no way that person could enter the classroom he s not on the list and only i can send to people outside it . . . he around himself again obviously uncomfortable . well . . . i continue the class on . . . his voice was interrupted by the sound the server when someone in . but it t one person . and of people joining uninterruptedly . they all had entirely composed of random and and no one spoke or had their video . what the . . . cursed . he never had done this before . and then . . . i saw it . the person of the intruding video . behind him . wearing that run down asylum costume and holding an syringe . his face was . . . he had the same face of our professor but . . . rotten . like he had been dead for days and his face was slowly rotting and to exist . i . . . maybe we should stop the class ? said . on your side ! i my microphone and spoke but it was too late . the video stopped but we the stab and then a lot of static and . i tried to disconnect not knowing what to do but then all these people who starting turning on their . and they all had the of but each one more and more grotesque like several of a increasingly decomposed body . i my phone and tried to ask if anyone was seeing what i was but t load . i turned off my computer and the screen but the t go away . they were looking at me in the . i then unplugged the computer to no avail . now let s start the class . all of them said in unison . and then i someone climbing my house running . the house where i was alone or so i thought . i myself inside my bathroom and tried to call the police but i t . i ended up crouching on the corner of the toilet and crying that whoever broke into the house t notice me . the bathroom door also had no lock so if that person i d be helpless . i stayed there for around ten hearing of someone running around and looking for me . luckily my toilet is built like it s door was part of the wardrobe so whoever was throughout my entire house did not manage to find me . the stopped . i at my phone . i had connection again there were coming in . i immediately the police and went to to tell my someone had broke into the house and to check if my were . there were a few of the abandoned hospital thing but they said that after the teacher lord out the class went without for some ten and then ended . some of the said that they t even see the or the asylum at all and that the class went normally for them . and then one of them said are you talking about is this a joke ? haven t you read his message on the other group ? that s when i read s message on our teacher student group sorry i won t be able to teach today . it s an familiar emergency . i will be back next . he had sent the message at . xb i was raised on a farm meaning as a young boy when it was time for me to integrate into the less rural society there were a few that t translate well . . i lived with my mother father and uncle . my uncle would always come around looking oddly different every now and again . i remember him one day why that was so . he told me . they can change a man ' s smile . i to believe him but sometimes and dad t recognize him when it was obviously him . he would do the plumbing clean the house let the out some days all while dad him and him different . one day he left and i him on steed my favorite horse . he t leave but instead the car he drove in a lot down the road next to a bunch of other i had seen around . he then rode another one of our back to the stable . after waiting a bit i headed in to look for him but there was no sign of him . to my displeasure i was not in his quarters in the stable . instead it was s twin . due to a birth defect could not stand for a long time so instead sat more than a normal horse . he was standing at the time around this new water . i could tell the difference because of how to steed . would ignore him while watched never us out of his sight . he easy which confused me . he should be because of his new placement but somehow comfortable . after steed up i went to let back to his den . when i the gate pointed towards the haystack . an eerie wooden trap door could barely be seen . i t to venture down i was a naive . i quickly head in with unwarranted gusto . every stair yet i had never seen this place . . i shuffling that i was my uncle . then i turned the corner . the were lined with of oozy thick either deep red or sticky green . it smelt clean down there like bleach and somehow that me with comfort . the shook as something frantically to stay out of my vision . the movement reveal their . stay there boy my uncle from behind a wall but i was hard headed as well . i inch my around the corner . my uncle was in the middle of on his . flesh twisting bone rustling teeth the process just as horrid as it . he must have felt my cold stare . we met his still not on correctly crooked and hanging off . in a reassuring voice he this is a problem everyone when they get older . some stick to one pair of i like . with one last jolting head nod his fell perfectly in place but my heart still sat low . he was uncle right now . we headed back to the house and he me in telling me to keep his little secret and he let me inherit his collection . i agreed and although it ' t sit well with me immediately i came around . he ' t get to keep that promise . his collection was long before they found him dead . it s funny how you can grow up thinking one thing is something else for so long only to be corrected in an embarrassing social situation . i was in rd grade when the evitable . we were going over anatomy and wanting to show those city that this rural hick knew a thing or two they t i was eager to raise my hand at the first opportunity . miss those are . i know because my uncle them in and switch them out to add some variety to his smile . my froze . the teacher froze . the class into chaos and the teacher worked hard to calm down . class joe must be mistaken because we all know this here is your head . would be fake teeth these she said pointing to the only part of uncle that never . she my home after class and uncle was only found later . i wished i had knew the real meaning of before i had my collection . i had to relabel all the i had so far . i ' always been a bit of a ladies " man . ever since my first i ' been a firm believer in the " love um and leave um " school of thought . in high school it some trouble i was the handsome football player who went through like water and it i was always in the middle of some drama between a couple of . in a way i guess i fed off it loving the attention that i got from being at the center of such controversy . as i got older i found similar out in the real world . the car lot i worked at a bevy of pretty pretty and lovely who far less authoritarian once the bedroom door was shut . until today it had never gotten me more than a drink thrown in my face or a need to change my and notify the security at my . that was before i met maria . it a few ago . i was drinking at the bar warming up a pretty blonde on the stool next to me when she in and the eye of every man there . she took a seat long moving beneath her red dress her mane of black hair falling across her shoulder and i felt drawn to her . the blonde barely to notice when i left her almost like she too was taken with this bewitching creature who had into our . she at me as i what she was drinking as the collective of the crowd fell away from us . she said her name was maria and for two i was putty in her . she was unlike anyone i had ever met smart confident possessed of her own upward mobility and ' t seem to need me in the least . when we made love it was incredible like nothing i had ever experienced . that was the first time i thought about just with her forever . lying there with her in the afterglow i to feel that i could up my bachelor life for good . after the third time i getting . this had always been my life . i had always been a dog chasing my next bone and this woman was making me feel . . . i had never felt before . i to pull away to pull away . i to fall back into my old . i to tomcat around again and lived my life as i had before maria . a week before she met me in front of my apartment and me . i had been out with someone else she could probably smell her perfume on my coat and when she tried to throw that in my face i ended it . i told her it was over it had been fun but it was over . she ' t cry . i guess i ' t that she would . instead she got mad . she me across the face her red cutting my cheek and i could see some of it dripping from them as she at me . for a moment her beauty slipped and she more like a wild animal who been cornered by a predator . she was ferocious as she stood before me and i found myself a little afraid she would simply put an end to me right there . for a moment she to consider that very thing . " you will pay for this . no one leaves me . you will regret this you will beg me to take you back before the end . " " you ' re crazy . we ' re through you have no power over me . " she then and it was an ugly thing on her pretty face . " is that what you think mi ? you will soon find that my reach farther than even you would believe . " she was right i suppose . for the next few days i seem to see her everywhere and nowhere . when i was at a bar at a club in a hotel lobby or wherever i was finding new and exciting to pick up a woman and i would suddenly feel her close by . i would catch her mane of raven hair from the corner of my eye i would feel her emerald on the back of my head i would hear her laugh skate across my psyche and it would throw me off my game . i was suddenly tripping over my less smooth with my and i found myself going home more and more often by myself . she to haunt me my wherever i went and i incapable of to life as i had known it . i was to my apartment alone one night when i saw a package sitting in front of my door . it was twenty second two days before and the sight of a package wrapped in deep red paper topped with a glossy bow was not at all odd . someone had seen fit to leave me a present but who i ? i had no family no to speak of and no who might come by to give me a gift . i the package and shook it hearing something heavy around inside . it ' t tick it ' t smell like a bomb so maybe it ' t from a vengeful ex . i the door and brought it inside with me . i sat it on the kitchen table and went to get a shower . my prospect tonight had thrown a drink at me after one of my had landed badly in part by maria seeming to appear in the mirror behind the bar . she had favored sugary it and now i was sticky and in sad need of a shower . i threw my clothes in the hamper and switched on the water as i stepped into the building steam bank . the warmth took me away from my from my mind and me into blissful numbness as the water over me . i my when i the soft sound from the living room but it off as the heater coming on . i stood under the warm water the stickiness and the burning of alcohol still present in my hair and on my face drip to the floor of the plastic tub . i into the water it wash away my wishing there was someone to wash my back for me . some young thing her on full display sliding her soft over my tense back . i could almost feel it as i stood there her strong hand rubbing against my tired skin her gentle sliding over the her jagged cutting my skin . i as a searing pain across my left shoulder . i against the wall feeling the blood run down my back and realizing it ' t been my imagination . i put a hand to the wound my coming away red and turned my shoulder to the water as i around for the source of the cut . my shoulder in white hot pain as the hot water hit it but i was more concerned about what i had scraped it against . i at the shower curtain but it was free of anything that could have cut me . i at the opposite wall anything that might be hanging from the ceiling but saw nothing . the blood running down the drain however said clearly that something had gotten me . looking in the mirror after i ' d gotten out and dried off i could see three long scratches down my shoulder . they like nail maybe from an angry or passionate lover but i that off at once . i ' t had a woman since maria had left and the idea that they could be that old was laughable . the longer i at them though i came to realize that there had been scratches there not too long ago . ' t that the spot that maria had often with her while we were getting heavy ? how many times had i at scratches just like these though not as deep in the mirror the next morning ? i it off and my robe gingerly over the shoulder . coincidence nothing but coincidence . maria was on my mind so of course i was making where there were none . i let the warm robe envelop me and went into the living room to see what was in the box . now that i was less sticky my curiosity was peaked . when i got into the living room though i found the box on its side and on the floor . somehow the box i had fallen off the table and bow had come undone in the fall the contents out of sight . i looking around for what had been inside the box had been heavy enough to make me believe that the contents were pretty big but i ' t find anything . nothing had rolled under the couch under the table into the kitchen and nothing was out of place at all . had someone come in and stolen whatever had been inside ? no i thought after a moment of frantic looking because the chain was on . no one could have gotten in if the chain was unbroken . i did find a card that had been inside the box though . the little red card with black writing made me feel a little squirmy inside when i read it and i thought again of maria . " merry mi . may this gift remind you that my reach is farther than you think . " it ' t . i balled it up and threw it away . someone was an ex probably . i had many most of them were dumb as and again i thought of maria . this was the sort of thing she would think was funny the kind of thing she might think would scare me . maybe scare me enough to bring me back to her . i turned off the and went to bed . i lay in the dark with my head under the pillow but sleep to elude me . the scratches on my back burned against the and i ' t help but think about maria as i lay there . she was never far from my mind these days seeing her out of the corner of my eye or seeming to hover just over my shoulder . now this mysterious gift what did it all mean ? may this gift remind you that my reach is farther than you think . what the hell did that mean ? as i lay there i to hear a strange noise from the living room . i something moving around in the quiet of the night a soft scuttling like a rat or a mouse . i had never had a rodent problem i was pretty clean for a bachelor . it was cold and they were always looking for a warm place to hide . i made a note to call the landlord tomorrow so the exterminator could come out and tried to go to sleep . now however it was the that kept me awake . i could hear the rodent in my living room moving around and exploring my nice clean apartment and the sound of its little was driving me crazy . i could swear it ' t sound like a normal rat . the cadence of its was off or something and it just to crawl into my ear as i lay awake . it big though that was for sure and i made a note to myself to call the landlord right away in the morning . when it turned its attention to the hallway i sat up to make sure i had closed the door . i ' t figure it could get in with the door closed and laid down as i tried to go to sleep and ignore the annoying . it would hit the door and go away hopefully not too deep in my apartment so the exterminator ' t get him out easily . the last thing i was a whole family of in my apartment up my furniture and leaving on my when the bedroom door open i nearly out of my skin . how had it the door ? had i forgotten to close it firmly ? was the rat big enough to brute his way through it ? i the little bastard wandering in and under the . so he was in here . it ' s not like he would climb in bed with me . i was a big dumb predator and he ' t want to get too close to me . only came and people ' s off in or . in reality they were who barely ever people beyond their and being a nuisance . he would crawl into my closet and probably chew on some of the dirty clothes i had on the floor and that would be i felt a tug on the comforter and as it its way into my bed . i laid as still as i could the weight of the thing pressing down on me . it was bigger than i had thought it was its weight making me think of a kitten almost and it definitely had more than four . it over my leg up to my buttock and over my back as it made a beeline for my head . this was insane . there should be no reason for it to get this close . did not usually get this close to people . i to remember those old about eating homeless people ' s the victim waking up and screaming as the rat made off with a lip or a nose . would he come under the to look for me ? did i want to give him that chance ? i sat up suddenly as it over my injured shoulder tossing back the and roaring at it like a off lion . i that would send the little bastard running . it would piss itself all the way to the front door not a screaming human to be waiting for it . the little had with the wrong guy today and he was going to get more than he for tonight . at the time my only regret was that i would have to wash my comforter and sleep under an old quilt in my closet when he peed all over himself in his fear . i have more now but i wish i could go back to that time before now . it turned out that it ' t a rat and my angry cry turned into a confused scream as quickly as it had . it had back crouched on the corner of my bed as the light through the window me precisely what had been around my house . as my scream in my throat we sat and at each other another scream trying to bubble up as it me from its position of surprise . it was no rat no mouse either . it was a hand . it just like thing from the family show . the hand was pink slightly tanned its hairy and back near the wrist covered in coarse black hair . it on the bed seeming to look at me and when i again it lunged suddenly . my scream was cut off suddenly the hand around my windpipe and i at the wrist stump as i tried to free it . its dug in pressing into my flesh and its grip was strong and firm . strong or not it the leverage that a wrist and i soon felt the sliding off my skin as i threw it against the door . it hit the door with a splat and one of my at me to keep it down . it rose to its finger and to be trying to get its . i had it and i could see its pointer finger was bent a little after the door . i had to strike now before it ' s about it and i my own hand around the edge of my bed as i for my baseball bat . i felt the cold metal of the bat as it came scuttling at me again and i wrapped my hand around it gaining confidence as i it . it this time its finger it up onto the bed as it prepared to lunge at me again . i not wanting to spook it . it tested its a single time and sprang at my throat again looking ghostly in the moonlight as it . i it deftly out of the air and when it hit the wall i saw it twitch as its stood at odd . i ' t wait for it to get itself together this time . i rolled out of bed deft as any hunting cat and swung the bat down on it as it lay . i saw it spasm blood from the strange thing but i kept swinging until it was little more than pulpy flesh on the ground . its blood black in the moonlight sat on my carpet like sludge and clung to my bat like ichor . i was winded when i stopped swinging and the thing was little more than a pile of meat and . i a gray grocery bag from the and picked up the pulpy mess . i ' t want it in my room ' t want it in the apartment and i intended to walk straight out to the despite the hour and throw it away . i would sleep much better once it was gone and i was suddenly very tired . the adrenaline was keeping me upright but once it left the dread and the exertion would lay me out . i the door to my room and took a step out into the hallway . i froze as three more of the came wheeling around the corner making a beeline for my door . i it in their non existent my back against it as they and against it . that ' s where i ' been for the last three . the sun is up now and the bag sitting beside me stopped moving but the outside are still moving outside the door . i can see them if i peek under the door and my phone been blowing up with text for the last two . they ' re from her . they ' re all from maria . she ' s been me ever since i made the phone call . i spent the first hour in a state of excited panic trying to think of ways to escape . the bag i had the broken hand in a little the hand going through its death and the outside kept pelting at the door as though they could sense its passing . finally i just curled up against the door and put my face against my sobbing quietly as my fear got the better of me . that was when i thought to call the police . i picked up the phone and emergency at once . how had i not thought of that before ? the would come in and find the and this would all be over . they could kill them and bring this nightmare to an end . i the phone to my head with shaking and when the operator i almost cried . " yes i need the police here immediately . i have . . . strange in my house that have trapped me in my bedroom . they are trying to hurt me and i need help . " " sir one moment please . " she my address my name and then to ask me other while i for the police to arrive . how long had this been going on ? what sort of were they ? was i injured ? i told her i ' t hurt not really and that i ' t sure what they were . i ' t tell her there were in my house she would think i was crazy so i lied . " yes you do " she said and her voice familiar the longer this call went on " why don ' t you tell me what ' s in your house mi . " " maria ? " i breathed my breath catching in my throat . " why don ' t you just give up and come back to me ? i ' let you crawl back and we ' put this all behind us . you don ' t want to know what to the who decide not to come back to me . " and she evilly on the other end of the phone . i hung up and threw it under the bed where it continued to ring . i it ring again and again the into the door as it did until she finally gave up and me . i it chirp a dozen times two dozen three dozen before i finally dug it out and writing this . she kept sending me telling me to give up and just come back to her . i kept them away trying to ignore them and thirty ago she sent her last text so far . " see you soon mi . " the have stopped banging now and i can see a pair of standing on the other side of my bedroom door . someone just calling my name and telling me to open the door . it that maria . it i ' m out of time . it i should have been wary of ex ' s baring . it her reach was indeed farther than i team and i had upon a cliff s edge which over the far glacial plain on which stood the fog fortress of the snow cleric . we had done thorough reconnaissance of the frosted land and had several snow wherein and . stealthily with our own southern breed of guile we had these who would either their brethren of our encroachment upon their land or our blood upon the bare snow . the many snow capped of the fortress rose to the sky and no part of any structure was unadorned by a semi transparent coating of frost . as if armored by the settled ice every brick of the fortress in the little light that the sun to cast down onto it . along the which the inner castle strode with unfamiliar yet assuredly deadly weaponry . in ice wrought armor stood atop nearly indistinguishable from the they warded . their which could see through the accumulation of the ever present mist the around the castle for . knowing beforehand of those far seeing we had come dressed in the appropriate camouflage which not only us to blend in with our environment but concealed our vital from detection as well . specially made us to see each other as clearly as if we t been wearing the cloaking material . there were three of us . myself my brother and person who i will only refer to as b . my brother had brought the job to me to him by b for that will be revealed later . as anyone might done i in his face the mere suggestion of being real a ridiculous absurdity . but he was patient and when my laughter had down he me of the jolly bastard himself and of the fortress which he said had against time and the thieving of men impregnable through countless . the evidence for s existence was excessive and undeniable . i first with wonder at the of his reindeer carried sleigh and his of certifiably inhuman and dwarfish elves along his border and other of the nigh supernatural . and then a chill came over my heart just as it had come over and settled in the hearts of anyone who venture into that land because in one of the was not as the overly joyful gift bearer of legend but as a sinister blue eyed sorcerer casting dark magic over a camp of foolish . but to assuage my naturally arisen fear my brother informed me of the loot kept within the of that northernmost hold . loot not just of elf forged and invaluable but of raw and alone worth more than the riches kept in any bank across the world . he said that if we could plunder even a fraction of the total keep we could live fabulously for financially unrivaled sovereignly incontestable . while he had no of the fabled loot for none had ever made it inside to capture them he had and reputable as to the general store within those virgin all mutually to the immeasurable worth of the contents therein . b his extremely secretive source even for our dubious line of profession had provided us with the necessary equipment and transportation . really she had funded the entire venture and t even so much as at any of the more expensive and admittedly unnecessary we had made for the job . everything had been without hesitation . this more than the knowledge of our skill had assured us that we would be successful in our of s fortress . we were of course disastrously wrong and no amount of or high tech equipment would us to escape the fortress with even a single coin of that nightmarish castellan s treasury . the team hidden by our camouflage the . blind to our the saw only the of mist upon the flat icy expanse as we crept across the main bridge . the over ordinarily indomitable in their small . it on rather than modern electricity at least for the outer . b the as they at through the crenelated tops of the wall while my brother and i stood silently in front of the portcullis before the main door . above the barbican unmanned the upon the wall apparently sufficient enough . we d brought equipment and for b s signal to proceed . when she was satisfied that we t been she for us to begin . my brother the thermal to the gate and we to the stony sides while the did their work . quickly noiselessly they ate away the metal until a small hole was made in the frost blasted gate . we on our through this and the same action against the heavy wooden door . according to b s had gone away for the day on some errand leaving . the warden of his keep . and she being busy with her own business had allegedly confined herself to the donjon within the topmost tower . in his absence he had naturally security within the castle with not far away . the bailey a massive courtyard in which several smaller were was aswarm with ice armored elves who throughout the space whilst bearing their strange weaponry . in an out they went entering through the various and supplemental of the wall . the main door however was never the strict rule being that it would remain closed whenever was not at the castle . due to the silence with which we had the door the two directly beyond it t our entry and we quickly dealt with them before they could raise the alarm . while these are formidable in battle they re still diminutive to and we to neutralize them more through our sheer size advantage than combative prowess . once the still alive just unconscious were buried in the snow we armed ourselves with their peculiar . we left them with their armor even though by the of it it was far superior to our own . we t on outright killing anyone and knew that even these cold blooded winter tempered could eventually succumb to the fatal effects of the harrowing cold if left unprotected . my brother and i took the strange blue which had some sort of self or never exhaustive crystal as its ammunition while b took a short crystal saber the hilt of which curling of some ancient language . once our adaptative camouflage had extended itself over the we set out towards the main keep wherein lied the treasure we sought . the main keep sat atop a small elevation of the land with two massive at its sides . on each tower beyond the outer wall were massive although from what i could see from below the artillery which these deadly fired was of a crystalline composition rather than the woodwork standard . several of ice wrought reposed in their their lethally sharp their the size of small . within the a dark blue liquid which i suspected the into proper explosive artillery upon impact with a target . of the two each stood behind their and to endure the open air and blasting with superhuman resilience as they a call to action . b these interior with little interest . these no different from those on the outer wall and those had already proven themselves incapable of our . we continued on until we had the main door of the inner keep . we t use our here this door saw frequent use and any kind of damage would be immediately and the alarm would be raised . instead we went around the structure passing by the leftward tower behind which sat the . we and clung to the keep s wall as we sighted several reindeer within . the a stocky elf unencumbered by armor but nonetheless insulated against the cold by his bulk to the massive crimson eyed . b cast us a look towards us that said she t sure if we could avoid being scented by these who by their great size and body length were clearly of a more refined breed to their slightly southern . it was impossible to tell if their almost nightmarish gigantism was to some pituitary abnormality or some dark breed of northern magic . my brother raised the carbine he d been cradling but b quickly shook her head . we had known that the elves would be armed prior to beginning the mission but we t any as to the themselves . we t risk being by the of our gunfire even though the wind loudly throughout the castle s interior . also we had only minimal data regarding anatomy and none of us truly ourselves enough to land what could be as a non mortal shot . a thief can be forgotten if not . regardless of the land in question are almost always even across the world . b crouched low something my brother told me that she did when she was in deep thought . a few the cold to deepen and the elves continued their oblivious to our intrusion . finally b rose to her snatched my carbine from my and through its . she the ground below for a few then handed the weapon back and pointed at a spot just beside the keep a few ahead . quietly i crept to the spot now in full view of the which sat about thirty off to my left . one reindeer but this to be response to a powerful gust of wind rather than my movement . the spot to the naked eye was completely unremarkable . i stood on a snow sheet of ice stonework had been reserved for without any or . but doing as b had done i through the scope of the carbine and saw through its thermal a sub structure beneath the ice a lower floor or basement of the keep to my right . i for my brother to take a look through his weapon and upon doing so he his head understanding b s train of thought . we two thermal from our pack and for the next surge of wind which had always carried along a visually flurry of snow . thankfully the were scentless in addition to their silence . we burned a hole through the ice just small enough for us to slip inside one by one . the gigantic reindeer neither scented nor sensed our breach of the icy floor and we quickly . once b had landed she again took my weapon from my . despite not one for more than a few she d apparently at a comfortable understanding of its construction . she removed the crystal core from its chamber grimacing as the frigidity of the stone was felt through her . she the crystal up to the hole we d made it and miraculously sealed the aperture . from within the icy sealant was incongruous with the stonework of the low ceiling but outside it would nearly indistinguishable from the ice floor . the room into which we had was fairly ordinary and various and obvious for the castle . lined the with flaring in each illuminating the interior and warming us . the urge to hover by these welcome of heat was strong but the desire to quickly escape the with our riches was . we down a corridor passing by vacant until we eventually a set of dark stone . up these we silently invisibly until we a hall at the far end of which sat a throne seemingly wrought of crystal and set upon a similarly forged dais . hung from the and of northern of s territory and other boreal scenery was into their . massive lined the hall three on each side and despite the stonework of the building these were made of crystal . inside each a dark blue liquid similar to the substance i had spotted within the of the . this worried me but i did not bring it up to my . behind the throne sat a large oaken door taller even than that great chair upon its platform . with our waist high my brother and i strode through the threshold after b had the door open before us . our swept through the interior but our found no body on which to rest . immediately ahead was a great hearth an inviting fire blazing therein and tall sat against the left and right . a table sized to accommodate a ordinary person rather than an elf stood to the side with one chair out before it . atop the table s surface sat several thick each with titled by some language i only dimly as being some flavor of germanic . to the right near the front right corner of the room was another door this one much smaller than the one through which we had . wasting no time for further examination of the fire warmed study we this door and silently it just as we had done the last . we had now into a torch corridor and at the end of this sat yet another door . b halfway through the corridor and crouched low although this was not the contemplative rest she d before . my brother and i her posture and we intently for of activity . we nothing from either wall but from ahead softly came the of machinery of some sort . rising up only slightly from her crouched position b crept forward and my brother and i suit . we the door and rather than open it as we had done the previous two we raised our closely to the wood . the thermal of the the door and us a massive room filled with towering over which large spider like . i handed my weapon to b and she the room then handed my weapon back to me . she at our that we were free to fire upon the animate within . she then the brass handle the saber in her belt and open the door . raised my brother and i the room but neither of us fired a shot . within the room in great heaps that nearly touched the ceiling were piles and piles of glimmering shining and strange yet no less beautiful . the sheer collective luster of the loot was almost blinding and the of the in their across the dim and innocuous in comparison . crawling upon the heaps and dusting were arachnoid automata of ice and metal roughly the size of small dogs . delicately effortlessly they mounted and every mound and precipice going about their custodial work with finely efficiency . despite been to engage by b neither of us to fire upon these mechanical not due to any recognition of innocence for they were quite abhorrent but out of worry for the . to mar the surface of even a single one was tantamount to blasphemy in our avaricious . the that powered our had a of six before needing to be and we had been on the castle grounds for only an hour . i this to b at the and our and she . we could gather our loot and make a escape without needlessly engaging . the mechanical no attention to us as we reassuring us of our invisible shielding . we set our before the central mountain and piling and indiscriminately into the bag . as each object from its nestling in that mountain to our it was incorporated into the cloaking and to blink out from existence . our snatched dexterously our hearts beat with barely elation our over fire hearted and frost . when our had been filled to the point of we them over our and turned to leave . we had ourselves on our undetected intrusion upon s castle and with the treasure weighing each of us down our pride even b who was at all other times stolid had a wide grin upon her face as she strode towards the door . leaving those brainless ever dutiful behind we through the corridor crossed the study along the tapestry wall of the throne room and re that storage area into which we had only an hour before . not wanting to risk unforeseen structural collapse we made yet another hole in the same spot as the last one and up through the ceiling . it took a bit longer as we now had to push our heavy up to the surface but we the interior without drawing attention to ourselves . before b could disarm me i the crystal from my weapon and applied the icy sealant to the floor the hole we d made . she and and i returned the expression . my brother rolled his and for us to come on . we then made our way back around the keep to return through the main gate just as we d it . but we suddenly stopped short in the open courtyard before it as we saw a patrol of elves suddenly divert from their path and march towards the gate . there from their snowy burial were the two elves we had subdued and disarmed . they shook themselves off and were immediately by the patrol s leader . only a moment later the leader out in his unintelligible tongue and an alarm issuing from seemingly everywhere at once and the came alive . before even b could come up with a plan of action a burst of some blue tinged energy shot through the castle grounds . it hit us and i the wave to singe my flesh or at least rattle my but the impact against my body was physically imperceptible . the impact however was not without effect immediately blue sparks across my body and the cloaking effect of our gear was disengaged . we were left standing completely exposed surrounded by a veritable army of elves . b prior to the mission had informed us that these took no s grim in to the treatment of . when we into visibility and their blue turned towards us we knew that there would be no quarter given . b her saber and without any announcement or diplomatic preamble she towards a nearby group of elves . i her blade sing a song of icy lethality as it through the air and saw it sheer through the arm of an elf that had defensively thrown out the limb . she then through her slicing and thrusting with the celerity and dexterity of a practiced swordsman . her were when they could be seen and i might stood there all day and watched without for my own peril if my brother t turned me around . upon the that bordered the keep the had turned to face the bailey . the crystalline were directly at us and the stood behind the artillery the . the higher of my forebrain and in their place arose the autonomous and practiced of survival . my carbine was raised towards the rightward tower and my finger depressed the trigger . finely of ice shot out of the barrel just as the first volley of were . my brother had also fired his weapon and through some nigh telepathic intuition of he had fired upon the other . we d both had considerable practice in the of mankind and the usage of the weaponry no great on our part . our were true and all of the were by the crystalline spat forth from our . but at least a dozen had been fired already and in the next instant after arcing majestically through the air they upon the ground with cataclysmic effect . it felt as if the entire world had been shaken as those great of ice upon impact causing the land to heave and sending shrapnel of ice through the air and throwing up a frosty mist that blanketed the grounds . i was violently thrown to the ground in the terrestrial quake . i cry out in pain and human and after a few my own voice that chorus of agony as i to dislodge a large chunk of ice from my side . no longer needing to worry about detection i out to my brother . thankfully he albeit with a voice in pain . i then out to b who t immediately answer . i further of pain and these to be in response to some harm rather the crystalline bombardment . a moment later my and i was away from where i laid . after a few i was left alone in an open space bereft of that mist . b stood over me covered in of steaming blue slime that i knew to be blood . her saber with the same stuff . nearby kneeling with their to their were several . they cried out in agony and i that these had been the fresh i d . b unimpeded by the of the had gone on to disembowel the . she was truly a warrior in her own right much more skilled than her . b knelt over me and tending to my wound but i waved her off and pointed towards the mist where my brother still . she immediately into the haze her saber blue blood as she went . i the pouch on my belt removed the field medical and to my wound as best i could . by the time i d it b and my brother had through the mist and were me . my brother had a few small throughout his body but none fatal . b me stand and before the army could regroup we towards the front gate . we several stumbling and b expertly cut down any who got in our way . my weapon had been during the bombardment and could no longer fire . i carried it with me anyway thinking it to hold onto the undamaged crystal source . my brother had either lost his carbine or thrown it away at some point . we the front gate through the blasted hole and a bit of our stamina across the bridge towards the icy pain . we shouting atop the but none of us turned back to see what doom was being prepared for us . atop the hill in the distance sat our . despite the weight of our invaluable we ran on tirelessly filled with resolve at a direct engagement with the castle . halfway across the ice field we a sharp whistle like noise . b in place and for us to do the same . my brother and i turned around to see a volley of arcing through the sky towards us . but b for the first time since the start of the spoke no we re well out of the range of the . and this t coming from the castle anyway . it s coming from directly above us . all three of us up and at first nothing was visible through the gloom of the cloud coverage . but then second by second something took form until we a large shape down towards us . galvanized by a sudden panic the approach of some greater doom i towards the hill ahead with my close behind . before we could reach its base the hill s crown was suddenly set ablaze as some kind of ordinance struck it . the were instantly and utterly . i slid to my and my brother to a stop beside me . b stopped with slightly more grace but defeat had quickly the hearts of us all at the destruction of our only of escape . behind us the vehicle that had the missile landed heavily upon the ice . slowly this newly terror i turned to face the enemy . from a great crimson sleigh a veritable giant . he stepped upon the ice with thick leather boots and stood towering over the man high vehicle in a posture of sovereignty and contempt . a black hand the of a few monstrous reindeer who out of vaporous ice from their barrel like . their by sheer malice if not by some innate power at us as their master their . the giant wore a red coat with of white around the collar and for the and trousers similarly colored and . a great white beard from the chin to the breast but the uncovered head was bald . fierce blue almost black hatefully towards us and the pale skin that bordered them to glow with some vitality . the white rimmed mouth the puffed the bulbous nosed irritably . you dare trespass upon castle home of clan ? the voice across the expanse and the above to briefly recoil in response to the thunderously accusation . utterly by the arrival and fearsome appearance of none of us . the legendary gift bearer s curled into massive block like and an aura of icy blue to swirl around his figure . b for the first time that day truly afraid and my brother clinging to my arm to audibly whimper . a terror unthought of filled my heart and i could do nothing but stare at the enraged castellan as he his power in preparation for some horrible attack . the reindeer callously as if knowing what dark fate us at the of their sorcerous master . i closed my then not wanting to look upon the of my destruction . a sudden impact against my chest sent me sprawling onto my back and i initially thought that i d been painlessly struck by some hyper lethal projectile . but upon opening my i saw b standing above me her back to the fuming giant . my brother laid on his back beside me also been . before either of us could question her she said in a grave unquestionable tone go . while i admired her in combat and her ability to adapt to truly unusual i t any real sense of camaraderie towards her . still i sent her a gaze that said are you sure ? and she somberly in response . my brother and i then up the hill towards the blazing wreckage leaving b to fend for herself again the . my brother and i the hill still bearing our of the treasure and around the conflagration . we ran as had men had never run before our upon snow slid across ice and rocky of the two . we never stopped never back but continued on until we a hut we d used as a in our towards the castle five away . once inside we threw ourselves upon the floor not to unfasten our gear or our . i out and awoke with a start almost three later . i shook my brother awake and he from sleep groggily drool trailing from his mouth . together we our to behold the bounty we d . our t yet turned to the woman we d left behind . but our did not come to rest on glimmering and sparkling . inside both sat great heaps of coal . neither of us up from our for a while perhaps thinking that maybe our t yet to the lighting of the hut or that some sort of illusory magic was at play . but when i my into the pile and soot fell between the and my were i accepted the grim soul chilling reality of the situation . virtually penniless we left the north pole and returned to our home . we had six for the arrival of b before from the hut . we t dare wait any longer lest or his come for us . going back t been something even considered . what of b is presently unknowable and yet it t until after our flight had landed back in the that i the absence of an item . the small crystalline engine of the weaponry which i had from my broken carbine was missing from my . i it back through my memory and t recall it at the hut either . a kernel of hope in my mind as i considered the possibility of b snatching that small yet assuredly volatile trinket from my possession before sending us away . i had sensed a great power within the of its small structure and am now confident that if its raw power could be by a human in battle b would be able to do it . i can remember tiptoeing through the as my father along with the other men tried to fend off the . my father was a mild man who entrepreneurship but was a hard worker who was eager to do anything to provide for his family . my father childhood with and wherever opportunity itself . i can recall my mother s reluctance of leaving north to go west to . my mother would have preferred to be dirt poor then risk her life through the to . was just one of those men that could own the whole of north then would go to to try to own that at as well . so here i am at the age of through the dense forest along with other . we learned individually to stay with the traveling group or we would be prime to be stolen by the or other . can t describe the terror that constantly knowing that the men in your party were the only thing that was protecting you from a possible attack from if not of . there was no call for help if an and their was no army coming to rescue us . the t care if i was they would torture me just as quickly as they would one of the adult . we finally settled in a an area of that . we had to built a fort to stave off so every person young and old had to help clear the land and make wooden for the fort . you had to constantly look over your shoulder for a tomahawk being at your skull as you worked . i knew we were on land that the have never settled . after a worth of nonstop work we to complete half of the fort . at night fall i could hear coming from the wilderness . it was the most terrifying that could ever be produced . the were from howling to let us know that we were all going to be soon . i t know if there were five or s of . we were all so exhausted from working all day . was one of those unique who really t need to sleep or really rest either . put all the and in the middle of the fort and any boy over the age of eleven had to bear a rifle . the only thing i ever shot at were and now within i m going to be fighting battle . i was on an elevated log above the portion of the fort . the partially fort was made up of six foot made from log . my father told me to watch for flying to include and to reload my rifle as quickly as possible and to aim for the chest . i could only see a short distance in front of me because of the darkness . i can hear the intentional ruffling of leaves . everything the did was deliberate to petrify us . then out of nowhere they came storming out of the . i tried my to reload as quickly as possible . as an arrow by my face i turned around and saw swinging an axe as the to breach the open side of the fort . i have never seen anything as quick and as violent as swinging his axe . he me of the viking i used read about . as quickly as the came then they quickly left . they were just sizing us up to see the strength in our . fortunately we only had one minor wound and there were dead . we were able to rest as assigned men to guard duty . there were no more that night . the next day we all were to complete the fort as quickly as possible . after three days the fort was completely surrounded by wooden . at least we had a barrier in between us and the now . the have been quiet the last few days and we hoped they had decided that we t worth their . as morning i was awaken by the of men in our party who get to your position . get to your there coming . it s the most frightening sound to hear a man yelling for his life . this time i saw the coming out of the . it like of running at full speed with and . i would hold my breath each time i fired . i was able to see the fall when i at their chest . the eye of the attack was at the entrance to the fort . the were able to force the entrance door open . some of the men left their on the wall to fight back the who made it inside the fort . i can hear yelling and crying from the woman and inside of the fort . then one of the worst that possibly could occur . the who the fort s apparent mission was to grab and kidnap whoever they could . i saw them pull s son and another young male out of the fort and then drag them into the . as the dragged them into the the rest of us were fighting off the . it was like watching taking their prey when i saw and being dragged into the . the image still me to this day . if i could have shot either one of them to forgo the torture they were to soon face then i would have but the purposely them through the to keep both and alive . they were going to be used as macabre of entertainment for their tribe . the their attack and all of us were left exhausted . we lost five men and the two adolescent who would soon be dead as well . my father knew that the would never end . he with my mother the best thing to do regarding my survival . one of the men who from the attack ambrose had a daughter who was a year older than me . her name is . she is visibly upset from losing her father . her mother had ago from a fever and is now a virtual orphan . my decided on me to leave the fort and for me to take into the isolated to live our life s . we had traversed those on the way to the fort we . my knew the would never stop the fort until we were all dead so out in the was the best way for survival . would not have agreed to us leaving . he a community established at but we had to leave in order to survive . my father gave us an axe and other equipment to help us survive . i knew once we left the fort it may be the last time i would see my . i them and then and i left in the cover of darkness one night . we had about three days worth of food and a lifetime amount of lead and gun powder . the walk would be around six . and i are equally as walking through the as we were as sitting within the fort . the one thing we had going for us was that the were kept with the fort and hopefully they t see us leave . my father told us to settle near the mountain fed lake that we saw when came from north . all the water and fish we would need would come from the lake . our survival was a long shot . i had never built a cabin before but i seen how their built . we through the and we were relieved to find our final destination . we were virtually on the moon . the of us seeing anyone else for some time was slim to none . i had seen no evidence of in this area so we felt save for the time being . we across a cave on the side of a mountain . it was now early dawn and we would use the cave as shelter until we built a cabin . the first priority was for me to shoot a deer or some other meat source . i was exhausted from the walk so i intermittently closed my as i for deer to pass bye as i stayed hidden . after about three i was able to shoot a deer . and i both skinned and prepared the deer meet . we were also happy to have our first fur . the noise from my rifle would be the best indicator if the knew where we were on the mountain side . i was starting to get settled into the mountain side cave . on the other hand was still grief stricken by the loss of her father . some days she could barely move . the combination of the the loss of her father and living in these remote were becoming too much for her . after about three living in the cave and i both fell asleep after talking about life back in north . i woke up in the middle of the night and saw that had . i for her for but she never returned . i believe she had mentally checked out and had just into the where she would never be able to find her way back because the forest was too dense and their were really no or . now here i am at age all alone . i had to keep my mind from going insane so i decided to focus on hunting and trapping animal . i would amass a ton of and hopefully become rich from them . everyday i got at least one animal . either a mink a beaver or sometimes even a bear . two had and i never built the cabin . i was fine with the cave . other than seeing an occasional away i have had no contact with anyone . i have grown accustomed to the quietness . i have of and i will unload them i say to myself someday ! i decide to take a walk to see the fort and my . my had me from doing this but i some type of human contact . i the of the so i did my best to remain as silent as possible as i back to the fort . after walking which felt like for many i was finally able to see the fort . i was that i t see or smell any smoke or hear any as i got closer to the fort . as i at the entrance i was to see the fort was abandoned and there were no of a massacre . it to me everyone had just and left . there were no or for me to decipher where they had gone . i don t know if my are alive or dead . if they are alive did they leave me and go back to north or ? i now feel completely abandoned . the fort was a mental continuum for me . it made me think that i t really truly alone in this uninhabited land but now i truly am and it will be something that i will have to accept . hello my name is . i m old and i m living in central . sorry for the bad spelling almost one and a half ago me and my family had a great idea . my said the she to go to . we went to a is famous for its food . after we had finished we got out and went in direction of where it all . my father said did you hear that i just said no because i did not know what he was talking about . then some struck the wall of a building away . we were behind a restaurant . i just what the was that ? he said just stay here . dont move ! i just felt my increasing and my in . in the last few as we were sitting there nothing . we just thought that its just a random dude who is lighting . me and my dad walking towards the still nothing much going on . but then the first police car . the terrorist fired at the police . got fatally wounded while leaving the car . one bullet ricochet on a and passing my head by a few . that was a terrible noise . it almost like in a movie . now police . the tried to evacuate the out of the danger zone . my father got hit by a shrapnel directly above his ankle . he a lot of luck because the shrapnel his bone . inch to the left and it had his life forever . days ago i got with . i m dealing with anxiety stress and . maybe i do a part . have a nice day everyone ! o hello my name is . i m old and i m living in central . sorry for the bad spelling almost one and a half ago me and my family had a great idea . my said the she to go to . we went to a is famous for its food . after we had finished we got out and went in direction of where it all . my father said did you hear that i just said no because i did not know what he was talking about . then some struck the wall of a building away . we were behind a restaurant . i just what the was that ? he said just stay here . dont move ! i just felt my increasing and my in . in the last few as we were sitting there nothing . we just thought that its just a random dude who is lighting . me and my dad walking towards the still nothing much going on . but then the first police car . the terrorist fired at the police . got fatally wounded while leaving the car . one bullet ricochet on a and passing my head by a few . that was a terrible noise . it almost like in a movie . now police . the tried to evacuate the out of the danger zone . my father got hit by a shrapnel directly above his ankle . he a lot of luck because the shrapnel his bone . inch to the left and it had his life forever . days ago i got with . i m dealing with anxiety stress and . maybe i do a part . have a nice day everyone ! o i sat there in the bed slowly wrapping my in the duvet . what did i expect in doing this ? that it was all going to be magically ? that i would wake up and everything would be like it was ? i . . . don ' t know . i guess it was just therapeutic . to be honest everything did feel more like a dream the that before being so impossible that there was no way that it could be real . but that was the nightmare of it . knowing that everything no matter how unbelievable or terrifying actually . . . that me the most . i over to the clock on my bedside table . a . m . time to go to sleep . it must have about ago . it with a nightmare . i wish i could describe it to you but . . . i can ' t i guess the thing to it would be terror unbridled and free running riot in my mind . i woke up cold sweat dripping down my entire body panting like i had just run a marathon . it was still dark out so once i my heart and my breathing i got back to sleep being careful so as not to disturb my wife . but it the next day . and the next . and the next . always at the same time . a . m . the got worse . i ' d wake up utterly in sweat screaming out to someone something anything waking my wife . she ' d console me her happy into my soul and protecting me from any unholy who tried to lay siege on me . every time the clock would be at a . m . i could barely sleep at this point o ' clock nights the regular and my wife bless her soul tried to stay up with me . but since she ' s more of an early bird rather than a night owl she ' d tap out at about midnight . and i ' d fall asleep only to also wake up a short while later screaming bloody murder . i tried sleeping in a different bed on the sofa even in a chair but the . one time the got so bad i around trying to beat away . and even though my wife was certain that there was nothing near me and that i hit the headboard . . . i was certain that i had flesh . to end this debate between me and her i bought a camera that would record overnight so we could watch it back . sleep . nightmare . down . slept more . we checked the camera and ran it back a few before that unholy time . and we saw . . . it . or maybe even them . enormous black from behind the headboard every part of their and gnarled and wrinkly with long that extended the hand even further out . they crept slowly up to my face tingling ready to dissect their new meal . . . but before they could grab me i woke up screaming and roaring and they slinking back behind the bed . it was . . . alarming to see . i had really hoped that it was some condition but there was a real thing out to get . . . me . we checked behind the bed the moment we saw the footage but there was no monster there . this was when i stayed up for the first time . i ' t ever gone the distance mainly because i ' t really feel like the time would actually be a factor that i ' d probably just wake up instantly but now i knew for certain that it would not be ready for me when i was awake . my wife dozed off at around a . m . i don ' t know how she did it knowing that there were two behind the bed but she slept . and later the time was now . would it show up ? it did . i watched with a contented smirk as it tried to feel around for my head . a sense on confusion fell upon it as it ' t find it ' s target . then it got my wife . her head with one hand and her mouth in the other it her up and to pull her behind the bed . her shot open but no sound was as it was covered in the all palm . i ' t going to let her go without a fight so i her holding on for dear life desperately praying that it would give up and it would slink back to it ' s cave . it was winning the battle . slowly the top of her head by the darkness then the rest of her . but still i on . her neck and were next but still i on . the rest of her torso and even though my grip was slipping on her i on . even if i holding onto her i ' d ensure that my rigor would keep her here . never let her go . never let her . never . . . i came to the sun starting to peer in through the and the chirping outside . and she was gone . up by the beast . i around every room in the house grasping onto every last thread every wild theory that she was still alive . a sick prank ? a hallucination ? maybe this was one of the i was in the night ? but as much as i to accept it i lost her . my beautiful wife . now i stay up every night waiting until that time knowing that if i fall asleep it would get me too . as sure as the clock i may have lost her but i will not lose to it . i remember very clearly in fourth grade when . warner snapped . out of nowhere she screaming and towards my desk . we d all been sitting quietly little quietly taking a math test . i remember feeling the morning sun beaming through and warming up my left side . i remember the smell of chalk and pencil shavings . then out of nowhere the shrill screaming . i remember the furious look in her the ruler she was holding up . she came right up to me and with guttural animal she me across the face with the ruler over and over . i tried to back away from her but i was stuck at my desk . i tried to block her with my little but she just struck my instead . there was no rhyme or reason to it she was just suddenly filled with primal rage . i remember how much that ruler stung . the other remember it differently . they all said i just suddenly shaking like crazy and fell to the floor . they all up and circled around to stare at me . my childhood friend screaming what s wrong with her ? what s wrong with her ? . warner it more clearly . she said she that i was just staring out the window and my glazed over and she was walking towards me to see what was wrong when she that i was heavily . she it was more like than shaking . she said i onto my desk then onto the floor while she was on the intercom calling frantically for help . it was the first time and far from the last . it t until eighth grade that the to pin down what was wrong with me a rare seizure disorder marked by vivid . they it syndrome . as i grew up i met other people like me mostly on the . some of them t have the violent like i did . could recall being beaten at and and were left with psychological even though none of it actually . like them i had to live with of being and at by and . as hard as i tried to separate the from real life i still ended up with trust . my were kind and supportive about it but it was still rough . my life outside the to be by the ever looming risk of them . no matter how long it had been since my last one the next one was always always prepared for . as a result i grew up thinking i would miss out on a lot of normal adult . i if anyone would want to date me let alone marry me . getting through high school was hard enough would i get through college ? would i be able to hold down a job ? would other people ever treat me normally knowing that this could happen to me at any moment . worst of all would i be irresponsible to want ? as i child i assumed i would someday be a mother but whenever i it the around me would look sad and and i that doubt . a lot of other tried to reassure me saying i could still live a somewhat normal life but i was a moody and fatalistic teen . i t respond well to the they tried me on and the were gradually becoming more frequent . my life felt very . got better though . in my the to ease off and there was a new medication that i better to . at first it was very expensive but my with their insurance company and eventually it got covered . i enrolled in college and four later i graduated with a engineering degree and a steady . i finally felt like i had a future ahead of me . along the way though i decided i just t want . i knew it would be difficult for me and maybe even unfair to them . was disappointed at first but he reluctantly got used to the idea . by the time we got married we d both come to the resolution and were at peace with it . so we were both when protection . i my period and two later the pregnancy test came up positive . t hesitate to back me up on my previous decision not to have but suddenly i was second . after all i was better now in so many ways . maybe i could do this . maybe i t be such a terrible mother after all . we it over at length . surprisingly i was the one trying to talk him into it because he was worried that i was a momentary wavering and would change my mind again . however as my belly grew i more and more determined . part of my childhood was healing . i was going to be i was going to be a good mother . i t had a major seizure in . and if i did so what ? i d with other learned some good for keeping myself and my child safe . eventually came around too and we getting ready for life as new . later in the middle of the night i woke up . i was in labour . i could see him struggling to keep calm on the drive to the hospital . we were both so excited . i swear i remember it . it s so clear . like any other part of my life . i can recall every moment that that night . i went through the process was soon lying on a hospital bed . came around checked my vitals checked on the baby . everything was going smoothly . the were coming gradually closer together . it was textbook . it was painful . i remember the pain so clearly . i had originally decided ahead of time not to take anything but accepted i might change my mind in the moment . when i brought it up with my doctor though he had me against anything than an in case of with my . so i knew i would be on my own . i was lying there all this excitement and nervousness going through my mind . the dark haired nurse came and was my vitals again which was . i thought the blonde nurse had just done that . i m going to draw some blood honey . there just be a little pinch . . what s it for ? standard screening . nothing to worry about . here we go two more done . the blonde nurse was back . she stuck something in my ear . what s that for ? i . just . i figured it was a digital thermometer but found it odd considering the ear t been common in . the dark haired nurse was now taking my pulse by hand two on my wrist . i remember thinking that was strange too i had one of those little on my other hand . now the blonde was tapping my belly rhythmically with a tongue depressor . i knew that something very odd was going on . what are you doing ? i concerned . my hand . it s honey . they know what they re doing . now the dark haired nurse was a blood pressure cuff around my ankle . i up to see a doctor walking in dressed in surgical . he abnormally tall probably or more . he from behind his surgical mask . the blonde poked me with something sharp and i down to see that she was drawing blood from between my into a huge syringe . what the hell are you doing ? i at her . that ! you could at least warn me ! the doctor gave me a pat on the arm in a condescending way . hold tight it s all just standard procedure . he then up my shirt to expose my swollen belly and running an wand coated in cold lubricant over my skin . he down hard and a contraction came at the same time . i my teeth and at him . why are you doing that now ? is there something wrong ? he t respond just kept moving that wand around . i s hand harder . it s a shame really the blonde nurse . she was now tapping my thigh with that damned tongue depressor again . what s a shame ? i . nobody was explaining anything to me . suddenly stood up wrenched his hand out of mine and gave me a disgusted look . i you he spat and out of the room . as he left the dimmed . rob come back ! what the hell is going on ? the two were now holding what like bamboo and the tall doctor was slapping that cold wet wand against my belly . he at me with disapproval . we re going to have to take the baby away from you he said . the poking me with those sharp in random across my chest . the blonde one to be on my clavicle . stop it ! i . that ! we have to do it the dark haired one said . it s part of the procedure the one added . the both kept jabbing harder and harder . i tried to lift my arms to stop them but something was holding my arms down . i and discovered that i d been put in heavy plastic . you been an awful terrible mother the doctor accused . the baby s in danger . i was so careful ! i . i t do anything that could harm the baby ! we have to do this the blonde said . we have to let the air out of you . with that she jabbed the skewer hard into my breast and i to deflate like a balloon . i down to see my body shrinking away . and stood out on . soon i was a loose bag of skin and with a huge mound of a stomach . i tried to scream in agony but my came up empty . it finally got through to me i was a seizure . of course i was . i t had one this detailed and elaborate in a long time . the realization that i was about to give birth like this the very worst case scenario made me start sobbing . in real life was probably still holding my hand watching me drool and twitch while the decided what to do next . they would probably have to sedate me do a . i was going to miss the birth of my child . the absurdly tall doctor now eight tall and his were shining like two on a highway at night . the rest of his shape lost all definition like a vague black human shaped blob . he down into my and suddenly everything was bright . i saw a huge circular opening descending towards me lined with triangular teeth in after like the mouth of a shark . i that the creature was about to swallow me in one bite and i tried to struggle but was so weak i could barely move . i up into that horrible mouth and saw the of teeth over and over into a tunnel that to stretch on to infinity . after that nothing for a very very long time . i d never experienced a sleep that deep . i remember a few that felt like surfacing from a deep ocean . i d and . i felt dry soft cloth on my skin . i submerged again . then i was there . i felt my open painfully slow . there was a shaft of light coming into the hospital room and i could feel its warmth . i squinted into the bright light . was there . he my hand . i back feebly . i came back slowly . it was about half an hour before i could speak . rob just watched me with of joy the in that i was approaching wakefulness . baby ? i . my first word since coming back . he puzzled . i d never him that as a pet name . what baby ? that was when the real nightmare . i everything before the coma clearly the morning sickness the pregnancy test the long about keeping the baby the many with both for my health and the baby s . going into labour at am . driving to the hospital . waiting on the bed for the to get closer then the seizure . but it differently . t remember any baby at all . the night i remember going into labour he going to a party . he d stayed sober to drive us home . however another driver on the road t and at am the accident and i d my head and went into a coma . there s no way the pregnancy t happen . i m sure of it . how could i have it all up ? i remember the swollen the the the . the annoying thinking my fertility was an invitation to touch my aching body . nine of supposedly . my gyn had me through so much of it but now she she t remember any of it . i d she check me for that i d been pregnant and she swore there were none . was at his wit s end . he tried to get me to a psychologist . he tried to convince my neurologist that something was wrong with me . i suppose there must be something wrong with me . how can i be the only person who this ? i don t think my memory is wrong i think everyone else is it wrong this time . my baby must be out there somewhere . the night shift . i work from to am as a custodian for a large bank headquarters . one i ' d rather not say but its in michigan in a pretty open area . there are no other nearby and its connected to a curved road leading to the highway . every shift i drive up to the parking lot hit my weed pen a couple times and go in . for break around i go back to my car and its straight to the pen and i open my cooler to eat lunch . weed just the job easier . but now no amount of weed could help me escape this . recently there have been of of the bank going missing . the front desk lady jasmine was the one who told me . i ' m the only custodian there for until comes in for his graveyard shift and she with me frequently . i feel bad for even though i clean most of the building and he basically around in the room on the computer for at a time . it ' s still desolate in there and i ' d be going if i were him . regardless of that during the course of time throughout the of people going missing told me he to quit now . when i why he just went pale and said he just ' t feel comfortable here . needless to say he quit just days ago and now my are from to am . great . anyways the following day i woke with a sinking feeling in my chest . as i am the only janitor there now . my boss only me through my phone . i haven ' t seen her in but she still my so that ' s good . . right ? during the shift i several of the bank were absolutely shaken . one woman kept looking over her shoulder and into a plant causing it to fall over and i had to clean it . " oh my god i ' m so sorry ! here let me help y . " i politely interrupted her . " no no it ' s ! this is my job ! " i tried to be as cheerful as i could . " hey . . is there something wrong ? i mean . . i know of the situation but you seem like there ' s something very wrong . " i . her and i could see sweat on her forehead . she in closer to me then whispered with intensity . " you need to get out of here while you can . this place is just wrong . that ' s what ' s wrong ! " i with a confused look and she just and away . now i don ' t know about you but that me . what did she mean by that ? the next day is how i found out what she meant . it was around am when i to hear a noise coming from the leading to the lower . why a bank two lower is what always crossed my mind . i remember specifically being told that the elevator ' t go all the way down to the nd level . . but i don ' t need to bother with that area . i found out what was down there . once i everyone leaving at i decided to go down . the to be human and sometimes i ' d hear . i got to the first basement level and everything fine . it was just a dark open area with a bunch of tables and probably all the they don ' t use but have nowhere to put them . it was when i got to the nd basement level where i decided that i need a new job or to call the . the door at the bottom of the staircase was chained with a padlock . i " is . . is anyone in there ? " no response . " hello ? i can hear you in there . " i tried again . for a moment there was no then i longer and nothing . as soon as i turned around to head back up . there was a voice on the other side of the door . " is . . is anyone in there ? " i turned around . the voice and like they help . it was a low voice she had to have been at least . " hold on ! i ' m going to open the door ! " i and through my to see if i can find the according key that fit the lock . i kept trying to plunge random into the padlock with no avail . " hold on ! i ' m going to open the door ! " the voice . i backed away in horror . the voice was not from a woman . it was mine . as if the person was trying to copy me but it was eerily similar to my voice . i kept staring at this door quickly realizing that there was a reason the door was chained . " let me out ! " i then a wet splash hit the floor from the other side . i down at the door and blood was from underneath . long bony were slowly coming out from under the door . i and the ran up those my supervisor frantically telling her there is something wrong here and clocked out . i the police in my car and informed them of the blood they took my and said they would send people . eventually two squad up and i told them what . they if i could lead them to the area and i did . the blood was gone . as well as the . my heart sank to my stomach and the told me i was lucky i ' m just a and they figured i got from being there at night for so long and left . i ' t care . i ' m not going back in there . i my supervisor and quit right there . they could send someone else to deal with that . i sped home and ' t even care about the but i wish i took more care in those or something . . because right now . . theres a person outside my door . they keep the in my voice " is . . is someone there ? " " hold on ! i ' m going to open the door ! " i had the on and the girl that into the plant was now missing . i am thinking about calling the police again but what are they going to do ? is this thing going to be standing there when they come ? will they even come at all ? i haven ' t to look through the peephole yet but . . whatever this thing is it said and did something that made my chest sink . first it spoke . " hey . i ' m alright just let me in . " it ' t that old voice . or mine . it was . what is this thing ? i then the distinct sound of jingling . then in a low warbling voice it said . . " i ' m out . please . open the door . " before i get in the situation i am in now i guess you need some so you understand what ' s happening so let me take you back when i turned when this hell . " big day tomorrow huh buddy ? said my dad while taking a sip of his hot morning coffee . well not really i ' m just turning not dad . i said with a chuckle . well you are right but don ' t forget about it . said dad this time giving me a cold glare . this was unusual of him since he is usually a very warm person . right . i said my smile now fading . " now you probably think what does it mean ? well this been going on for more that my dad could count . when a male of this family turns they are given a list of they need to follow until they turn . why at and only till ? i don ' t know but it is definitely weird . also i ' t know what if you break one of the since nobody from my bloodline did before but soon enough i ' find out since well . today i broke one of the after of following them i broke one and after i broke it strange stuff to happen this event is already one week old but lately it ' s getting worse so i ' m writing this as something to be by in case anything to me . " well you should be getting ready for school since the bus is almost here . dad was now so concentrated on looking at me like he remember my every detail that he accidentally his coffee when he tried to grab the cup . everything alright ? i said now a little worried . yeah it ' s fine i ' clean this up before your home you know how she is . he said already reaching for the mop . and also i need to talk to you about it when you get home . alright well i ' be on my way . i said as i headed for the door . " that day we had a science project to do an volcano that i of course with the help of my dad . but the rest of the day was pretty boring and tiring . i ' t get any homework luckily since the felt good today . when i got home at i went straight to the kitchen i was hungry and myself some with of course i the a little i was still getting the gist of cooking . after i ate i went to my room and watched a few and some on my console . then evening rolled around . i my dad knocking on the door " you got any spare time buddy ? my dad in his usual warm voice but there was a little worry in his tone . yeah dad you can come in . i said knowing what he to talk about . you should clean this place a little . he as he took a quick look around . yeah you ' re not wrong . i said through a chuckle . let me guess it ? it . said my dad now looking more serious than i ever saw him . in general he was a pretty laid back dude . well tell me then . you know all about the history of this list correct ? think so . i said doubtfully . even about the one who cursed us with it and why right ? said my dad with an eyebrow raised . ? i don ' t know the reason or the person who is behind all this . right . said my dad beginning the " great " history . back in the something can ' t remember the exact date but it was around that time a member of the family we related to our family you get what i ' m trying to say was a well known thief . he was known to steal everything he could get his on jewelry food clothes and get away since he was just very agile and with good stamina . well this thief up big time one day . this like a bedtime story . i spoke with a wide smile almost a laughter . let me finish . said my dad now becoming a little angry since i ' t taking this seriously . right sorry dad . as i was saying he up . he found out that in the nearby lived an old lady who just quiet time to herself away from all the noise in the town . she had a weird amount of jewelry in her house for some reason . he knew this and decided to rob her in the nighttime following the next day . next day came and day turned to night and he . he in a hurry took everything he could carry gold and iron with small on top gold and everything . and ran away undetected . . . or so he thought . the next day came around and he went through town proudly telling his what he had done the previous night . his froze as they everything dude you up . yeah man you are dead . what are you talking about ? it ' s just an old lady what can she possibly do walk after me ? said the thief laughing hysterically . that lady you imbecile is a witch and what you stole was her private collection some of them by herself . that old ass ? a witch ? you must be me that gram ' ma can barely walk no way she ' s a witch . sleep with one eye open friend sleep with one eye open . said one of his starting to walk away along with the . yeah right whatever . and he went on his way to sell the stolen goods to a guy he knew . dad how do you know the exact dialogue if it of ago ? i him still convinced he was just trying to scare me . well it been down from generation to generation and finally to us no way i ' t know it since so many of this family said the same thing . now may i ? sure go on . i was now skeptical about this being fake or not . when he his so " contact " he also him from where he got all this gold and jewelry since it was the and it was extremely rare to even get a ring . when he told the guy the story his face went pale . he immediately told him to get out of the shop and never to come back . fine man i ' leave but it ' s your loss . only thing i ' m loosing is a stupid customer . said the shopkeeper while throwing his fist up in angry fashion . they boy went home his were still away trying to sell and other and bread to make a penny so they could live another day so he his . her under the bed . it was p . m and he was tired from all the running around and decided to go to bed . that was the last day he was ever seen again . when the next day came he was not in his bed the underside of the bed was empty as well . his were . they also learned that the shop keeper went missing along with all of his he came in contact to that day . the found out from a friend of his that he stole from the old witch and immediately stopped looking for him since they knew what she can do and will do if she is disturbed . they their son ' s death until they . nobody what went down that night but ever since that day all the male from every generation have received a list of at fifteen . some said that that ' s her way of making sure that the are responsible other ' s say it ' s her way of revenge nobody . but why do only male get the ? i my dad he ' t have an answer but the way he at me told me he had one . well because are known to be more of a rule than plus the that stole from here was male so it sense . he said to me i understood . and i did . so please he added when you get the list tomorrow follow every rule from there even if some sound absurd or ridiculous ? he with fine i will . thank you . now get to bed it ' s getting pretty late your and i have a big surprise prepared for you . said my dad while he my forehead . alright thank you for telling me the history of the list . sleep well . he added as he was already the door of my room . " alright now that you are caught up with everything let me tell you the and which one i broke . " when i woke up the morning after that day on my there was a yellow sheet of paper . the paper old and like it was from a book written of ago . the of the paper had a wave like model . the writing was red and upon closer inspection it like dried blood . i decided to read it after i eat i think better with my stomach full . when i went to the kitchen my were already for me with freshly made my . as i sat down my mother brought me my glass of milk and my dad spoke up . did the appear ? appear ? i said confused don ' t you write them ? my at each other for a second and turned back to me my mother continued . i am afraid not honey . the list just in your room when you turn . well that ' s weird . yeah said my dad did you read them ? not yet why ? put the fork down said my dad still as serious as when i the room . now i can ' t even eat ? i said . you can continued my but on the list of there may be a routine before your breakfast . you have to be me i said as i threw my up . wait here . i ' grab it for you and you will read it with us . said my dad heading for my room . great i ironically more to myself . what if i don ' t follow the stupid i more to myself now becoming but my me . honey we don ' t know ? we just want the best for you and you know that . yeah whatever . as i finished saying this my dad came back . here now read it . . rule before you leave the house open all the and leave them open until you come home no matter how cold outside is or who with you . rule throughout the day you will hear people calling you do not turn to the but if you do run in a building and stay there for then leave and hurry to the place you want to get to . rule at exactly p . m go on the street and toss a coin to the old man sitting in the corner . he will always be there waiting for you . after you toss him the coin just turn around and leave . do not talk to him . rule if in the middle of the day the sun bright say " oh lord thank you for the light " . rule make sure you get home before p . m when you enter the house there might be a strange smell if there is one go to the bathroom fast and say to the mirror " you are not leave . " and after make sure to close the as fast as possible if the smell is not present then just close the . rule do not eat anything after p . m and you are to drink only tap water from that hour until a . m . rule if you wake up at any time during the night and in the corner of your room there is a shadow than the night close your tight and don ' t move it if you watch him . stay like this until you feel the presence left then go back to sleep . rule when you wake up in the morning make sure there is nothing out of place in your room if there is make sure you fix it before you do anything else . is that it ? my dad . yes this is all there is . strange usually of this family get each . well maybe i the curse is fading . yeah maybe said my dad . now go to your room and look if anything is out of place . oh yeah right . i ' be back . i went to my room to check for anything strange i checked in detail but there was nothing disturbed so i returned to the kitchen . anything out of place honey ? my sounding a little worried . nope everything is fine . i said satisfied that i can finally eat my breakfast . after i ate my breakfast my me in the living room . as we said buddy your and i got you a gift . said my dad for me to follow them . as i came closer to the gift i saw it was a pretty big box . i it and shook it to see if anything and to see if it was heavy . the box was not that heavy but it definitely had something big in it . well are you open it or keep shaking it til " you make a ? said my dad with a chuckle . i the box and what i saw inside brighten up my whole day forgetting for a second about the . inside the box was the console i since i was an along with some for it . i put the box to the ground and went to hug my tightly and them deeply . now don ' t get ahead of yourself . you can play it after your homework and learning is done . and only until p . ' s no problem for me . i said still very happy . now honey added my you should be heading to school so you won ' t be late . yeah i should . i continued as i went to grab my . and buddy dad for me grab the list too so you make sure you don ' t break the . got it dad thank you . " since that day up until now i had the like they were the . each day making sure i ' t break one . well that a week ago when i finally decided to buy a house and move out . i have been saving money since i was working where i could . the house was pretty far away from my but it was close to the university i got accepted in . so i said my final got in my car and drove to my new house . it ' t long before i broke a rule after i got everything bought bed and the rest of the furniture . of course i ' t forget to buy a nice mirror for the bathroom in case the smell comes around . i have done this in a total of a month right after this i broke the window rule . let me explain . i woke up one morning to find out i slept more than i should ' i was supposed to get up at a . m but slept at a . m and my shift at . i got back checked for any in my room and went to eat . after i ate i washed myself and got dressed . in my haze i had forgotten to open the damn . my day at work was . . . weird to say the least . out of the of my vision i could see dancing in a ritual way but when i turned to face them there was just the boring normal world no except for the of imminent and people . but it got . remember the " if you hear " rule ? well i never any . . . until this day . worse is that they were coming from the who lived on the of my . they were faint but raspy some i could understand " come here don ' t be afraid " and " embrace us c ' mon now nothing to be afraid of " but other ' s like random . i thought i was go insane . the more alarmed and the plenty the more i went through the day . one specific one caught my eye " you should ' your window " i whispering to myself " what what does . . . . " as i go halfway through the sentence it in my morning haze and sleepiness i forgot to open the . i to get home maybe if i open them now it will fix this problem . i ' m lucky my boss and i got along well and he let me off early . i got home and when i my house i ' t believe it my furniture was turned upside down some glasses were on the floor sitting there broken in of tiny like a puzzle hell my whole life was becoming a puzzle . i ' t bother cleaning the mess up i went and all the and no there was no smell this time how lucky am i right ? but the never stopped even as i ' m writing this they won ' t stop and the they say to me make me question insanity sometimes they begin yelling " it ' s your fault it ' s your fault it ' s your fault " over and over again . once i broke down and said " shut the up shut up shut up " they stopped . . . for a second then they laughing hysterically and maniacally . i ' t sleep i more tired and drinking this all last week as i said above i picked the drinking a few days ago but they are still going . please if someone what ' s going on please help me please . it all ago after i went down to explore dad ' s laboratory without his permission . i remember being at all the odd looking on sleek steel tables . the weird little were flashing colored and making jarring unnecessary . quickly i was taking everything in . i knew i ' t stay long dad would probably be back from the store soon . i just ' t hold back my curiosity . he was definitely working on something exciting . i could always tell based on the near manic look in his . i stopped at one particular invention of his which like a microwave at all the buttons and indecipherable on them . hastily i one of the buttons which had a small sphere in the center with other smaller around it . there was a sound then it high and i had to cover my . the light inside turned into a blinding white . dad woke me at some point that angry hawkish face staring down at me . " son . . . i hope you ' t mess with the inter dimensional orbit . . . thing " he said . that was my dad alright . he ' d come up with all of these peculiar yet barely had for them . he me upstairs and i was still dizzy and mildly confused after seeing the white light from the orbit " microwave . " i thinking i should tell my dad to use that name than then one he came up with . the next day i ' t even go to school . why ? were around me mostly metal . silverware electronics all of it . i had to stay in my room and lock the door . i ' d hear the constant thudding of the " wanting " to get in . dad ' t have any idea what to do and neither did i . the only thing which made the stop around me was when night finally came . i was at a loss to explain why but dad sort of and at the dinner table . he ' d made with . simple cuisine he learned how to master while exploring scientific . " let me guess you have a theory " i said to dad poking the with my fork . he again that slow slightly creepy smile spreading across his . it usually meant it on him he something . " c ' mon dad tell me ! " i said almost down the fork . " well it ' s an inter dimensional orbit . . . thing " he to say . " orbit microwave " i corrected . dad . " either way your haven ' t with nightfall . it ' s merely that their orientation . " i ' t get what dad meant until later that night . somehow despite the from that day i to fall asleep . in my i was being by some demonic spirit . through the house and . . . i woke up . suddenly my ' t my own . they the off of me put my on the shoulder . me down the and out the back door . something me in the something silvery grey with piercing red . its were exaggerated like a shadow but i knew it was much more than that . then it to orbit around me . i tried going back into the house but the demonic ghost kept going in around me whispering my name and every time those went by me i just had to look at them . dad was eventually " up " by the ghostly moaning and quickly took me down to the basement . said he ' t been sleeping at all but trying to figure out a way to stop the phenomenon . the ghost continued to slowly spin around me reaching out to me with one long crooked arm and calling my name . dad had me in front of the orbit microwave and he was to a small with . eventually he hit a series of buttons and the ghost slowly faded spinning in dread inspiring . the piercing red were the last to " fade " and i finally let out a relieved sigh . now my dad mostly forgotten about that night . he he the problem and after a problem is supposedly irrelevant dad about it . but i still have the problem . not with silverware or with electronics but with the demonic red eyed ghost which wakes me spinning and calling my name . i don ' t want to tell dad because i don ' t think there ' s going to be a way to reverse what i did that day . malicious are and orbit around me . it only at night for some reason and i think the solution to this horrific problem won ' t be found in his scientific journal . x go ! colt and i our our to the hole as the beer out . s were a half second too slow and his shirt the . rookie mistake . i the drink a good five before with colt finishing up a few after him . it s not fair you ! colt . the always . we were sitting in the back of s f . it was more rust than truck these days but it always got the job done . we had some amazing in that thing . oh quit making and take your shot i said as i handed him the bottle of fireball . i as colt his shot and . . . . ! we best be going before it s too . um . dark hopped off the truck staggering towards the . the sun was setting a beautiful blood red orange . the rest of us suit . every summer the town of a pop up shop for at the local market . it s a week long event that the soccer in every family across the county . the gravel lot was with people two of all the way to the fence line . we our way through the . it was the typical crap on display homemade and colorful and the occasional honey booth . . colt had what like the skull of a chimpanzee and was rolling it around in the palm of his . and i instantly towards this vendor . you break it you buy it chaps . the man was dressed in a brown tweed blazer and a black hat . a middle aged man with a th century style . it was rare to see in this neck of the . colt you idiot ! . colt guiltily put the skull down . no at all . you look like you had some fun tonight . he . he had this distinguished charm about him . take a look around . you won ' t find like this anywhere in the world . the name s . griff if you have any . he was right his collection was eclectic to say the least . an array of were laid across the table filled with and ancient from various and from different of floating that i had never seen before . i over at a bewildered colt and whose were wide open . it was a creepy collection indeed . um . . . how did you get these ? as he a jar that . griff caught . he shook his head and the object back on the table . i am a traveler of a collector really . i have a passion for . i was on passing through this town actually until i saw the flyer for this event . he brushed his auburn hair behind his and towards me . that one ' s a real beauty ' t it ? i was this peculiar box in the front row . i can t describe what exactly me to the item . i admired the careful delicate of the design . it was an immaculate gold and it carried a smell of tobacco and incense that i had never before . this is a cigarette case in the peninsula . over old . one of a kind . it would be a great addition to your bong shelf colt . i as i him in the arm . how much for it ? . griff as he his . really hard to put a price on this one . another pause as he paced a few . i guess i could part ways with it for . " i . i tried to count in my head what i had to offer . my hand fished inside my pocket a stick of gum two crumpled s in my wallet and some lint . dam i wish we bought less booze i thought . i the aside . there s no way he s serious . . ? colt whispered to our group . that ' s bloody robbery ! agreed . how much do you have ? can i borrow ? i swear i pay you back . put a in the pot and colt had two s and a . a grand total of . maybe we can pass that gum off as vintage colt . we broke from the huddle . sir and not a penny more ! i the money on the table for dramatic effect . colt and . . griff was not laughing though . he stood there in silence absorbing the low ball offer . he slowly the cash but instead of reaching for the item on the table he into his suitcase and handed me something else . all final . he and then towards us . now get the out of here now ! his calm demeanor into nastiness . the crowd of people to stare just as he to lunge in our direction . we booked it through the the world still spinning . my heart was racing as we finally made it to the truck . out of breath we nervously to laugh . three drunk rolling around on the gravel . we spotted our friend mary in the parking lot who to drop us off at my apartment to crash . on the ride home i the item i had . it was definitely a lower quality product than the box that was but it was still a cigarette case nonetheless . the main difference was in the material . this model was not gold but a brass veneer . it was also filthy with the outer layer beginning to corrode along the but the intricate pattern was very similar . and i carry colt up the of the apartment . after colt hit the sofa for the washroom and made that place home for the night . i headed to my bedroom with my trusty bong and the box . i took a hit and laid on my bed settling in for the night . as the the i the box from side to side . i that something was rattling around within its . i took a t shirt from the floor and the black dust off the surface . that s when i that it was locked . i to myself i guess the key must have been an extra charge . searching the room i found a card ejector pin and with the lock . an hour when finally it open . inside a pipe made of wood and a long piece of parchment paper . it was rolled up writing in script . i put the paper to the side and the pipe . i wasted no time my weed from the dresser . the high was unlike anything i had experienced before . my head pounding as i all of the people that had used this pipe over the . the taking on different around the room . but that t the thing i sat up and that the smoke coming out of the pipe was a dark black . the smoke was around the room and molding itself into a figure . then it . at last ! thank you good sir ! you have made quite a deal i can assure you that . what are you ? get away ! i as i crept back as far as i could to the back wall . sorry how rude of me . my name is . you have me sir freeing me from my . there is nothing to be afraid of . if anything you should be excited . you wield incredible power now . i pinched myself as hard as i could . what a terrible trip . this was clearly some sort of demon . it s the head of a goat and the body of a gorilla . shrouded in smoke it s head almost touched the ceiling as it closer . well i summon you back to where you came from . that is my wish . in laughter . that is a good one sir . but that is not how this works . allow me to explain you have me and in return a series of have unfolded . you have a big decision to make that i have the power to fulfill . so you ' re a genie then ? i thought i could wish for anything ? no unfortunately that is not how this works either . this contract a narrower scope . pending my release you are the authority of a replacement for my imprisonment . imprisonment ? ! precisely . this individual will take my place within the of the pipe and box . these are magically bound together . choose wisely . they will remain immortal until their . and if i don t select anyone ? you become the replacement . this was absurd . i kept pinching myself harder to no avail . the worst nightmare i ever had . this is you are lying . i ensure you i am not . if you want proof take a look for your . i froze in terror . colt ! ! i rushed out of the room no one was on the sofa . i turned quickly to the washroom it was empty . they had completely . i whipped out my phone and both of them . straight to . bring them back . this is not funny . nothing to worry about honestly . they are being in trust pending my release . what the does that even mean ? did you not read any of the agreement ? pointed to the piece of parchment lying on my bed . i t have a lot of reading material . they are being in the in between the transit area between the living and the dead . they are completely safe . i them as collateral in case you t follow through . call it extra incentive to find my replacement . i am well within my as they were to the sale but not the summoner . it is all in there . smugly . i to catch my breath and take this all in . anger boiled up deep inside my chest . well i choose . griff the bastard who sold me this forsaken box . . that is an excellent choice . unfortunately . griff is not eligible . and there would be no feeling than to send that man to his doom . what do you mean not eligible ! ? that is my selection ! your selection must be human . . griff does not fit that criteria . he is an otherworldly . an inter dimensional swindler . he is the one who me into confinement for all of these . i rubbed my forehead in exhaustion . this no sense at all . with all do respect sir you need to look at this with a different perspective . have you ever to hurt someone so deeply for the that they have against you ? most people never get to taste sweet revenge . this is so much bigger than wishing death upon someone . you have a great opportunity here do not squander this . the darkness of those branded itself deeply into my soul . sure i a ton of people throughout my life . i have about hurting those hell even killing a few of them if i ' m being completely honest . but there is a huge difference between and acting upon dark . to be potentially for eternity i can t imagine what you would have to do to deserve such a fate . i sat in shock feeling guilty for colt and s . they had nothing to do with this mess . it was supposed to be a fun night off with my . now i face the decision of my life with theirs weighing in the balance . as per the agreement you have . pleasure doing business with you . when you are young you re what you want to be when you grow up . some people will say policeman or a fireman and they can pursue those . other will say that they want to be a superhero or a knight or something outlandish however they manage to go ahead and find a path towards something they enjoy . and then there were like myself who said that they to be an astronaut . sure some say that and then come up with another idea shortly afterwards . unfortunately for me i was too stubborn . god bless my as they to encourage me and i can remember this as i was around old . we lived in the great state of in a small town and we t that far from the space center . i can remember driving down to either the center or some of the small that were around to watch the of various and of course the space shuttle in the early s . however something in the late s that my interest in the space program . part of it had to be with school as i was getting ready to get into high school however the other part had to be when i had gotten my first computer . it was a commodore and believe me when i tell you i had gotten lost in the that were coming out for this machine . i still remember the print saying that this was more than a gaming console . if that was the case then why were some of the best for the time on the commodore ? i still think these were put out to make mommy and daddy buy the computer and to tell them look ! it can do more than play . heck i even remember the bard ' s tale on this machine when i was home from school for some reason . the television was in the background as they covered another shuttle launch . however t pan out so well for the ill fated challenger mission . i don t think i even watched more than a few as the nation watched in horror as the of the challenger crew were out . as time i on by in my and went from grade to grade without any difficulty . i had to start thinking about what college to attend if i to go and all the that came along with it . part of me to join the military however my father that idea outright saying he would disown me if i up . the reason behind that is when he lived in during the war he had up to enlist . however his along with the intervention of some priest to get him a cushy assignment on governor ' s island . he had spent his tour of duty not far from his house and working as an accountant carving out a great life for himself and his family . one story i fondly remember was a officer trying to muscle past my father and the officer was dressed as a civilian . he told this man to show him his and sign the log book and he had to do so . as this officer put a foot on the bottom step my father out his and said sir ! if you do not come back here and sign in i will shoot you . grumbling the man came back and him his badge a general no less and he in . he was for doing a great job the next day by his superior . sitting down at the dining room table i the for my college application . one of the was to write an essay about an interesting person that you had met . i was sixteen old had never left the state of and never really hung out with more than the same six that i had since grade school . my at the mess and told me to clear the table for dinner . when she saw the look on my face she me what was up . do we have anyone interesting in our family ? i mean i know you done as well as dad but i need a great idea for this piece for my college application . why not try your uncle ? he s not far from here and he s always home . give him a call up the rotary phone i his number and at first it just rang and rang . when i was about to up i the click of the receiver as someone had picked up . h lo ? a voice yeah this is your nephew . i was that you could help me with something for college ? . . come by t morrow about noon . don t come early y hear ? i won t and thank you for click out a sigh part of me if this was a big mistake . getting a good night ' s sleep along with a good breakfast curb some of that doubt . however before eleven o clock the doubt and fear . shaking my head to clear it and the for this interview which were a notebook and a recorder and i was ready for the day . the address my uncle had given me led me to a property that t far from the railroad . to say that this place was unkempt was an understatement as you t tell where the lawn ended and the surrounding vegetation . a few the front yard and it was a miracle this man t been for these . even laying my bike in the tall grass you t even tell that it was there . making my way up the barely visible walkway to the front door the house almost like an abandoned derelict . the front were up the white paint peeling from the wood and the security gate over the front door was a dull black . part of me to run away and forget about this whole assignment and from scratch . however curiosity as well as a need to get this assignment done won out in the end as i loudly . the door flew open and a wild eyed man in his early s the door . he was dressed in a t shirt jeans and was completely barefoot . a baseball bat that had various and on it he at me ready to swing . then he visibly relaxed as he me and about the interview we had about just yesterday . o oh . . it s you . sorry i t mean to scare you please come on in . trembling i had to wonder if this was a great idea and part of me to go home and play on my computer . however this had to get done in order for me to get into a good college so i him inside . light in from between the as my nose was by a myriad of . the most prevalent were the scent of cheap beer and stale sweat as this place t need a cleaning . it to be condemned . the floor was barely visible with all the debris that was scattered about . from from to assorted from fast and other this place could use a squad of to clean up the place . i could also see the kitchen as we by as the pile of dirty that were in the sink some with food stuck to them still . around this feast as they on food on the and table . he led me to a spare room where it than the rest of the house as the carpet could be seen . the room was sparsely furnished with a small card table and and this room smelled cleaner than the rest of the house . my uncle me to go inside and closed the door after us . sorry about the mess . he it s the day off . i and laid out my on the setting up the recorder as he at me suspiciously . oh this is to help me with my for my essay . he at the tape recorder as he and you destroy it after you re done ? of course the tape was never . it sat in a drawer long forgotten as fate would put it back in my twenty later . i want to play this tape for you and you can come to your own as if he was truthful or not . i out some of the information so it cannot be tracked back to him . i am also going to add some that don t come across the audio recording such as facial or body language . please state your name for the report . my name is and you re doing this report for a college application correct ? that s correct and the subject was to interview an interesting person so tell me about yourself . he wistful as if a memory from his past . when i was young like you the only thing that made me happy was about flying . other used to ask me what are you going to be when you re older and i said a superhero without missing a beat . that would usually get from the other as part of me thought they were real . it was a harsh lesson to learn so instead i decided to focus on my to get into the armed . his face turned to a scowl after i went into the armed and up to be in the air force . other thought they had it made as they had their dad s legacy to carry out . me ? i was on my own and had to work twice as hard to get my butt in that cockpit . pushing myself harder than ever before i to secure a spot in the rd . the rd ? the rd tactical fighter wing flying one of the best aircraft known to man at the time . i was an eagle driver and there was nothing that machine t do . this was a fighter that could do both air to air combat as well as ground support and anything in between . however this conflict if you can even call it that instead of . hell i t even fire a shot as we were sent in to cover our on the ground . after the time spent over one of my to recommend me for a special project . a new type of aircraft was being and it was my job to put it through its . y ever hear of the x ? i shook my head no . pity . this aircraft was than honey as it could maneuver around the f . it had a fly by wire system that meant the computer pilot the aircraft . it was that complicated and only a handful of could manage to fly her . day after day it was put through test after test and where other i to succeed . so much in fact this guy met me on the tarmac and told me he was from . wait . ? they to train you to . . . . be an astronaut ? he finished yep ! two later i was put into an accelerated training program to learn how to fly the space shuttle . days to meld together as the routine would be wake up do exercise eat and then spend countless in a simulator . that was my entire world for over a year no no vacation no nothing . after two of training they to train me to do an . you have of that right ? i . now before the mission i was on all of the s were to the shuttle . meaning the pilot had to be close to whatever was worked on . that was a pain in the ass for both pilot and the sucker doing the . however i was being trained on their new unit but not in space as it was at the center in . they d put us in a pool for on end and we d train on how to maneuver in space and work with . it was fun actually . after a year or so they told me in three my first mission would be up . it was and i can remember the launch date was and the reason that this was so hush hush is it was for the department of defense . we what the was and we were simply told don t ask . day of the launch and i am as jittery as a going for his first driving test . i checked an every system at least three times and i was the pilot . the skies were so blue it was something out of a beach movie and not even a stiff breeze . control it optimal launch and at little after am we were go for launch . i cannot even begin to explain what it ' s like to be into space . have you ever been on an express elevator ? i shook my head no . then there s no way i can describe what it s like to be into space . yer are in your everything is shaking as you are out of this atmosphere . after around eight or so you re in orbit and you can feel your butt leave the seat . it s a feeling let me tell you as you knew you were in space . all i could do was nod . when you can see the curvature of the earth and a few at a single glance you are left in awe . we only spent around an hour or so in orbit before we had gotten into position to release our . i up for an that had to be done in order to turn on some of this . what was the ? he stopped for a minute and thought as if how to break the news to a that there t a . this was an experimental platform that to be a deterrent against any against the united either foreign or domestic . i confused but my uncle just at me with a grin . like the star program ? he gave me a stern look but gave me a wink as if to say i cannot confirm or deny that statement . anyway the thing they don t tell you about being in space is how quiet and empty it is . the only thing you hear in your helmet is your own breathing and the communication from the radio . setting up the took roughly an hour or so as i had to run a few diagnostics to make sure this thing was set up correctly . and that s when i saw it out of the corner of my eye . his look clouded for a minute as if trying to remember something . i remember it was a crystal a little bigger than a mack truck with a trailer attached . it t huge but this thing t exactly small . it was completely black and i only caught a glimpse of it as a stray ray of sunlight off it . i was going to contact mission control to tell them what it was however i to see for myself . that was foolish . his head was bowed as if ashamed of something he had done . the i up to this crystal as i t see anything past its reflective surface . i went ahead and touched my glove to the sheer surface . . and . . and ? i out . i was on earth and it was a week later as they had found me floating in space as they had to rescue me . i told them what had and they at me funny as they the from the helmet cam . there t anything out there . my commanding officer said i am not sure what to you but at one point you were working on the and the next you were floating out towards nothing . the crew you multiple times until they had to organize a rescue party to come get you . as he continued to tell the story he even more visibly shaken . after leaving the hospital there was a constant feeling of uneasiness when i was outside . on clear days it was less pronounced however on a cloudy day it was worse . especially where there were that were dark gray and like a rolling sea . my mind would play as if seeing of a giant creature that down on all of us . there were of course constant from and the military and of course i retold the same story over and over . they . . me with a section however they let me keep my pension and gave me enough to buy this piece of property . that along with the stipend i get from the government me here as i don t go outside much . everything is either delivery or off right at my front door . my uncle to sweat as he at me stricken with horror . i did touch something out there . i have no idea what that was but it t ! you have to believe me . say that you believe me . say it . i i b believe you my uncle visibly relaxed after i said that as he in his chair . i i think i need to go lie down . if you could show your way out and close the door that would be great . sweeping all of the into a bag i rushed out of the house my bike and for my life to go back home . my after me how it went and i made up some lie saying that he t home and decided to go for a ride . she well you find someone interesting to write about and you get into college . don t worry about it . i wound up writing about my father and his on governor s island and that to get me into a great school . as time wore on i forgot about the tape and thought that was the end of it as there was a little bit left . i decided to listen towards the end and there were of silence and static . but that t what me and made me just as paranoid as my uncle . what me is the twisted parody of my uncle ' s voice on the end of the tape . and i will play it for you . you may have forgotten us however we haven t forgotten you . we are always here . just beyond your reach . we are always watching . and someday soon we will return to lord over all mankind just like we did of ago . and you cannot will not stop us . mean something slightly different here . well that s mainly a joke we have about the school bus . see none of us drive the bus nor are we to . we can usually drive our own but at no point are we to drive to a school event in our own . especially when there are other to worry about . we are not to car pool with other and we absolutely cannot drive a student anywhere . all travel the school the bus and that bus must be driven by a town driver . i haven t told you much about the town which i m calling because i don t know a lot about it . i do know that it s for about as long as the school . i also know that no one from the school is to cross the town boundary without permission . i only been there once and that s a tale for later . as you can surmise and staff don t live in the town we live on campus . we never had a student from the town nor a teacher . the only people from we regularly see are the delivery people and the bus . i don t know how this arrangement but it s been in place since well before i teaching here . there s a crew of regular bus that we use for school day to local and even the occasional overnight . sometimes we reward the best with a day trip to a nearby town . however at no point does the bus ever pass through . even if it would be faster that never . naturally there are several we have to follow . the most important is that you never lie to the driver . there are other and i get to them but this is the most important . it goes for as well as . close to that rule is this always obey the driver . some of you have been wondering what s been going on with this school since the pandemic . if you think that the virus would be afraid to show up to the school think again . it would love it here but the good news is that we been able to effectively deal with this virus . it t hard to lock down in the spring . we all day and put in for . so the virus never the school in the spring but we knew it would be a different story in the fall . so taking a page from the we a safe bubble . this is where the bus came in . once we left campus we were forbidden to drive back . instead we had to ship our to the school quarantine for two and confirm a negative covid test . once we came to school we d all be there until may . so no thanksgiving or with the family . the only way back to the school was to be picked up by the bus at a time . with so few there were a lot of long all across the state all summer up faculty and staff and then later . my pickup time was at pm and the bus was already half full . thankfully the school for charter so that we t have to endure long on those yellow . plus there would be no for bathroom meaning that if we t have a bus bathroom and had to go our t great . with my belonging already shipped it was just me and an overnight bag . as i stepped outside and locked my door for the last time the person my place t be there until the morning i that the street was silent . the only sound was the slow rumble of the school bus . i up to the bus door which was still closed . i knew well enough not to be impatient . finally the door and the driver stepped off the bus . he was one of our regular and i gave him a polite good evening . he was about six foot six and had long grey hair back on his head . he t say anything but simply put his on the side of my head . have you isolated ? he . yes i told him truthfully . he closed his for a moment and then my head . you are clean . you may board . do not talk to extra . there are more of them than usual . that was another one of the . don t talk to extra . there are that are constantly trying to enter the school . they can t cross the boundary though unless someone them in . kind of like at least the fictional . for these they don t need a literal invitation . they just need someone to talk to them and acknowledge their existence . when that they can cross the boundary . we think they knew that we were going on which is why they were out in force on this trip . i t on the bud for more than five before i a voice next to me say hey . i knew it was one of them because no one was sitting next to me . that s another rule only one person per seat no . while it we usually have to charter extra and it also that it s easier to spot the extra . anyone who to be sitting next to me t there . plus if someone was foolish enough to talk to one of them and make them real it would be very obvious to the driver because he d see two people in a seat . i the voice and eventually it stopped trying to talk to me . i could see someone flicker in and out of my peripheral vision but since it was dark i t see too many . since these can t hurt or even touch you if you ignore them i took out my travel pillow and tried to get some sleep . no one else to be in the mood to talk anyway . i woke up when we got to the next teacher on the list . as i was waking up i again someone trying to talk to me . i the voice and out the window to see the teacher locking up and heading for the bus . it was henry who was new last year . i t know much about him except that he taught history and had his first year . as he the driver i that he t making eye contact and kept glancing back at his house . when we were told to isolate that meant that if we were living with such as or our either we to separate ourselves from them completely or they had to isolate completely too . i learned to spot the nonverbal from who t do the homework and henry had that same look . the bus driver was suddenly several away from the bus and stopped henry in his . he put his on henry s head . have you isolated ? he and it was loud enough for all of us to hear . yeah i mean yeah i was isolated henry said . i t make out what next . there was a blur of motion and henry was lying on his back . the bus door closed and the driver turned to face all of us . he was not clean . the bus away and i knew that we would be down a teacher that year . no one in the school would contradict the bus . it was going to be a hard year already i knew and now we were down a teacher . tough break t it ? i almost before i that it was the usual phantom passenger . no one will speak until i say you may speak the driver told us . apparently i t the only one who a reminder so i decided to ignore the phantom chatterbox and try to get some sleep . he faded away after getting no response and i was able to sleep the night away . the other few without incident because when i woke up it was morning and we were onto the road leading to the school . the phantom passenger made one last effort to get my attention before we crossed the boundary . as soon as we did he was gone and we all could relax and chat openly . even the driver more friendly and actually wished us well by name as we left the bus . you know it s a bad year when being back at this place you feel calm . it took a few more days for the faculty to arrive and there was only one more teacher who t on the bus . then it was the time to arrive . we knew we d lose a few because of not keeping up with quarantine but as it turned out most of the took it pretty seriously . however what none of us was the fact that the were into those . the bus were told to seat the two to a seat . naturally we and the t happy as it would make exponentially more difficult . however when the memo on black paper you don t disobey . to prevent any we the to stop the just inside the boundary . we all were part of the fire that the as they left the bus to make sure that s all who left . these were long days in the august heat because we had to be out there at all time . despite the large canopy and constant supply of water it was not a lot of fun . we t have to worry about thankfully but that was it . most of the of without incident . the knew the drill and the bus and teacher kept order . that said there were two where something was able to slip in . i was there for both . the first time we knew there was a problem when the bus across the boundary came to a stop and t open the . the standard drill is for to be one by one . the teacher chaperone in the aisle traffic while the driver is at the door the final line of defense . this time when the door i could hear the teacher saying no one move while the bus driver for us to come on board . three of us the bus and saw that there was a humanoid creature standing in the aisle . it was over and if it stood up would probably be as tall as the bus . it had long skinny arms and was covered in small of fur across its body . its face vaguely human but it was too wide . i and another teacher slowly the creature . we had cattle and we hoped they would be enough . i t actually sure how much the thing had manifested since it just a touch translucent . the student who had spoken to it had snuck under the bus and was crawling forward . i think doing that confused the creature because it was just looking around . meanwhile the were from the bus one at a time . every student gone was one target . the creature t seem interested in them at all so they were able to move quickly . however when from the bus and for the bus door the creature let out a high screech and rushed towards him . i was standing in the way and jabbed the creature with the cattle prod . it made contact and the creature back . this gave enough time to leave the bus . the creature up and across the roof of the bus rushing towards the door . we jabbed it again with the but this time hit its back . it but kept going . i turned to see down the road towards the school . the creature down on the ground . two who had been the bus with us were able to wrap animal control type around its neck and tighten it . another teacher jabbed its stomach with a cattle prod and the creature its high pitch scream was cut off by the their and dragging it towards a pit we d dug . when the creature was safely out of reach the bus driver the door close and towards the school . i was into a seat and only about what next . the to wrestle it into the pit and the it with lighter fluid . once carefully thrown match set the creature ablaze . what was left quickly into ashes . that went according to plan but the other incursion did not . it was one of the final of and since we were running behind the school hired a few bus . again it was authorized with a black memo so there s nothing we can do . apparently at least one of these new t keeping a close watch on the because otherwise he would have up by keeping the closed . the and we were all glancing down at our when i saw the get tense . i up to see a young student walking away from the bus holding someone s hand . i it a few after the . the boy holding her hand almost human but every step it took it grew taller and its face . it still onto s hand . i m not sure when she what was happening but i into her and she was . the creature s exactly . when it whipped its head back and forth she hers the exact same way . as soon as the thing was off the bus the driver had closed the and all the were now staring . the were on either side of it and the rest of us circled around it . soon it was at its full height and i found out i was wrong . it was a lot taller than the bus . harm me and she said . but it was clearly the creature her to speak . several of us closer but the up their and we stopped . one of the towards the creature and it instinctively back which the other one to put the loop around its neck . immediately choking . her face turning red and then purple . the creature t . it at us and very very wide . i so to hit it with the prod but it would hurt . the first to move was now holding a long serrated knife . the blade was black . the lunged at the creature and meant to cut off the hand holding s breaking the connection . instead the creature in a blur the knife and it into itself . and i saw blood dripping from her shirt . the creature then twisted the knife and it back out . it let go of and she up blood . the on the bus . i hoped the creature as the burned it . t last long . that thing knew exactly what it was doing . i know the medic did everything she could . we sent the bus ahead to the school not wanting the to have to walk past . the rest of that evening was a blur . i know i been at this school ten but i still won t get used to seeing die . none of us blamed ourselves . even the bus driver t really to blame . the problem was we don t really know who to blame or why they this to happen . i haven t really much about the because i barely know they exist at all . most of the time they don t directly interfere in how we run . when they do though they send the black paper and that that . i never get over the fact that s death was preventable . we took every precaution we had a system in place but thanks to someone else s decision we lost a student as soon as she got here . either the the ball and to see that this could happen . or worse they knew exactly what would happen and did it anyway . i don t know what me more . it all on twentieth two thousand nineteen i to hear loud banging on the roof i figured it was just normal animal on the roof stuff until the stench caught my attention . i went up to the attic to check out the smell before my got home and i t find anything . every time i got to the source it into the attic . when my got home with my little sister from school they also the smell i told them about the banging and how every time i got to where i thought the source was it just again . the next night was quiet though i did see some movement outside my window there was more nothing past that for the rest of the night . the stench had also to be as if whatever the cause was had just left without another incident . i my dad about it and he said that he thought the same thing i did and that it was probably just a skunk or something that had left due to lack of food or something . i went back up to the attic to look around again i found a couple of that had up and a small nest made of insulation which just went to prove that it was just some no human would be dumb enough to make bedding from the itchy insulation fluff . the three days till my little sister was excited of course she s only nine so is the most magical day in the entire year according to her psyche . during the night while i was trying to fall asleep just like normal i a scream from her room my were working late at their store like normal so i was the only one other than her in the house . i went downstairs to go see what was wrong i went into her room and saw that she had used a thick blanket to cover the window up then i at her she had gotten at least thirteen different and used them to hide next to her bed . i went to go comfort her and ask what i saw a tall man in the i toward the window and took the blanket off of it i t see anyone or anything and i went to tell her but she t believe me . and so i went to my room got my bowie knife went outside her window and pretended to fight something invisible . i ended the fight by getting in an up position and stabbing the ground like i was finishing something off i then went inside and told her that i it . she was still a little so she slept in my bed while i slept on the ground to the downfall of my neck . two nights till my closed the shop for the so we were just hanging out in the living room board and just good family time which we t have too much of nowadays . we were in the middle of yelling at each other over when we loud on the roof of the house through the snowstorm oh yeah i forgot to say that tonight there was an incredibly strong snowstorm . my dad and i went outside to see where the noise came from we went to the roof and t see anything not even in the snow to see if something was there we went down and then back inside . we went back to and almost completely forgot about the incident as we start to yell at each other but this time over monopoly . it was the morning of twenty fourth and i was up by the loud noise of shattering glass and screaming from my parent s room . instinctively under my bed i a bunch of clothes and such in front of me and some of my rolling drawers under my bed in front of me as well for extra protection . i my sister to see if she was alright she t text me back for a few when i was about to sneak down to her room to check on her when the door to my room burst open and i stopped my small barrier . in came a tall naked man covered in what to be thin white hair which the top of his head and the broad part of his chest he threw my and dad in the room with a great amount of force . the creature around the room most likely seeing why i t in the room my dad piped up where s my quickly at him and said went to a house remember my dad getting what she was saying said oh yeah i forgot . they were trying to protect by making whatever was trying to kill them and i was thankful for it then my phone i had already put it on silent so there was almost no noise so no one got to my presence . the ping was a text back from my sister she said that she was outside her window she had the loud noise and out she had tried to call the police but the signal t go through and that she could only manage to text me just now . she said she was about to go back through the window inside before i could finish to tell her to stop i the noise of broken glass from her room . the beast turned its head fast enough to cause a normal human whiplash and broke into a sprint later a scream from her room and then the beast ran back to mine with her in its freakishly large hand . it sat heer down rather forcefully my the rosary off of her neck and the crucifix into the face while basically screaming and at it at the top of her . the creature just blankly at her and her crucifix it then to giggle and it covered its mouth like a child trying to hide its amusement it just stood there giggling for a number of before the symbol from her and quickly down her throat causing her to bleed through her mouth and choke to death on her own blood . my father stood up and tried to charge at the thing he threw a punch but the creature caught his arm and to squeeze until the noise of his elbow shattering filled the air the creature then twisted his arm until it painfully out of the socket with a wet noise . he fell to the ground his arm bent in an unnatural way which extremely painful he to stand but the creature onto his head with both and to slowly constrict down . after a minute or two of the creature squeezing down and my dad trying to break free the wet ripping sound of skin being torn came from his body the creature him and i saw the top of his head and crushed with blood running down it it was an awful sight . i tried to move but fear me and no matter how hard i tried i just t no matter how hard i tried to move my they t budge . the creature to giggle quietly to itself and then broke into a full laugh for several it was a hellish laugh as if the voice had been run several times through an out of date audio recorder and twisted into a whole new inhuman voice . then my sister out of fear to get up and run away the creature her and forced her to the ground it then most of her tongue out of her mouth and applied pressure to her chin until after around thirty her teeth went through her tongue and it . the creature then picked her up by her head and onto the stump in her mouth blood . as i write this the creature is her head to write a message on the wall in front of me oh god i think it finished the message the creature just snapped her neck and threw her to the side . i t bring myself to read it the creature to move outside of my room and i decided to look at it . my met the wall and i was able to clearly see the into it with my sister s blood . the message read i know you re under whispering about a week ago . this was around the same time i found the lump on my temple . there was some correlation between the two that was obvious from the beginning . i was making breakfast when the low murmur i d been hearing all night into a voice . good morning the voice said . the sound was high and scratchy like a breeze swollen with spring pollen . i stood entirely still while my egg weakly in the cast iron pan on the stove . hello i said out loud to an empty kitchen . your breakfast great the voice cheerfully . i am the devil and i m going to eat your . i my spatula . could you repeat that ? i my bathrobe tight against a sudden chill . the part about the breakfast or the other part ? the other part . the voice confirmed that it was the devil and repeated its for my . it then added some new information its name was pedro deviling was its occupation it was whispering to me for and was i finally it the voice i get that lump on my temple checked i finished throwing up in the bathroom existential dread always a way of making me nauseous i the lump . it was roughly the size of a marble firm to the touch and paler than the skin around it . there was no pain when i poked at it but the voice did increase in volume . it was singing now the voice not the lump . . i felt something lick the back of my left eyeball . i . the voice stopped . my morning kind of went downhill from there . i gave up on breakfast feeding my half fried egg to the trash can . instead i tried to drink the world back to being rational first with wine then with rum . all i accomplished was getting piss drunk by a . m . literally piss drunk . i t stumble to the bathroom in time so i ended up relieving myself in a collection of and cacti that mary used to decorate the living room . the voice stayed quiet throughout the entire time i was myself but it was a fragile silence . i got the impression of something waiting for its turn to speak . after my blackout nap pedro returned to whisper to me again . how are you feeling ? there s piss all over the rug you know . i felt a horrible gentle pressure on the back of both of my . it was as if teeth were resting on the the enamel not quite breaking the surface tension . but at any moment those teeth could snap and grind and chew . i . an invisible tongue rooted somewhere in my skull licking from the inside out . oh please stop i . have you checked on your lump lately ? pedro . gingerly i at my temple . my came back with a greasy white yellow liquid . the substance smelled like rain from an overflowing . the lump had . i again and that the mass had actually split like a tulip greeting the spring . there were and and flesh and a hole in the middle . my head had given birth to a third ear . your something inside my mind . the volume was staggering lighting up my like a tree in gasoline then struck by lightning . i fell off of the couch and curled up on the floor . pedro was silent for the rest of the night . the next morning after calling my office to let them know i d quit and would never return i found a fourth ear blossom . it was a little lump on my left side just below the rib cage . when i a light on the mass i could clearly see the outline of a tiny ear no bigger than a quarter . over the next week more and more of the and then into new of various and sizes . i was spotted with them made of new body . my then spread until they of flesh . tiny covered both . when i my to the wall i such terrible . this is hell s radio pedro told me . listen . use your new . all of them on of them . why i . pedro t reply . i woke up later that night to the new horrible sensation of teeth biting my . there was a tremendous pressure sharp jabbing into me . wait i . please st both together . something was on my optic ripping and on the that used to be my . my vision went black true black the absolute absence of light . i until i out . while i slept i of massive dangling from their . in that dream the sky was starless save for one bright red dot against the black . it like a stab wound hanging in the air . when i woke up there was no more pain but i was blind . not only blind eyeless . there was a wet sticky substance from my . i brushed it away with that were completely covered in small . they were everywhere now the . small and large they from every inch of me and dragged the sound into me like in fish . i was nearly by the roar of noise every time i took a breath . my neighbor s television was so loud i wept more of the fluid from where my should have been . the flying above the in their drift all of it was all of it was crystal clear . worst of all was hell s radio and the pedro made . i him making as i across the floor . the rasp of my stomach dragging on the carpet was so painful i . i t see the sick that came out of me but by the texture and the left in my mouth even my puke was filled with . you should have to me pedro when i told you not to listen . i can feel pedro slinking around in my head as i write this final account . he s hungry and loud licking at the meaty of my brain . his tongue like a tree made out of razor . it s difficult to type with each fingertip ending in a soft shell . not being able to see the screen t help either . but i can hear the as i press them . i blink some of my face and can almost listen to the story stitching itself together . but not quite so please excuse any spelling . hell s radio and all around me . when i feel the first teeth at my gray matter i open my jaw to laugh . pedro really is just a state of mind . the the following are a set of sent from a missing fifth grade teacher from colorado . corporation is perplexed by what exactly the disappearance of . stone and for outside help . the case was sent to us from the us government . i ' m writing this in weird . weird ? probably it . but i need your help . i ' m in my bedroom right now no one will slip a piece of paper into my window or something . but it ' s am in the morning . and i ' m absolutely . let ' s go slowly from the start . actually maybe a bit faster . sort of for my life right now . i ' m a fifth grade elementary school teacher . nothing else to it . i ' been teaching for . pay ' s decent i guess . most are nice . now though it ' s . no longer are the friendly . no longer is my life boring and repetitive . in my school i ' m the only one who does a yearly secret . you know it . send anonymous to a random student in the class one from a random student . like it . but this year i was told i ' t do it . not that i would ' done it otherwise . covid and all that . reasonable . i was sure the would understand . and they did . kind of . the day went normally until it was almost time to go home . i decided to give the news at the end of the day so they ' t be a bunch of about it while we were learning . " so i know you have probably i do a secret every year . unfortunately this year i can ' t . can ' t have you touching each covid . you know . maybe we ' do something else fun for though to make up for it ! " i for the collective groan that usually in a classroom after bad news is . instead though there was complete silence for almost a minute . i awkwardly stood there before saying something . " ? i know it ' s a bit sad but " then everyone smiling . i . it was kind of creepy . on the of every student even those who stayed quiet and usually ' t react to anything . one of my piped up . " ' t matter ! we understand ! don ' t we ? " ' s voice was weird . it kept going to high and then to low and had a weird grating noise . i don ' t know how to describe itself . when she there to be a noise under it that like a car squealing to a stop mixed with on a . it ' t sound like that before . maybe just a cold i thought . after all it is getting pretty chilly nowadays . the rest of the class bobbed their up and down in agreement in response to . mike spoke up too . i was . he usually spent quarters of the day asleep . the rest was spent staring blankly into the window . " yeah . stone ! but since we don ' t get a surprise this year in secret we ' give you a surprise this year ! " i and thinking he was around . the day finally ended . i was a bit nervous after what had . why did everything seem so . . off ? the the . . . i ' t wrap my head around it . i through the window at my leaving class . something was strange . usually everyone left in big of their even though we ' d them to just go home so they ' d have less close contact with each other . no one . or they ' d leave with their coming to pick them up either by car or foot . this time all my left individually . they all one by one not anything else . speed walking too . usually they ' t in a hurry to get home . i even more . where were their ? at least half of the class i knew were picked up by their . i shook my head . it had been a weird day for me . i decided to head off for the day not needing to stay after the had left . nothing for me to do today . as i got in my car i something . it was minor a small thing but i it . my coffee cup . the lid was off . i knew i it being on when i got out of my car in the morning . i at it more closely and a slip of paper in the cup . i clawed it out and at the writing on it . surprise ! my blood went cold . someone had been in my car . i frantically around but there was nothing missing . my wallet was intact with all its contents . how had someone gotten into my car ? when i got into it it was locked . i took deep . then i what mike said . we ' give you a surprise this year ! i tried to laugh it off . just after all . perhaps they had used a fishing hook like stick to pry off the coffee cup ' s lid and deposit that slip of paper into the cup . but my were closed . . i firmly told myself i was being silly . i drove home nervous but a bit more happy since i knew i had no work to do once i got alone . i live alone so i could just fall asleep watching relaxed and with a snack or beverage perhaps . my ideal version of a good day after work . when i got home i something . my neighbor was consoling his daughter who was crying . i over and from a distance out . " what ' s wrong ? " ' s daughter and at me . " i i ' m bleeding ! i think i fell ! " at me worry on his face . " she she ' t know how she got cut . " he his daughter a bit more until she was no longer crying and with some doll on the front walking over to me after . " her cut . . man it ' s bleeding a lot . " whispered to me . " must ' fell on some sharp concrete or rock or something . " i . " she ' be alright . you know . crying one minute happy the next . " we for some more before i decided to get back into the house . it was heavily . as i closed my door i something . there was a note on my door . a sticky note . i peeled it off and read it . surprise ! if my blood was cold before it was now freezing . i turned around my heart beating at the speed of a . had there been an intruder ? was someone stalking me ? i tip toed through the house looking around . nothing was missing . everything was where i left it . i took a deep breath . i decided to do the smart thing and call the police . of course nothing . they said to lock my and make sure no one could get in and they ' t really do that much if all that had been done was a note on my door . could it have been the ? i ' t know . it ' t have been too hard to find my address . but mike was a fifth grader . . . no way he would take it this far . am now . not a lot new . i think i ' written enough . i ' m going to update you as it . what the hell . there are . outside my door ? it ' s almost am for god ' s sake . i outside . there ' s a . he ' s not facing me . he ' s in the road . i don ' t know what to do . it ' s certainly not my business . maybe he ' s for he ' s looking towards me what the hell he no mouth he like mike but no hair it ' s just a . just a . i blinked . he ' s gone . maybe i ' m . like in that half sleep stage . i ' m just going to put on some music . go to sleep . weird dream . terrifying i mean . i was in a room . tied to a chair with green and white tape . i don ' t know what to make of it . going to drive to school now i don ' t feel hungry enough for breakfast . i don ' t know what to do . i have no explanation . everyone the exact same . then mike spoke . " . stone i have a lot of for you ! more ! that will cut you down to the bone ! ! with laughter ! " i tried to shake it off . but i can ' t . the . . . they ' re not learning anything . they just stare at me with those . those grating with their . i ' m at break now in the library on a librarian oh my god she ' s twisting her neck . her neck her neck her neck it ' s gone it ' s twisted it ' s on the floor her teeth are they ' re please they ' re broken ' s me if i just saw a ghost that i look like a piece of fresh paper . i tried to hide what i ' m right now . i think she saw the last bit . she ' s looking at me . i ' m back at home now . there haven ' t been any new " " thankfully . other then a elf on the shelf on my wall . i probably got it from my basement and forgot about it . going to take a nap . barely got any sleep last night . what in the world ? i don ' t know what to do . i ' m . if i call the they ' send me to a mental asylum . there ' s a paper on my wall . it a black dot on it . just one . i know i ' t put it there . ' t there when i in . every hour i hear a stampede past my door like a group of are being by a lion . i ' been trembling for the past and i keep hearing high with the sound of someone down my hallway . i locked my door . it ' s a bit more quiet now bu . oh my god they ' re hank please stop help me call the are smiling need to stop stop stop stop stop why why stop they have a . the elf . it ' s on my door . it ' s staring at me . the outside my window are gone . the giggling is gone . no more . on my shelf . elf in the . i ' had a look outside . i don ' t know what to do . i ' . the police are now . there ' s actually two on the paper now . what do they signify ? i don ' t know . don ' t know anything . the police wear . they sing . they are dead . it ' s night . i keep hearing the police . they ' re with my class . why is my class outside my window ? there are three on the paper outside my window . the police are singing . is tapping on my window please make her stop stop singing the song the song is in my head she is ' s telling me to let everything go . what ? stop singing the damn . the police are dead . still singing . i ' m just going to disregard everything now . i keep hearing it . the of . people keep tapping on my window . they ' re smiling . the elf on the shelf is sleeping . he took my bed . he . i ' m going to tell the they can do their . i ' m sorry . i ' m going to tell my class the secret can be done . i can ' t deal with it . there are now . my uncle me an hour ago told me he ' s coming over to celebrate this year . he ' s been dead for . " i ' i ' decided we can do the secret this year ! have have . it ' s as long as we take a lot of and don ' t make as much contact . " " oh no . stone ! " smiling . " we ' gotten over that ! when something bad we simply let it go ! " " yeah ! we always let go of bad . why don ' t you do that too . stone ! after all i have a lot of still to come ! " mike said . what do they mean ? why did they not accept my offer ? i was sweating . it had to work . " yes mike but " " instead why don ' t we do something to help the community this year ? " said . " yeah ! " . " how about we do a charity event ? we let go what we already have enough of ! a lot of people this year are chronically hungry ! they need food ! we should do something good for them raise some nourishment for them . " the class into of approval . i ' t do anything . i ' m on my break now . the . . they ' re following me . i was in the staff room . they kept into the glass . i ' m in the janitor ' s closet now . it ' s a bit dusty right now . wait . there ' s tapping on the door . someone ' s giggling . i ' m . what do i do what do i do if they they open the door and there ' s nothing . nothing . no giggling . the janitor ' s there . he ' s giggling . at me . my were slashed . there was a note in my car . another surprise . i had to walk home . i hurried trying to ignore the feeling of being watched . i a group of singing . as soon as i they stopped and at me . they whispered . my car was in the driveway when i . i ' t question it . i ' t know what to do . i a faint jingling coming from the car . the stereo was on . i hear giggling . there ' s a whole group outside my window now . they keep singing . i tried to watch the paper with the on it tried to see who or what was making the . i tried until i suddenly the faint clinking of . they grew until i out of the hallway and into my room . wait . oh my god . the . the elf what how are they real please they are opening they talk they mike wait no wait wait wait the are on my uncle is talking why won ' t he look are me wait his stop is paper please stop i know what the are now . they stop opening stop laughing make out a smiling the word i won ' t let go . i think the just take it make out the word " surprise " . the teacher was missing after this . police have no and have out a robbery or other malicious . there was no sign showing the teacher to be mentally unstable . until a set of was and sent to . stone ' s mother who in canada . the seem to be separate however the show all were sent after the teacher was missing although one would assume they were sent one by one and that to be what . stone was trying to do . we are unsure why the were sent after the disappearance and where they were sent from . the who were in the teacher ' s class say they did remember . stone talking about the secret being however say that afterwards the teacher to act in a peculiar and paranoid way and to be distracted when teaching . the janitor the teacher being in his closet and he was giggling . his own testimony is that he found it amusing that a fully grown adult was in a broom closet with a phone . corporation for outside help to . if you are reading this we have enlisted your help and are ordered to start working immediately . we assure our all we have sent this to are extremely and will not leak this document to the public . any found will be executed through our own . thank you . i have this fixation with . i bet that s something you don t hear everyday but here we are . it s not an ordinary obsession and t one i had for very long but the story i am about to relay to you all is paramount in understanding this compulsion . not only am i with i collect them and i dissect them this is all to understand what to me . you see i must understand the reasoning behind my encounter . it s all i live for these days . my name s martin and i am from . that t matter so much but i thought it prudent to give some context before i delve into what to me . i am old and i used to work on the underground . used to is important here because it s imperative that you remember that i no longer work there i no longer do anything really . not after my encounter with the hag . my job t glamorous by any i was essentially a bin man rubbish left behind by throughout the day . my job involved a lot of night work . i covered old street station one that t operate throughout the night so after pm that s when my shift would start . i would go around both the southbound and northbound and i would collect all the crap that people had left behind . s love to litter . it was never anything too exciting my black would be filled mainly by coffee and food . occasionally i d find something of value like a book or a wallet but otherwise nothing of import . it was a boring job to tell you the truth but i t . it was just something that cash into my bank account every month so that i could enjoy the finer in life like a pint on a night . anyway getting off track here . the reason i m here the main plot of this story on one of those mind numbingly boring nights . i normally have music on when i work because i can t stand the eerie silence that throughout the deserted that i service . anyone would get out doing what i did so yeah music a whole lot . what i did had become almost ritualistic i would always start at the front of the train and work my way through to the back . it would take about or to traverse both . the first hour of that shift proved to be uneventful i had only picked up around coffee and a scarf that someone had left behind when i saw something out of the corner of my eye a reflection in one of the . it was an old woman . she sat with her head down on one of the in the far end of the carriage . her face was by her hair hair that fell about in messy about her and back . at first i had thought that perhaps she had fallen asleep or something this does happen not very often mind you but i have seen it . excuse me miss ? i suddenly confused by the fear that dogged my voice . she t respond but instead to sway ever so slowly from side to side . i m not going to lie this me out quite considerably and i to back away about to go out and find someone else anyone else that could help . all of sudden i t want to be there alone . at that moment she to croak . it s hard to describe the noise that from her but it was throaty like someone had been scraping her with a butter knife . it was disturbing but it completely froze me to the spot and i found myself unable to move a muscle . her swaying had in pace she was throwing herself from side to side . her grey hair flew wildly in all and yet i still t see her face . then all of a sudden she stopped moving . she cocked her head as if something . as if me . i my composure and was just about to leg it out of there as fast as possible when a pale white hand shot out of her ragged robe and me by the wrist . her grip was so strong . i found that i t free myself no matter how hard i . what do you want ? i meekly . a brief silence before i that throaty sound again . she to be trying to speak but no were coming out none that i could understand anyway . then her hair parted as if touched by the wind and her face was revealed to me . i in horror at the sight of her . her were crudely sewn shut i could see dried blood where her were supposed to be . the tone of her skin was deathly pale with a hue of magenta like she d been dug up . her mouth was open slightly askew and as i into her face she it . from within it she the colour of vomit . they and down her chin onto the floor . even though she t have any i knew she was staring deep into my own . she down and i did too . the ! the writhing and slithering mass of them were forming . before i knew it they had out something that struck terror deep within my heart . everything you hold dear will be taken away . then quickly they and out something else . she in days . i know this is going to sound insane and completely unbelievable but it . she then exploded blood and viscera covered me and the inside of the train . i think i t move for a few but at the time it felt like had gone by . when i up the interior of the train and like it had been . everything was as it was before . i quit my job that very same night . a lot of you are probably wondering what it all meant and i did too for a while . for days following the encounter i dreamt of her and the that her mouth formed . everything you hold dear will be taken away . then five days after the incident my whole world fell apart . it with my mother . one night when i was asleep my phone rang it was my sister . she was hysterical babbling on about . apparently our mother was found dead in her home her throat had been slashed from ear to ear . stuffed inside were of squirming . the police were at a loss there were no . nothing that led them to my mother s killer but deep down i knew who it was . it was the hag . i t even had a chance to arrange my mother s funeral before she took my sister . was found with her body all up from throat to navel . i don t think i have to tell you what was inside . the police them both the works of a serial killer and worked tirelessly to find out who did it but i knew they d never find her they t find someone who t of this world . i was a broken man after that . i had a joint funeral for both my mother and sister i their loss greatly . the grief i felt was a fathomless pit of despair one that i knew i d never crawl out of but i was determined to do one thing before i ended it all . i to find the hag and ask her . . . why ? i knew that evil t need a reason to be evil . evil sometimes just . . . was . finding her again been my only purpose and i am determined one of the only she was unable to take away from me . so you see this is why i do what i do now . i have to find her and i have to find her no matter what it . i will avenge my family . ' m new at this but to share my story because it still me to this day . it was a normal night and my dad was driving us home from the restaurant . the car was a sedan with my dad and new wife my sister and brother . i was at sitting in the middle of the as usual so i could see experience what it was like to drive i was old and the of my in case you . so we drive over a bridge and suddenly i hear my dad screaming " is he doing ! ? " it was a coming at us at full speed the bridge was with those yellow street me being in the middle i could see the car coming straight at us . it all went slow motion from that point on which is fairly normal when adrenaline through your . i into the and saw the face i locked on him i never forget the expression he had . just before impact the guy to the left my dad to the right he us in the flank and we cross into the sides of the bridge with one wheel hanging over . the the car behind us and a massive chain reaction of behind us . i can tell you it was a bloody mess lucky for us we were all uninjured so i get out of the car like the little adventurer i was . my dad also got out and me to stay put he had to find a phone to call an ambulance no back then . near the road i hear a woman screaming in panic so i went out to follow the noise further down the street . the noise came from the black car behind us my heart pounding as i walk up to it the woman still crying for help . i come up to the window of the car and the woman at me from the passenger seat and yelling " my husband my husband he ' s dead ! " as she the bleeding head of her husband in her arms . i was out ' t know what to do i told her my dad was calling an ambulance but she ' t hear she kept screaming " he ' s dead he ' s dead " . i walk away from the car i look down the bridge and see several other the ' s car . i decided to walk down but the street only illuminated the bridge so it got as i went downhill . suddenly i hear a voice from besides the bridge in the i saw a shadow pretty big it me out and i ran back to our car i ' t find the courage to go down to the ' s car . the arrive and they ' re taking me and my for a routine check my dad had to go to the station to have an eyewitness report . me and my sis stayed the night at the hospital . i had to wear a collar as my neck got slightly injured . so a few later i ask my dad to ask the about the police report because i to know what exactly . he ' t want to at first but after of nagging he finally did . the police report stated that the man to suicide he took an overdose while driving the gas pedal while a stroke . police said he must ' before even us . i can tell you i saw the panic on the ' s face when we locked . i ' never seen any fear on a man ' s expression since that day . the man after i him straight in the . countless sleepless nights for were the result of it . the picture of that man ' s face is engraved in my . and about that creepy shadow i saw more like i felt it since that day whenever someone is about to die from old age or sickness or whatever . . . . i feel that same presence . sometimes very rarely i walk past someone and feel that presence . i always to find the to tell them but how weird would that be if a stranger up to you and " i feel death is following you " . i have been dating this girl for about . let ' s just call her anna to conceal her identity . one day anna told me she me to meet her mother . we live in d . c . and her mother in so we had to make a road trip . we got to her mother ' s house which is secluded about away from the nearest town . it was an old style house the you know are definitely . her was amazing but a bit eccentric . she us a huge dinner that night ham turkey with all the sides it felt like thanksgiving . after dinner we had a few to celebrate and had a blast . we turned in for the night and i slept like a baby . i woke up early the next morning so early it was still dark out . i to the kitchen to fix some coffee . her is a coffee addict like me so i was glad she had the good . as my coffee was brewing i some strange coming from one of the guest . scratching from the room directly across from mine . i open the door and ! a cat out at me . i almost my pants i was so . nevertheless it was just anna s old cat . i was walking out of the room when something caught my peripheral vision . a box the cat over near the closet . so the nice guy i am i go over to put the box back in its original place . i up what fell just a bunch of old electric and gas . until i came across a small red photo album . i remember anna telling me her father ' s name was and he about ago . cancer i believe . curiously i through the album and there were a lot of of in a hospital bed that was here in the house . i could tell by the van painting in the background . as i through the they just got and . you could see the cancer take a toll on his body each picture he ' s looking more like death . i was about done looking until i saw a with on it . so i my head out to make sure everyone was still asleep and shut the door . i in the and it was just a video of sleeping . then about in i see anna s mother creep in the frame . it was a bit weird because she was standing over watching him sleep . this went on for about a minute . and then got dark . she picked up a pillow and it over ' s face . was his arms and fighting for air . fighting with every ounce of energy that was left in his body . he was just too weak . his movement then came to an end . anna s mother removed the pillow from his lifeless face . she back directly at the camera with an evil grin . she picked up the camera laughing hysterically and said it ' s finally over ! . we re all told from a very young age never get into with . s right up there with don t take candy from and don t talk to . right away that these to involve all to do with . were not good people . they were dangerous and to be at all . as we get older we begin to think we know better . perhaps those people out there those t so bad . we begin to test the of our . each time that nothing we become a little less weary . a little more trusting . we start to forget . not all are good . was early and the weather was becoming colder by the day . a constant near freezing drizzle had set in leaving the grey world soaked and everywhere as so often that time of year . sun was setting early and darkness was nearly constant outside of the when we were stuck in high school . t you just love ? friend and i were both sixteen old and had a bit of money to spend on a night after school . the time we got to the mall the place to be back then on a night it was approaching pm . the late were just starting to play and we could have gotten for one of them . but nothing good was showing and we were looking for something a little more interesting a little more adult to occupy our time that night . sixteen year we to do something memorable . was all about that . he used it as a ruler for everything . would this be something we would remember when we were older ? would we tell about this night later in life for to come ? was always his desire . for something epic to happen . something memorable . was outgoing . he could just walk up to a random stranger and start talking to them a skill that i envied and still to this day don t possess . that s what he did . we were out front by the to the mall standing in the rain illuminated by the fluorescent glow of an outdoor light above us . people nearby were smoking and he casually struck up a conversation with some guy standing there as if they were old . more mature than us but how much older they were i t tell . maybe from his school i . we both lived in different so we went to different high . assumed he them from somewhere since he was speaking to them so candidly . you know where we can get some herb ? he was after the of . tall gaunt looking guy in a leather coat who was to him . i t like the look of him i as he spoke he a little sketchy . his black leather jacket was worn at the and dirty . he had greasy skin and was smiling a little grin that to suggest a joke that we t in on . yeah man . we got all of herb . you go to a party ? without it with me first . hell yeah ! we were looking for something to do tonight . that s awesome ! thanks man . barely over at me but if he had i would have said to forget about it . something felt off . something felt wrong . alright cool . the guy was looking at his other friend nodding to him . the other guy went over to his car in the parking lot nearby . drove over to the curb where we were standing and rolled down the tinted on a black . guy in the leather jacket got in to the front passenger seat and the other girl who was with them into the car as well . got in next and told me to hop in . was nervous but not yet afraid as i got into the back seat and the car away from the curb . t take long to get to the motel just down the street on the main drag of the city . all got out of the car and and i them to the door of the motel room . and a short man with large wearing a tank top the door . he stepped outside and i got a quick glance of the motel room s interior . was about fifteen people inside the cramped and filthy room . it t look like any party that i had ever been to before . at the right side of the room near the door the screen glowing and flashing illuminating the of the place . loud death metal as well and the overall atmosphere of the room to be one of dread and despair . was thin and pale under their . someone was the room quickly and scratching themselves all over while the watched fascinated . a few more were sitting cross legged on the floor in front of the television set watching it like . haze of acrid smoke out smelling like unfamiliar and astringent . took in these but was too to respond somehow . i felt like i was in a dream suddenly . short well built man in the white tank top said hello to the people who had brought us there and then suspiciously and i were . guy in the leather jacket who had brought us there said something quietly to him and they all went inside telling us to wait there . hindsight these were all red . but we were young and . and i was of not fitting in . i should have been afraid of other . more concrete . door up again and the leather jacket guy tank top guy and a couple of other of theirs came out and closed the door behind them again . you want to buy some weed ? come on we got another party going in the other room over here . of weed . walking down to a different door . it was a drive up style motel so you just park in front of whichever place you re in for the night . hoped the party in the other room was a bit more tame . behind them . my heart was up speed again and i felt that familiar feeling of wrongness . nothing about this felt right . top guy the door to the motel room with a key card and went in we after them . closed the door behind us and it t take long to realize there was no party happening in this room . stood around us in a circle . top guy a beer bottle on a nearby table . he the pointed end up to my throat . he electric with nervous energy . the bottle bobbed back and forth dangerously close to the skin and i felt it rub against it briskly and the warmth of blood running down my neck a second later . give us all your money now ! his were wide and strung out . the stood around us looking angry and but him do the talking . quickly out my wallet and they snatched it out of my hand . defiant for a second and my went wide with horror . g g give him your wallet man . muscle bound guy with the broken bottle in his hand suddenly turned towards him pointing the broken bottle in his direction . whoa ! alright man holy . here take it . soon as he gave them the money the guy with the leather jacket him by the hair and shook him around like he was a stray cat picked up by its scruff . don t ask next time smart guy ! had a temper and it suddenly unexpectedly . face turned bright red and he to convulse with anger and swung a wild haymaker . . jacket guy elbowed him in the gut causing him to double over in sudden pain . it like he had the wind out of him for a second . man with the broken beer bottle in his hand t take kindly to the punch suddenly slashing with the sharp edge of the glass in my friend s direction . hell broke loose . tall i was able to get my foot up high enough to kick the short guy with the broken bottle and connected with his chin just as he was forward to slash my friend s throat with the sharp glass . and spit into the air as he fell backwards from the impact of my boot to his face . must have took a swing at the taller man on his left because i it connect . the other guy towards the bed behind him sending him off balance as he fell onto it . a moment they were and we ran from the room the door behind us . up the road and back towards the mall no longer in possession of our or our spending money but happy to have with our . so i thought . collapse behind me as i ran and stopped to look back . friend lay on the asphalt in the pouring rain and i back towards him to see the reflection of red in the water around him . face was full of panic as he at his throat where the bottle had cut him . then my age ' t own cell yet . i ran to a pay phone and but by the time the ambulance came it was too late . at the motel had out before the and they never found them after that . got away . who my friend . . . r ? medium android source share name is and i live on the edge of some old out in the . my nearest neighbor is way down the road and we don t really talk . as time i m constantly of the family i once had . nowadays all i have is an old dog to keep me company . i still wear the wedding ring . old or something . i sit out on my back stoop empty case of beer between my and the dog laying on his belly by my side . the fire pit us warm during the night and off the i get when looking out at that expansive forest . the forest that my back yard on for snaking along the landscape and clear across the county . both the police and our small time rag are well aware of the of in those but nobody about the . i remember the first that went missing . it was my nephew . they come up slowly at first beaming through the tree line like massive and flickering out much the same . year round this is how it goes . i almost never hear anything coming out of there but there sure are a lot of them . i know what they want . i m of the will o from old folklore when i watch the yellow but i know that s not what they are . not exactly . i polished off the bottom foam of my cheap beer and it into the overflowing trash can by s rear . it from the mountain of other and fell from view into the overgrown brushing up against my back stoop . the dog s and he at me cocking his head as though to say please stop . i could see it in his . i said to the mute dog . as i out of my plastic lawn chair the drunk wave hit me and i nearly into the grass . after catching my footing i the back door and felt around in the dark kitchen testing my across the floor until i found the . there was an old sixer in the crisper drawer . i one out cracked the top and returned to my chair with the other five dangling from the plastic . i settled into the chair . the had come while i d been inside . they d come every night since my nephew . but this night was a special occasion . i caught them in the reflection of s watery unmistakable . i and my jacket s collar up . the were already down my neck . the were during the night . they would swell like the ocean tide bright then dim then bright again . a wild yellow light shot clear into the stark black sky above the and left a water color trail in its path . i was frozen in the little plastic lawn chair like i d been in concrete and felt just as heavy . then came the scream . it out of the forest for only a moment then cut short . i never get used to that sound . the light above the tree tops returned to the . i blinked and my . a nauseous feeling grew in the pit of my stomach and my skin grew cold . i was . how long had i been sitting there waiting to hear if the scream would come again ? i down at . there he was still . mouth . he was silent on the tree line . i down to stroke his curly fur and he nearly snapped at me . upon seeing it was only me he my hand . g good boy . my wrist was shaking as i my fresh beer till it was empty and it into the grass . the scream t come again . i watched the tree line with veiled horror . i knew what that meant . the forest had taken another child . as i was getting ready for bed dressing down to my undies i ' t help but notice something from the corner of my eye . the did something they ' d not done for a very long time . a set of yellow were in through my bedroom window . they into the black of night when i them there . i could not move from the spot it was as though i ' d had a spell cast over me . my reflection back at me in the glass wide watery timid vibrating . my skin and i for the thing to return . i don ' t think they will leave me alone . without much choice i was forced to break into the whiskey so i could be sure to get some sleep . i always up to my older brother since the day we adopted him . he was a tall skinny boy with dark curly hair who always stood out in our german mostly " light " haired family . my hair is dark brown but it is reasonably lighter to his other people typically thought he was a visiting friend but he was my brother and could never change that . after we had him move in we were instant and i was his new little . he taught me about what it was like in china and how he first learning in school . i was amazed by all of this and the only brought us closer together . despite the fact that he was my older brother our relationship was different than most other that i have met . though he would play tough to protect me he was really blind to this other world he was now living in and i had to guide him every step of the way here . he taught me his native tongue and i would assist him in understanding mine . i first met him when he was nine and i was five . he was quiet and kept to himself but beyond that cold outer shell there was of personality . he always had an affinity for . when he first got a job here and received his first he bought . he antique and bought ornate and intricate and lined his bedroom with them . he to settle for anything of less quality and would dive deep searching for any that were within his budget and he would buy them . walking into his bedroom a strange trip of reflecting into each other with intricate . he bought antique too which only made the room more difficult to traverse . he had set several fake in his large bedroom and the were set to where they reflected each other ' s into warped infinity . the only decent way to traverse without the effects was to crawl with your face down to the floor as to not peek into the glass ocean of blended . the part is that the room just to expand outward infinitely like the room itself was growing and the only more enigmatic . some of them to have effects that i thought could only be digitally . they would have a strange feeling to them like glaring into each mirror was looking somewhere forbidden . some of the had strange unrecognizable and indescribable in their that you t see when looking away from them . in each mirror some minor could be in them but you could only find them deep within the hellish hall that was once a bedroom . what i is that there was no noticeable difference outside of the house . no in the size of the home or its exterior but his room to expand far beyond the contents of the home itself . even stranger the room would keep onward and diverging different and it went so far that i lost all signal on my phone . but that is not the worst part of the problem i other about the . sometimes they would wriggle which made it appear like thick surface tension was about to be broken but when you put your against it it is just cold glass . another problem with the room is that no matter how many you spent traversing it when you left the room the clock would reset back to the time that you the room . i also found that the more time you spend in the room the more noticeably tired you become . after into his room yesterday i believe i have found the end of it but it t very pretty . what i found beyond every hall i have traversed was an endless empty void and my brother stood there naked . fluid was dripping off of his body and it off the body and had taken form turning into and the foundation of this nightmare of a bedroom . he turned around and he had a gaping maw splitting through the middle of his body . it was deep and fleshy with strange teeth in leading into inky abyssal blackness . thick metallic fluid crept through the fleshy amalgamation and rushed out like saliva . he me by the collar of my shirt and threw me into the void . i was there for what felt like . i felt the flesh rot off of me and wriggle through my and gnaw through my body . the wind my and i awoke hazy back at the entrance to his bedroom right by the door not a scratch . when i left it was five after i according to my phone clock and i out on the hallway floor after leaving the room . when i woke up my had put me on the couch and my brother was right next to me . he my ear and whispered which quiet . ' if you don ' t know what is going on i have to suggest you read the last post . i ' t think i would be writing this so soon but i ' m currently at home and the yet . i don ' t know what the to do . i ' m tired and craving de when there ' t any in this cursed house . so with that sentiment in mind let ' s get . first off i just got my new glasses today . i have been waiting on these to come in the mail since . i bought them because i ' m cheap read that as poor and to get the best deal which to literal of waiting . at this point i wonder if the price was worth the hellish wait time . i ' never had glasses before these . i always knew i was a bit poor sighted but i was not at all ready for the absolute shock of these glasses . i was not aware how badly i glasses until i put them on and everything practically went from p to hd . almost everything a lot easier cause i am near sighted . driving and being able to read the from a further distance and not to squint at speed limit ? amazing . if you need glasses and are procrastinating i can ' t implore you enough to go ahead and do it . how do my new glasses tie into the weirdness that is this family ? you ' see in a bit but i promise it ' s relevant now onto the main story . i no longer see the middle child . the times i ' been leaving it still been light out so i don ' t have an update on him . and the only reason i seen him a few times is because the first few days i stayed a little later to make sure that everything was and to talk to the a bit more . i ' the if i could help at all with possibly him up from his grandmother ' s so he won ' t be getting home in the dark . the who i shall name yep we ' re sticking with the theme said that it was fine and that i ' t worry myself about it . i ' m just taking ' s word for it at this point . i ' learned that unless i can make something work better than ' s system to trust ' s system . they are her after all . it sense that she would know best how to handle them . and for the most part she ' s been right . there are certain that the like that i do because them to me . and then there are certain " " that i have to do every day . i say " routine " in because they honestly seem more like . nothing super obviously weird at first . just a few here and there . off after five in the house . play a very specific music box every day at am and give it five turns . wait for it to finish before touching it again to put it back . if at all during the music box don ' t wait to finish and bring him to . wash your immediately after you step outside of the hallway and if there is no sink in the room you just went into from the hallway wipe your with a wet wipe i try and keep the on me at all times because is a really baby anyways . and then the final and in my opinion one . i sing to every day to put him to sleep . but there s a catch . there always is . the song can never be the same . i have to come up with off the top of my head . even said they could be bad but never to sing him an identical song to put him to bed . this led to some interesting being made in the past few days . such as the classic " please go to bed so i can finally eat lunch or the ever famous please stop staring at me and close your . but i not sung anything identical to put him to bed yet . when he s awake ? i can play whatever i want that s baby appropriate of course . it s just for nap time that i have to put my slam poetry loving brain to the test . is a sweet baby . he normally t cry much a little fussy . he loud and noisy and soft . but if there s a toy he t like he will let you know . how does he let me know you might be wondering ? simple . all of them have been plastic so far and i turn to do something and when i turn back to the toy is . . . dust . like somehow to near dust with the occasional more splinter sized piece . the first time it i out and for who only mildly worried and that there must be a production malfunction . like what ? i nearly given up on explaining in this house . it well and it felt normal enough for me to be comfortable . i was still still am but slowly are becoming more routine . and i thought i d gotten most of the big out of the way . as i m sure you can guess i was wrong . any time i think i have all the there will likely be something new that me in the face for daring to think this is normal . silly me right ? well this is where the glasses come into play . i was wearing them today so that i could get to them . t like them and just made little at them and generally was curious of them . it was when saw them that i could tell i was in for another treat . she more than a little anxious but at me . you wear glasses ? . you never worn them before today . i just got them in the mail today . it took forever for them to get here . i actually ordered them before i working for you . oh . that s nice . she just at me but her t convincing . i could practically feel the anxiety coming off of her . i really to ask if i should not wear them in the house but frankly i ' t willing to do that . i need these glasses and they would help me with keeping a better eye on . so i went about my normal day just trying to get work done and stick to the " routine . " and then i around a bit closer . trying to see if i could see anything weird with the glasses on . and so far ? nothing . and that honestly me more than something glaringly obvious . that one day i ' do something wrong and my glasses will . . . i ! blind me or something i guess . i just don ' t like the fact she was so nervous over glasses . and i wonder if she maybe hired me cause i ' t have them ? i don ' t know right now and i don ' t think i ' know for a while . i ' m trying to compile a list of just a few to bring up to in a serious manner . i have casual with around normally . she ' s honestly lovely company and a charming woman . she ' s aiming to be a in the company she works for so her needing help with is understandable . more than understandable really . she about her she really does . it ' s pretty clear to see . but that ' t mean she ' s sugar and spice and everything nice to them all the time . the absolute worst time to be " the help " came up recently . when your employer is yelling at one of the . i ' learned along with banshee screaming at cleaning ladies another bad habit . and that ' s lying . he about almost everything . it more compulsive than pathological . and honestly it me of him at that age . i was just a dumb with and ' t sure how to handle anything so i lied to get out of trouble and even about mundane . but he ' s a good liar . he for everything . he so much persuasion and conviction about the he you that it honestly like the truth . but luckily for the and unluckily for up . one of his main was getting out of learning classes early . he got cocky and did it too many times and ended up all of his to him whenever he left classes without permission . the evidence was pretty damning . it came to a head when he was leaving to bike and he had almost convinced his that he really had been let out early . then the came in . was upset of course . she talking to him very sternly . not screaming or anything but bordering a yell cause she was angry . and that was when it all went to hell . screaming yet again but this time it was rather than just the wordless screech of last week . he losing his absolute . i to step in and calm him down on instinct but i stopped because of two main . the first reason being i ' m just the nanny . it ' s not my job to try and help get out of trouble . and if anything it would ' been my job to back up . he ' d done something wrong and had to face the music because of his . and as long as it ' t get violent i knew i ' t have any moral obligation to protect from his . no getting out of an uncomfy talk just because of your getting cross . the second reason ? it ' s that his spit was turning golden . as he stood there open mouthed and screaming at his i saw the inside of his mouth turning a golden hue . i thought i was just seeing at first before i myself where i was and knew to trust my . i was holding as was yelling and was honestly . . . i was getting . looking at a small child and seeing them become enraged and start to literally change colors ' t a good look . i at she ' d be out too and she just as angry as . she yelling over him making him scream . was starting to cry at that point and i snapped back into reality . it ' s like these when one of the does something genuinely human out of instinct that i really remember that they ' re just . i close to my chest and slowly backed away from the frankly upsetting scene . i quickly ' s stroller and backing out of the room . it was then that i could see ' s along with his spit was golden . i the out of there real quick after that in the stroller once we had gotten outside . was still crying but there ' t a lot i could do about it . i let him cry it out for a couple of and once he was finally able to take in some air i him a pretty leaf and all was right in the world . i could still faintly hear the yelling from the house but i was more on keeping happy and distracted than the fight . i came back in with after and the house was eerily quiet . part of me to go back to where and had been fighting and find ' s dead body her monster of a child at her . but nope . i found her alive and well in her room looking extremely tired . not even angry just tired . " are you ? " i softly as i came in with on my hip . i was honestly worried for the . not so much physically as emotionally . i used to be a problem child and while i never spit out metallic fluid from my mouth i did scream and gaslight and lie . i was a struggling with mental health and i honestly ' t know any better . " honestly ? no " she said as she took into her arms and to lift her top to him . she so drained . just absolutely worked to the bone . i felt bad for her . " i don ' t know how to make him mind . he just all the time . and his go to emotion is anger now . i just . . . i wish i knew what to do . " " well . . . therapy me . and a lot of it comes from growing up . i used to act just like . not so much the screaming as the lying phase . " " really ? but you ' re so put together . " ladies and i am a year old who just out of college and is still too to tell their . i do not have my personal life figured out at all but i luckily do have my work life mostly taken care of . i sat on the bed looking at her . " look . a lot of his behavior will get better with age . maturity and responsibility will set in as long as you guide him along . it ' be hard on both of you but get better with time . she at me and were relatively normal for the rest of the day . i really should have brought up my list of while we were our heart to heart but i t even think about it . i just have to talk to her about it tomorrow maybe . speaking of tomorrow the cleaning lady comes again . part of me really to try and talk to her and the other part of me is really it . she really stand offish and just had a really bad . not dangerous just not someone i want to be around . hopefully i be able to update you this weekend . until then wish me luck . i m need it . i m back bitch . did you miss me ? i take the silent screen staring back at me as a yes . so i been trying to track down that girl . you remember the one who me the bird and then left me a kind of but kind of flirty note ? yeah that girl . she apparently t want to make it too easy for me or maybe she s as cautious as i am about monster attention . i can respect that . she should be . that s probably how we re both still alive . but does it make it hard to find her . i got a few days ago when i also discovered some worrying about the evolution of another monster . i had to update rule . made me sad . i don t like when i have to update my both because it s a pain in the ass and because it the are . monster are bad news all it is me falling behind the curve one time and something a little too late and boom ! i m toast . like if i t the new trick . i mean i like to think i m smart enough not to take food from a stranger stranger danger never been more real than in this but honestly if someone had me fresh fruit before i it was an ? i don t know man . i might be a soulless sack of skin . so anyway a few days ago . i was out looking for the girl when actually you know what ? i just read a book about a screenwriter this house an interesting assortment of . try writing this like a movie script . nothing to it right ? . empty city street confidently down the street . bailey on his . he to be looking intently for something when out of nowhere a monster . ! oh . . bailey . i just that this may not be the best kind of story for a screenplay . well i tried . it s true though . i was walking down one of the streets near where i d seen her the first time scouring again for . i been going back there every few days never at a specific time or even two days in a row a steady routine that s easy to predict like an invitation to get to investigate new or check the same again for a hint . because if i have to search this entire city without anything to go on i guess i m be lonely forever . there s no way in hell i d find her . i was heading towards a suspicious looking wall to check it out when out of nowhere a monster did descend . it was just a though . i will admit that it caught me by surprise and so i did yell oh ! but it was only because i was not because i was or anything . i feel like that s important to distinguish . . b and i made quick work of him with my handy laser pointer rule with only a few scratches to show for it . again mostly because of the surprise factor not because it s better than me at fighting . i can t stress this enough . the likely t have gotten the drop on me if i d seen it coming . but it was sneaky and evil just like real was . . it was worth it anyway though the wall turned out to be a normal non suspicious wall as i was standing in front of it i saw something out of the corner of my eye . something that very familiar and made my heart leap a bit . i turned towards it and that s when the monster i actually to discuss today up . me again another ! as i back . what is this monster you ask ? great news ! sit down shut up and let me tell you all about it . this one s unique for a number of . first of all it s not after a i in high school . i know i know shocker . but not really because this one is after a teacher i in high school . i think it s a fitting name i explain more in a second . also it t actually kill you . that s right . it t kill you . it might as well kill you though because what it leaves behind won t last long anyway . have i confused you enough ? wonderful . i think it s best if i just tell you about my encounter and explain as i go . it make sense . probably . rule if you see a person you know it s probably not that person . always check their and never accept anything they offer you . see the monster now facing me beside the wall was a whole different kind of it t big or hairy or beastly . no in fact it was so scary because it was too human . more specifically it was my mother . like exactly my mother . a perfect clone . it made me want to cry . as i it s only been nine since the day i saw my entire family die horrifically and if i m not ready to discuss it on the you can bet your ass i m not ready to confront it face to face . and yet here we were . this is a good time to expand in detail on the monster and its name . i them . affectionately known as for short after my chemistry teacher . the very same teacher who made me and work an experiment together that in some sweet acid . she was also the kind of teacher who when a would ask can i go to the bathroom ? would respond in a voice i don t know can you ? ugh . that s where their name comes from . because these lovely take the shape of always someone their victim to make the emotional struggle harder i suppose and they mimic the too in a slightly twisted way . it just off . like you re hearing a version of the voice or something . the voice mockery is what made the name stuck . when it it just you know ? that being said i hate running into them probably for obvious . there are however two distinct between them and the they imitate which make it possible to recognize them for what they are they don t have in their though if you re close enough to notice that it s probably too late for you anyway and they don t have . that s right . their just kind of end in five dark like the to . more on that later . it to me as i type this that maybe that s partially why the girl me the bird when she saw me . maybe it t entirely as a you maybe she was also proving she was human and not an . . food for thought . this so kindly taking the form of my mother a very creepy not at all motherly smile at me . come with me sweetheart . god it was torture . i always hate how they know my name . the smile was wrong the voice was wrong it was all wrong . but still i it to be right . my brain to make for the because if they t exist then this could actually be my and she might not be brutally dead and she might have come back for me . b at me from his perch on my shoulder snapping me out of it . no matter what i the truth was that she was gone and that this thing in front of me was not my mother . that t stop it from trying . it had on a desperate expression now to plead with me . baby i can get you somewhere safe . just take my hand . there it was the key phrase . it out a fingerless hand i guess you re supposed to be enough or maybe just crying so much that you don t notice the lack of . i could see the hunger in its but it sure as hell t a hunger to get me to safety . if i accepted if i took its nasty little hand i was done for . i out my knife . bitch please i said . she s been dead for . you think you re fooling me ? the hunger to fury and its face twisted in anger . i t seen my s face look like that since i broke her favorite lamp in second grade . fine it said . if you won t listen to me maybe you wise up and listen to someone who you know is still alive . honestly that stopped me in my mostly because i was puzzled . i t think of anyone i knew who was still alive . well except for me . my heart just about stopped as another stepped out from behind the wall . and this one was wearing me my face my hair even my current clothes . it was weird . i t how long my hair had gotten . i decided right then that i d be cutting it myself that weekend . i did by the way . it much better now . here s the thing about this situation i never seen more than one attack at once . they re not really a tag team kind of monster . i also definitely never seen one imitate the victim being targeted . this was new and i had no idea where they were going with it but i was sure it t be good . i my grip on the knife as . b nervously . the version of me came to stand beside the version of my mother smiling at me the whole time . i to see what was about to happen i t think they d just jump me because i d to take the hand and as far as i know can t attack if you don t accept their offer . it s one of those governing i assume like how need an invitation to come in . off i said i certain that they had to . apparently they had another plan . me said in its twisted version of my voice bitch please and then promptly turned and sucker my fake mother in the face . i in surprise and with the knife almost dropping it . fell to its and me it with punch after punch until blood ran down its face . i a crack i m guessing its nose had been broken . when the face was swollen and bloodied me on to the body it kicking punching slapping anywhere on it could reach . i swear i saw start immediately . the worst part was crying after that first punch screaming in pain and yelling stop ! you re killing me ! and in response me was gloating it was in the suffering . it just got worse and worse the beating the victory in almost my voice the and pleading in almost my s voice saying i love you ! what did i ever do to deserve this ? that last one got me because my the real one t deserve how she . i d myself that same question every day since and sometimes i did blame myself for what to her . to all of them . so i finally t take it and my shut breathing hard trying to focus on the sound of my rapid heartbeat over the of me torturing my own mother to death . a second later my own voice was in my ear . you can make it stop whispered me . you can save her from another awful death . all you have to do is come with me . just take my hand and it will all be over . just take my hand and your mother will be fine . i won t lie there were several where i considered it . where i thought about it end where i considered myself for my mother . but the last were what stopped me your mother will be fine . she t be fine ever again . watching myself kill her was maybe the worst psychological torture i d experienced in this or even before it which is saying something considering the put me through but stopping my own pain t bring her back . hell maybe i even deserved the pain of watching this . so i my and said not today . also your hair is too long and then i brought my own arm up and it in the face before it could react . ha karma s a bitch . i was angry too so i just kept going . punching and punching even when it was on the ground like it had done to the version of my . i might have been screaming during this as well i think i out a bit to be honest . but my throat was raw afterwards so i m assuming there was some wordless furious screaming involved . . b by on s face and at its pupil less incessantly while i was with its partner . when they were both barely conscious and i was breathing heavily sweating i to my and a brick from the wall beside us . the good news about going to makeshift everywhere . i stood over first and said you sound nothing like her before the brick down on its head over and over with all the force i could muster . it t as hard as you d think . . bailey kept an eye on the other me until i was ready for its turn . i crouched beside it and since its were still intact unlike its friend s i it the bird and said bet you wish you had to do that huh ? . then i crushed its skull too . i hardly remember doing it . i know i did though because afterwards my arms were with blood up to the and my were sore for the next three days . fun times . see to kill an you have to crush their brains completely . just their . i think it to do with what they do if you take their hand . you re probably wondering what by now right ? especially since i said they don t actually kill you . well that s true . they don t . but those little dark where their should be ? if you accept their offer they put those not to your head and painfully quickly suck out your . i seen it happen they latch on like human leeches the black pull out what look like but are in fact everything you ever known and later you re a shell . not unlike someone brain dead i imagine . you can walk and you re still technically alive but you remember nothing . everything that you you is gone . and in this world that you be gone soon too . it s hard enough surviving here with all my and intact as a shell of your former self with no knowledge of anything you be dead in if not . the t dumb . even they can appreciate an easy meal when it just around and t put up a fight . feed on those i think . my working theory is that they store all of them in their own which is why you have to crush their to kill them . if you don t if you say just stab them or shoot them or even behead them they will heal and survive . only way to guarantee they stay dead is to make soup out of their brains . real fun stuff you know ? anyway after that i was finally able to walk over to check out that familiar thing i d seen out of the corner of my eye before the whole mess . the next building over was an old shop or of some sort i t read the sign through the dried blood on it with a big glass display window in front . the glass miraculously t broken . now i d definitely by this place before and there d been a naked half mannequin you know the kind that s just the upper half of the body lying in the window . that was it . but this time it was different that mannequin was sitting upright and it was no longer bare . instead it was wearing a green jacket . the very same green jacket i d seen the girl wearing . even with my arms dripping blood up to the i broke into a smile . because that t all the jacket had a note clipped to it . i went into the store keeping an eye out for any inside there t any and unpinned the note . it was in the same handwriting as the first one she d left and it said i speak without a mouth and hear without . i have no body but i come alive with wind . what am i ? it took me reading it a few times to understand what was happening here but i finally got it through my thick skull . she d left me a riddle . which she me to find her but she also to test me first . i got some work to do . i also had to update rule after that encounter with the . rule if you see a person you know it s probably not that person . always check their and never accept anything they offer you . addition if you see yourself just leave . it s not worth the pain . because it really t . it turns out there s nothing worse than seeing my be tortured and by a monster the way she was except that monster being me . part ' s been almost a week since i wrote something here but i ' been really busy . streets are now covered in snow no one was that considering the last two warm but now everything in the town calm silent . we can no longer see the on the horizon i ' m starting to miss the view . but now some . the first two days after my first encounter with that strange man everything went normal . i even had time to buy lots of thing at the supermarket strange enough i like a horde of people rushing to get the best but we were like not counting the supermarket staff . the cashier even at me . or at least that ' s what i thought i can ' t say for sure because of the mask but she ' s beautiful and i only meet her when i ' m something so that was a good day after all . on a couple of days my dog barking at the window but luckily he only saw other dogs . phone signal still ' t come back i ' m starting to think that it never will . something at the main repeater outside the town and in this situation no one will fix it . i had trouble sleeping sometimes i just wake up in the middle of the night i feel like something is watching me but i know for sure that it ' s just my mind messing with me i now close every window i don ' t want to look outside during the night . but in the brief times i was awake i and on the soft snow of the streets like big passing near my house . not every night but it was strange since the curfew . in the morning huge wheel were left on the road . i ' m telling you this because i also to notice that some have been shut down . red and white on and and i think that the two are connected . unfortunately this almost normal situation only for the first two days as i said . i tried to contact again but to no avail . so i decided to go to his house to see myself what was going on . in the late evening i wore the clothes i had since during the night we reach easily c and because i like to be prepared i even took with me a spade you know for the snow and if something like the man from that night came too close . my dog at me with a happy face and that gave me the courage to open the door we both then got outside in the cold and snowy streets . i walking to ' s house he ' t lived that far from me but thanks to the snow and the creepy silence it felt like an hour . i had almost made it without any setback but when i came nearby an old abandoned car factory pretty common in my area growling . something inside me already knew what that meant . i turned and what i saw made me feel a sharp cold . three were standing on the other side of the road still as any other object in that road but they were clearly people . the snow made it difficult to see them properly but they were not dressed well enough for the outside temperature one of them was a woman and she like she was wearing . as my dog made a couple of towards them barking aggressively i firmly the spade . " no ! stay here we have to go ! " he me as he ' t move any further but was still ready to attack . sure he ' s a big dog and i know for sure that he can rip apart a normal person if he but i also knew that they ' t normal . the three still not moving that gave me the confirmation that they were just like that man . as i turned to run towards ' s house something came in my mind the man from that night ' t until i turned . in that split second as also turned his back on them i again at them seeing with terror that they made almost half the distance that us . they were too fast too fast even to react . i decided that for the rest of the path i would look at them without turning even for a second . it took me to reach ' s house of my entire life . i was just lucky to not encounter other from any other direction or i ' t be here to tell you this . after i turned left my destination it like my ' t me and stopped growling so i felt safe enough to look away . in a small condominium like me no turned on in any of the so i thinking the worst . maybe he was dead ? i lost one of my best like this ? the entrance door was open and some snow to enter the hallway . as i went for the elevator looking around sniffing as he found some strange smell . the hallway was almost completely dark so i had to use my phone torch . now illuminated by the light the red carpet was now visible and with him the streak of blood that went directly into the elevator . i froze . " what . . " i ' m sorry to disappoint you but i ' m not some horror movie protagonist or something like that i ' t want to know what was in that elevator so i ' t look . i slowly towards the and my climb to the fourth floor . i think that if my dog ' t with me i would have just ran like hell back home . i to look at some on the other some of them were open some of them were with the red and white . as i the last floor growling again . at that moment i already knew what that meant so i slowly looking around searching for . . anything . ' s door was open . as i crossed the door i felt the cold wind of the outside probably an open window . the house empty cold and silent . everything was a mess the couch upside down everything in the had fallen to the ground broken glasses and it like an earthquake that everything . then i did something probably really stupid " ? ! are you here ? ? " no response as i turned on the corridor toward his room " please tell me you ' re here ! " that ' s when i ' a voice from the bathroom " . . ? " he was alive . i ran happy to hear his voice . i froze just in time as and surpassing me . in the room on the opposite side of the corridor a figure was looking at me . my dog saved me just in time to turn and look at that slim shadow . i immediately ' s sister . she was standing just like one of those people and in the dim light i could see her young face once cute now twisted with the same dark running on her . her whole face was locked like she was screaming making her an horrible and grotesque version of the scream . " ? ? are you really here ? ? " voice brought me back to reality . i was sweating now with my back on the wall on looking at that twisted version of my friend ' s sister . that poor girl . " y yes . i ' m here . you ' re good in there ? i thought you were dead " " i ' m only lucky . maybe too lucky . i ' m starting freezing here . two days ago i was taking a shower my father the door and . . i don ' t know what the went off and i screaming . first my father then my mother and last my sister . just as i was opening the door someone knocking violently so i locked myself here . i tried to call for help but my phone was on the other room . the only reason i ' m still alive is that i kept warming up with clothes from the washing machine and with hot water from the shower . i drank from the tap but i knew i ' t go outside someone kept knocking without stopping until some ago . i even someone breaking in on the other maybe some taking advantage of the situation . . ? " as he was telling what i was looking at his sister without moving . i feared that even blinking would cause my death . how could i tell him what to his family ? " yeah . . listen to me i ' m going to bring you to my house . i have a lot of to eat . but you have to understand . i think that your family got infected by something . i don ' t know what it is but my are telling me that it ' s nothing good . i think it ' s something like rabies or . . i don ' t really know . you have to get out take the stuff you need and run with me . " he stayed silent for a while maybe he was trying to believe me " they ' re like the man i saw through the door some days ago ? " " yes " then silence . i think we stayed like that for maybe then i the key turning and he the door . i him gasping as he at his sister " don ' t touch her please we don ' t know if it ' s contagious . " i ' m sure he tried with all of his to don ' t do something stupid and luckily he was strong enough to contain himself maybe like me he understood immediately that something was wrong with her . i stayed all the time there watching over her making sure she ' t move . he later understood that for some reason until she was watched by someone she was going to stay still . he rapidly got everything some food clothes phone . my dog felt his discomfort so him all the time his tail . that surely as even at one moment . " my ? " " i don ' t know . i ' t saw them " " . let ' s go " i tried to tell him everything i understood about those " infected " i told him about the on the night and the white and red . we agreed that the next morning we would go to the police station something was happening and we had to tell someone . during the road back home nothing we both just around like two . everything was silent and calm and we my house . was silent for the rest of the night but i ' t blame him . i him talking during the night probably he had a nightmare . i hope he ' get better . in the morning we prepared to go out leaving my dog at home . as we on the streets looking around with the rare and lone people we saw we saw ' s condominium in the distance . the were black by . part of the roof and all the were now broken someone burned the entire building down . this story actually about four before i was even born . the exact date been lost to history but in early tragedy struck my small rural . in what since been the hole some claim this name is for the entire property but i grew up being told it was just the farmhouse three that had been extremely close for all lived together on a rather sizable farm . seven and eight fifteen people living under one roof . but despite the sizable population the mood inside that farmhouse was always said to be cheery . that is until one of the in the home came into the local sheriff s office assistance . according to two of the were in the on the property when they came upon a ghastly scene . about a dozen all to . not eaten but torn apart . the then that a few after finding this they a howl from above . they up and saw what they a jagged man from tree to tree . the father assumed that a was their land the sheriff agreed and went out to s property . after a survey of the area the sheriff confirmed the animal mutilation but t find whatever had done the deed nor any evidence that had been out there . the sheriff told and the rest of the that if they saw anything else to contact him . they t though not only that they stopped people in general . all seven stopped showing up to work and the had a spotty attendance at school . it was rare for all eight to be in class usually only a few up . but in early one of those did show up and during their free time that day a boy that child a little girl about what he had about her family and the genuinely concerned . this is usually where of the story differentiate but most agree that the girl told him a variation of all the are far too busy to leave our new guest them digging day and night but he we should be all set after tonight . i hope so . later on that day the boy told his father who was actually close with about what the little girl told him . despite a heavy blizzard the boy s father drove out to the farm . due to the snow it took far longer than it should have and looking back it s fair to say that the man was too late . upon the man had to slam on his when his truck nearly fell into a large hole . the man got out and was to see all through out the property . despite the heavy snowfall recently the were deep enough that the snow only came to about the halfway mark in each one . the man was rushing to the front door when he a rotten smell and stopped in his . the man was a world war two veteran and knew that smell very well . his jaw the man the scent to one specific hole positioned right in front of the porch and with extreme hesitation a flashlight into the hole . fifteen onto each other almost completely unrecognizable all laying in a hole filled with their viscera and gore . for a town of what was then two hundred this case shook everyone to their core . the local police went into overdrive every able bodied adult in the town to try to piece a story together . they scoured the land looking for but only one thing out to them . the inside of the farmhouse was with blood and spatter in every room except for one . the master bedroom was not only spotless but it had been . it like a makeshift throne room complete with a chair with rug to the seat . despite an extensive investigation the case remains unsolved to this day . one would hope that the would end there but sadly not even close . in what like a complete horror cliche on ninth a young couple terry and had been by their to stay the night in the farmhouse and as i m sure you can guess it ended horribly . after not hearing from the pair for an entire day the couple s the police who went out to the old farm . the very first thing the police saw was a freshly dug hole sitting right in front of the porch . the assumption here was that the had set them up and the couple but every single suspect involved had an airtight alibi . the scene almost identical to the one from in the hole the house an absolute wreck all except for the master bedroom which to defy time and remain pristine . this time the the hole out on the theory that maybe a drifter was there but after nearly a week they it off and a fence around the property . on th two one and the other were doing some early morning hunting in a patch of about two from the hole . at some point that morning the were . the younger brother benjamin severe head but was able to escape somehow . the elder one was declared missing once an injured and benjamin was found wandering close to the road . a search was and our town for that man like people possessed but after three days a grim and silent consensus was check the hole . this was the first time the crime scene from before . body had been sliced in half his lower half laid in a freshly dug hole right in front of the farmhouse porch but his upper half was positioned outside the master bedroom door . benjamin was extensively to retrieve even a single snapshot of what that day but the he led to serious memory loss . though one of the first who benjamin on that morning that he said to her he s like when the cat is folded like an accordion ! before falling back asleep . i have absolutely no idea why the hole t after that death but the decision not to led to what last week . i have always been close with my cousin we were practically inseparable growing up . so you can imagine how i felt when i was informed that she was missing and that the back door of her home had been off the . i t sleep for days my ass was up and down the entire town screaming turning over i her back . after two days the worst was . i to go there with police and after a twenty minute argument i was to ride along . have you ever been in the stomach ? i mean full force no holding back . well that s how i felt when i in the hole and saw s head laying on top of her arms . i was told that the rest of her body had again been positioned in front of the master bedroom door . for days i had to console half the town all the while a rage grew inside of me . every i m sorry for your loss it just a bit more . i t even thought about the hole until s ex went on a tirade about how the constantly sit on their and let that place haunt this entire town . three of later a plan was . under the cover of darkness last night my brother two of my and i made our way to the hole carrying five full of gas . the police had another which yet again no so the hole sat there unguarded . as we watched the grow and eventually engulf the farmhouse all five of us stood there on our feeling as though we were a demon . this may sound cliche but it felt like a spiritual experience . the fire was quietly dealt with and neither the fire department nor the police on it . they likely even know we did it but honestly i think they re just happy the place is gone . i don t know to what extent we if this is all over or not but personally i am to have the hole reduced to a pile of ash . " what do you mean there is no second season ? " the man who sat across from me was tall his tweed sweater looking dumpy in my very office as he warmly at me from his position . if you ' t know who you were looking at you would believe you saw a shoe salesman or a store clerk or something much less grand than he was . the man none of the a writer usually and none of the pomp of a playwright or a screenwriter . he was a very plain man with a rather mad little grin on his face . he was however and that led me to attempt courtesy . " just as i said there is no second season " he said sitting back with the causal grace of one who ' t a serious matter unto his boss . but i to see how strained it . that smile had always been warm if not a little plain but now it a little crazed . there were dark under his and his were continually sliding over his cheek . he kept glancing at the corner of my office and i to see what was so interesting but saw nothing . his manic kept darting but i ' t sure what they saw . his behavior ' t so uncommon though . we had been working hard on this show of ours ' t we ? the last six had been nothing but and as the need for them grew . had been cloistered for nearly six days as he worked on the new script and just as it we might be ready he was trying to back out . and now he was talking about walking away . was talking about this as though it were nothing . ' t talking about trivial . this ' t the end of some pointless drama some asinine action series that could just be with one of the other countless on today . he ' t talking about ending a low budget show that barely a thousand and he certainly ' t telling me to take news upstairs that would result in me getting a pat on the back and a promotion . was talking about revue the single most popular ' s show on our station . he was talking about ending my career . had made his submission about two ago during an open call and though i ' t seen much in it it had focus tested very well . revue was a show about an old theater hall which had been by a troupe of who were by . there was . the director and playwright and his clark and a lion puppet . they were by their orchestra various animal and the who had a magic baton . the baton would throw music onto the screen and lead the in sing throughout the show . these were usually classical of to the performance and the show taught about music and various about friendship and and whatnot . the hall also had a ghost that lived there and sometimes the troupe get through by taking up much or on stage . on the surface the show ordinary and not particularly original . the however it . they . the big nosed puppet with the brush mustache and his ability to get through any situation . they love and clark the who each other despite being at odds almost constantly . they and his obnoxious growl could be from the arms of half a million on the street as they their white lion to their and made it roar in jubilation . they the animal orchestra all of them in little with that the music . above all though they the ghost that hall . were almost always scary or off for but this ghost was helpful and to like the acting troupe because they took care of her theater . she often them stop the bank director a weasel faced puppet . was always trying to foreclose on the old theater and every episode to contain some scheme that he so he could tear down the theater and use the land for or a parking lot or something . the usually ended with being before taking back their land and the troupe their successful show . in the year it had been on the air they had shot twenty . on those had been through the roof almost at once . it saw higher than some for a show that during their " ' s slot " and the network had the it brought in . they them so much they had even it at four as well so they could reach a audience . the revue toy line had been one of the best selling this season and they had branching out into other as well . they had a clothing line available at most any retailer hygiene as well and ' s dinnerware that to be impossible to keep in stock . the special at hall had during prime time and been seen by over a million people . they had beaten out established on three other quite a feat for a show that had been on the air for less than a year and the such a show on their line up . now this little man was telling me that there would be no more show . as if that was his decision . i across my desk giving him a hard look as i tried to make sense of what he was saying . " you a contract for thirty . revue is only twenty long as it . you owe us ten more at the very least to complete your contractual obligation . " kept grinning at me but there was something in his face that ' t mesh with that smile . the smile ' t quite go all the way to his and his worried . to hell with that his . my aunt had when i was young and i had seen one of them look just like that at a snake that had into its pen . at me as though he was looking at his death and it was either die or stomp it into the dust . " i am aware of my contractual . here " he slid a check across the desk to me and i it was the advance we had given him on the first twenty five " i ' t it yet i was going to wait until i was done but i can ' t do it . i ' . . . i ' my mind about the show . it to stop . " i could see the fear working in him his growing wide as they around the room . was he high ? what the hell was going on here ? " is it another offer ? is it . . . you ? they may have but the at ' s grotto are just as talented as " " no no well i have had but my contract is with you and i ' honor it . no the show just . . . to stop now . if it goes on i ' m afraid of the . " i drew in a deep breath cocking my head at . " have you been ? " he away his darting to the again " not by anyone that you can save me from . " i across the desk again fixing my face into something understanding . i out to pat ' s as he them on the desk . he drew them away and put them in his lap but not before my own came away slick with sweat . he was his skin clammy like a fish . i had worked with enough to know high when i saw it and he was throwing up more red than a super bowl referee . " are you ? you seem very tense . maybe there ' s a place we can take you for a little while someplace where you can get less tense . " he not to understand at first but disgusted when it finally home . " i am not on . i don ' t need to cleanout . its ah hell it ' s the ? the want to lead this show in a direction i am not comfortable with . " i an eyebrow at him " the ? you mean the ? " the were strange that was certain but they were just after all . they were three to as the collectively . their design was strange almost like a shadow person the size of the rest of the cast . in every episode there was a part where . would sit at his desk and think of that day ' s theater piece . he would unroll a piece of the dry brown paper like a scroll and take up his feather quill and sit to write . he would hover it over the paper over the desk waiting for the to inspire him . these three shadow would scamper out onto the set leaning close and seeming to whisper in his ear . . would and ah and make all the appropriate as he scribbled down that day ' s play or musical piece or skit or whatever he to be doing that episode . the would leave once he " eureka ! " and brought that day ' s plot back to the and the orchestra . the had always focus tested very poorly but was insistent that they be part of the show . no muse plushy sat on a ' s bed not unless they had it custom made . did not like the . they found the idea of a shadow person who into their ear scary . i ' d received from about how their would have about the little one in particular from a guy in canada who told me he had to take a double dose of his anxiety medication after tuning in just as they on stage . some trauma in his childhood or something but letter usually a little more than you them to . we had been after to get rid of them since the pilot but he had firm that they stay . it he might have his mind now . " yeah well . . . no not really . see the are based on my own . they ' come to me originally with the show ' s idea and ever since they have been to help move it along . the part in the show where . down and they whisper in his ear is how they tell me the direction of the show . " i kept my silence and let him continue . i had two going but i to let finish before i decided which one i better . the first theory was that he was holding out for more money . knew what the show was worth now and he thought he should have been more than he got . he ' t be the first but we had a contract and in that was how were done . the second theory was a little less palatable . the second theory was that had snapped . " well lately they want the show to go in a different direction . they want to add new people i don ' t know and when i try to refuse they threaten to hurt me . " " new character ? the cast is pretty well full ' t it ? we had a budget for five and we pretty well shot it and more with that animal band of yours . " " these new character . i think . . . i think they ' re real people . they want to add an actor to the group like someone from a comedian a surgeon a . . . i don ' t know who any of them are . they whisper to me about them and i can ' t make them stop . " it was almost horrific to watch as he broke down . his face to shift like there were underneath it and as he spoke his like they to pick at the skin around his face . yeah he definitely ' t trying to haggle for more money . was losing it quickly losing it . maybe this was salvageable . maybe we could get some help and put him back on track . we ' d all been working long i ' d done a few twelve hour days myself just last week but was clearly and it was affecting his judgment . " frank let ' s be reasonable here . you ' re and it like maybe not sleeping well . why don ' t you take a couple of days off clear your head and come back with a new " frank nearly at me and he forward so quickly that i back at the idea that he meant to bite me . " there won ' t be don ' t you get it ? i thought they to help me ? i thought they to make my into something great but all they was to use me ! they want to use the show to get at . they want them hooked so they can take them and make them and make them just like them . " " the want to make the like them ? " he buried his in his hair and his face to spasm between barely rage and a kind of crazed glee . " haven ' t you been listening ? you have to cancel the show now ! these new . . . they ' t like the ! they ' re different . they want to reveal themselves to them and make their play . well i won ' t be part of it . i won ' t have something i made turned into something like this . you cannot put this on the air . you can ' t let them win . if this show goes on the will suffer . " i had understood only one piece of information from all his and it gave me some small glimmer of hope . " so you do have new ? " he away now of me it . his to the corner again and he to realize that he had said too much . it that frank had been busy after all while he was cloistered in his study . it he ' t meant to drop that little but it had slipped out nonetheless . " i ' t have . . . forget i said anything . i need to go . " he himself up looking around for the door as he tried to make his escape . " you ' re under contract frank . if you have new they are ours under contract . we ' need you to turn over our property . " " never " he said looking around frantically " never ! you ' never get them and there will never be any more " he said backing away as his ping between the . i saw them around like a crazed animal frank looking for an exit and when he found one i got up and tried to stop him before he could make good on their threat . my office is on the eighth floor . all the up here have that are supposed to be shatterproof . they don ' t open people in my line of work tend to bomb hard and management ' t want anyone their severance package from the sidewalk . i had a bird hit that window once coffee all over my keyboard in surprise when it did . it left a big red streak that i had to get after maintenance to clean for three days before a bucket truck came and it off . frank proved i guess that the ' t so shatterproof . it was all very sad a rising star who ' t handle the . i said as much at his funeral bought a new just for the occasion . i stood behind the podium and told them how i had tried my best to talk him down but he had made two very clear that day in my office and i meant to honor the last . he had told me that he ' t take the pressure and that there was nothing i could do to stop him from killing himself . on that he had been right . i could do something about the second though . frank had made it very clear that the show must go on and with the last five already on my desk we would see that frank ' s legacy lived on . it was the least we could do for our dearly departed frank . my my brother out of the house on my th birthday . for leading up to that fateful day he d extremely worrying and self destructive behavior behavior my first tried to let him correct himself and then tried to curb with their own . he begrudgingly therapy sessions both individual and group at their command on the ever looming threat of police involvement . these sessions proved either entirely futile or only temporarily effective and my brother would always eventually resume his terrible seedy behavior . he ' d stolen before trifling that my always found excuse to overlook . a few here and there never but not sorely . but when he stole from my father the night before my birthday he then made a grave mistake . not only had he taken two hundred from my father s wallet which alone would ' been serious cause to finally alert the he ' d stolen all the money put aside for my birthday celebration . i ' m not someone who over i always found them a bit too prideful but my however consider them as important as any family holiday and insist upon a celebration each year . luckily for them my brother s latest birthday had prior to the beginning of his personal downfall so they t to awkwardly reconcile the discontinuity between their love of and him being undeserving of a celebration . my brother wasted no time in spending the money he d stolen it within of snatching it from my sleeping father ' s wallet . when my sibling returned later in the in the early morning mind fried and stumbling he woke everyone in the house and the were soon connected . he ' d been profoundly out of his mind which could only have meant that he ' d spent a considerable amount of money on very potent . my father without to engage in the familiar and tired conflict and interrogation rushed back upstairs to his room and found his empty wallet . when he the he t red faced and fuming as i had him to be . he came down very calmly looking almost relieved . for a second i thought that perhaps my brother t stolen the money had found some other way to fund his sickness . but when my father the bottom of the i saw the empty wallet he ' d been carrying . it hung loosely with only a few visible in one of the side . the main pocket for cash was vacant . my brother s gaze lazily down to the wallet and i saw some glimmer of shame deep within his glazed and far off . my father did not look at me or my mother . he directly ahead and my brother who stepped back a bit but t otherwise react . my father into the of his son for a moment and then said get out . my brother something inaudible to me at least in response to which my father promptly for all to hear get out and never come back . this family is done with you . without another word he turned and went back up the . and i swear the unmistakable smile of relief on his face grew with each step he . my brother had where he d been standing slack jawed and my mother had turned away from him . i could not hear the of her crying but i saw her trembling and her had gone to her face . as if my father ' s had been in their arrival to his my brother finally of comprehension and awkwardly in place . he turned to me and i could do nothing but look down . i t to admit it to myself at the time but i was somewhat relieved by my father ' s command as well . times had been extremely tense the atmosphere of the house had been with distrust and bitterness and the total of my brother like it would immediately better the situation . my brother at my for a moment and then turned towards the door . before heading out he removed something from his pocket and set it in the bowl on a small table by the door in which we keep our . wordlessly he stepped out and softly closed the door behind him . my mother t seen the package he d put in the bowl her back was still turned so i went over and took it . it was a shopping bag and inside was a bundle of cash all . i it and it again and my heart sank as i the total of twice . while he had still stolen the money he d only spent fifteen of it . but it was too late to call out to him and hope that he d be back by our dad perhaps begrudgingly accepted with a admonishment than usual . my brother had already gone away by the time i had done my double count . still i ran upstairs and my dad the money . he d been lying on his bed in his room casually watching . i in the money onto the bed and told him how much was there thinking he ' d leap up and call my brother to welcome him back . but he t move t even turn his attention from the . he transferred the bundle of cash from the bed to his and said i don t care . i ' m tired of it . i left his room as silently and perhaps just as as my brother had left the house . as i my room i my mother ascend the and the subsequent groan of bed as she settled on the bed beside my father . a few later i even lighthearted laughter . six . i had a very nice birthday that day despite the of the early morning adequately funded by the money my brother t spent . the collective happiness of the family grew as the days went by and while i had felt a little guilty about that my never dipped my father never remorseful about the decision he ' d made . we t hear from my brother throughout that entire period no or legal summons of any kind . i was of him every day by the he d left behind even though my father had taken all his down two after his departure . my mother had this meekly but by the conclusion of the first month she d already made to transform his room into a workshop of some kind . no one had suspected my brother s return . there were no of it . no premonitory or gut . no prescience of any kind . it just six after our father had unceremoniously him from the family and his home . i was home i attend a nearby community college and helping my re organize the garage a surprise gift of for my father who d been meaning to do the same but t had time with his protracted at work . as i a tool cabinet from one end of the garage to the other and my mother swept the dust and debris left in my wake someone the house and stood at the garage s threshold . the person wore a grey hoodie and jeans and despite the sunlight streaming into the garage his face was entirely concealed in the shadow cast by his hood . i t recognize the clothing and my mother t either so neither of us knew at first that our family member stood before us . i the unknown person if they help whilst subtly moving myself in front of my . none of our had ever us something for which we have my brother to thank so someone showing up unannounced on our property was a huge red flag for me . in response the person turned their shadow head to examine the garage . instinctively my went towards the shelf where i had set dad s toolbox my immediate thought being that this person was boldly to steal . just as i was about to ask him the same question again albeit with a little more edge in my tone he removed his hood revealing a face that made my heart skip a bit drew a gasp from my mother . the head of the person was bald although from the way the scalp thin and worn i was given the impression that no ordinary razor had cut the hair from it . the face beneath was severely scarred of disturbed flesh either by blade or some other implement sickeningly across the and over the misshapen perhaps broken nose . the thin lipped mouth was set in a line of faint pink by a scar that ran from the left nostril down to the chin . it really like a flurry of had that face or some savage animal had done its grisly work in a attack . the however darkly and unblemished as if therein twin of some ancient hatred kept from intensity by the human of this strange figure . but despite the frightening visage i somehow recognize my brother . i m sure my mother had as well otherwise i doubt she would cautiously advanced to approach that scarred and callous eyed image through familiarity and nearly forgotten of motherhood . before her stood her son who had obviously a great deal of torment . but even though i my sibling beneath the i did not feel any brotherly love towards him and felt none emanate from him towards me . even if his t been two fiery his posture alone spoke of a ire that to burst forth at any given moment . instinct told me to run and hide but not in some darkness because somehow through some sense of perception not normally by conscious focus i sensed that my brother had an affinity with darkness and would have no problem me from amongst the . instead my me to flee beneath the safety of some all revealing and all light and yet again with that same preternatural sense i knew that there no light powerful enough to save me from his darkness piercing . so i to my conscious brain which me to reach out and seize my mother before she could reach him . my carried me forward my arms out and i would had her under ordinary but my brother was much faster . with a quickness of movement totally unlike anything he d in the past he shot forward and her in a forceful embrace . she cried out in surprise and before i could reach either of them he leapt into the air and there himself and my mother above my head . totally out of my reach i could do nothing but watch petrified as he my mother by only her hair in front of him . she against the strain on her scalp and about madly but he on remorselessly as if she were an animal in his trap . i at him to let her go hurling and vitriol unlike anything i d ever spoken before . he me and with his free hand something from a pocket of his hoodie . it was a small plastic bag and inside sat a strange black dust like the sand of some far off and exotic beach . he the bag within his palm dumping the sand therein and then let the empty bag fall to the driveway . he then raised his palm in front of my mother and the full collection of dust into her face . at first she writhed and even more violently than before . but as the her until her entire body went rigid and she hung limply by her hair . my brother apparently finished his torment of her let her body fall . i was already by terror by the time he let her go . the thought to try and catch her t arrive in my mind until after she d landed . slowly my brother himself to the driveway and his fierce and infernal gaze was then set on me . the fear that gaze inspired galvanized me to self action and i found myself running at him with murderous intent rather than away from him . before i could draw back my arm to deliver a punch a hand shot forward with my chest in an open palm strike that stopped me in place but did not send me back . the strike itself did not hurt but had somehow me entirely immobile . i could not move was totally frozen in place as if some gaze had swept over me . i some terrible fate then . but my brother merely stepped behind me and over the still body of my mother and into the garage . soon after i the interior garage door open and close . night and i was still in place by some physically unconquerable sorcery . my lack of discovery by any or passing led me to believe that more than one strain of magic was at play . while we were not generally by our neighborhood it was still nonetheless a busy one . and yet not a single bystander had by not a single car had driven along the road . when the moon had taken on the mantle of the night and shone down brightly upon the pavement my father s car finally into the driveway . already in the moonlight i was utterly blinded by the as they combined with the lunar brilliance . my father got out of the car looking somewhat amused as if he thought i d been doing some kind of comical display . but his expression quickly turned to worry and panic when he saw the immobile figure of my lying uncovered it was fairly cold on the driveway her body twisted in a posture that t have been comfortable even for a contortionist . my paralysis was absolute . i t even move my to offer to his many as he tried to resuscitate my mother who was equally unresponsive albeit due to a different breed of diabolism . realizing that our were beyond his understanding he in his pocket for his . but as i from his the phone was dead . he it back into his pocket then mine . i d left my phone inside in the day to charge and my mother rarely carried hers on her . only later my father was rushing into the house in search of a phone to use to call for help . had he merely and brought the attention of the few who t any strong about us he might saved himself from the doom that ultimately him . the horror of that night only for a few more but frozen there like some statue in the moon s reflected glow it felt like an eternity during which my heart beat rapidly incessantly and my mind was filled with and of ineffable evil that still creatively inadequate to the profane reality of what in the house . i and the former of some human in immense pain and the latter of some feral and ravening beast but no beast man had ever known but a beast from the bottommost pit of the of all to the surface by ancient and supremely powerful devilry . the plainly by my father rose and fell at and i darkly at what kind of preservative magic could sustain someone being so viciously fatally tortured . finally after a particularly awful scream that brought a paralysis shiver to my body my father s voice out completely . a moment later i the interior garage door open and sensed a presence glide slowly towards me . the image of my brother past and the crimson upon his clothing shone horrifically in the lunar glow . he took one final look at my mother and softly some something i t hear some low spoken incantation . my mother s form immediately relaxed and she soon away from him as a wounded animal might from a predator that had in dealing the final death blow . locking with her my brother knelt down and from his pocket another bag of the strange black sand . he waved it in front of him then it into her lap . i had her to recoil from the bag or to toss it away from her in fright and disgust . but instead she scooped it up in her as if it d been a purse of precious . my brother then a thin lipped grin of black malevolence and rose to his . he stepped in front of me and whispered something into my ear . it was a bizarre and alien tongue whose to weave that bespoke of and lore incompatible with the mundane three dimensional of humankind . and yet that unrepeatable language had had an effect on my body because my paralysis was suddenly and totally ended . i backwards though i that i could actually escape harm if my brother thought to deliver it . without casting another glance at my mother he turned away and said she will yearn for the soot of the black horologist . while you may not have it her paralysis was not one of pain but unimaginable ecstasy . the few she spent in that state had to her like an eternity of ever mounting bliss of wading in of sensorial pleasure of soaring through kaleidoscopic skies of beatific and bountiful wonderment . there are no in the of any terrestrial race that can adequately describe the ultra celestial glory of with the black horologist and that is what one does when they inhale the soot of his far flung and scorched home . she will yearn for more and i provided her with just enough for her to again experience that wicked ecstasy . but when that is exhausted she will seek me out and you will never see her again . after that evil and premonitory pronouncement my brother left the property . despite everything my mother still her into the bag and let the soot fall between them . her were madly fixed upon the and her expectantly . i to rip the bag away from her but her form and claw curled gave the impression that she d react with hostility if i even so much as towards her . i stepped past her forming in my and the home . i was certain of my father s demise but still to see to what horrible extent it had been . the scene inside the house was abysmal and i won t retell what i saw but know that the physical of human flesh had been and the unpreceded and blasting of the material that contain our and had . this is where my story . a day since that night of sorcery and morbidity and my mother since . i sat in total shock for the rest of the night and into the early morning completely insensate not even to alert the . sometime shortly before noon i enough sense to arise from the fetal position that i d curled into on the living room floor where i d been surrounded by my father if you can possibly comprehend what i mean . i about the house aimlessly going from room to room as if to both reanimate my terror and clear the of gloom from my mind . it t until i stepped on an empty plastic bag in the garage that i knew my mother had what my brother had given her and had left to pursue him for more . and just like that i was alone without a family in any traditional sane sense . my name is and i can see the future . i m sure some of you are rolling your right now in disbelief which is the point of my namesake . no one me . and like of old i see . it took a while before i i was different . i t make sense of my at first . they were . terrible flashing before my like the last of an old film as the reel out . then as i to understand that these t reality i assumed everyone had these strange . it t something you d ask your about or perhaps i did and my it as a child s fanciful until i stopped . i don t remember . i was young . it t until my great uncle that i this t how the world was . it was my first brush with death . i d seen it him at the of his house before his off and he to the smoke and him . at the funeral i intently to the speak in about how abrupt this was . how no one had it how the house was new enough that it t have had faulty wiring like that . how they wish he d to change the to the smoke alarm and while there was still time to get out . i all these and thought but t you know ? t you see ? i learned two that day . the first was that i saw were not just a child s fancy . they were of the future specifically how the person i was looking at would die . the second was that i was the only one that saw them . i t learn my next lesson until i was older . i was in fourth grade . i was shy but that was all . i t have many . there was a boy in my class that would try to climb the maple tree in the playground during recess . the made him get down each time . one morning i into the classroom and as my traveled across the leading to my desk i saw him . lying twisted at the bottom of the tree his head bent over to touch his shoulder . i ran to my teacher and urgently told her i had something important to say . in private . we went out into the hall and i told her that he was going to die . today . while climbing the tree . she upset at what i was telling her and at the time i it as she was angry at me for doing something wrong . now that i am older i can understand how disconcerting it might be to have one of your suddenly telling you in all seriousness that someone was going to break their neck and not in an abstract fear but in a concrete sense that this would happen soon . she told me not to say such disturbing and we went back into the classroom . but i was desperate . so i to tell everyone . the gym teacher . the math teacher . the other . finally i was sent to the principal s office to calm down and while i was there the bell rang and my went out to recess . while i sat crying in the principal s office as he gently tried to explain that there was nothing to be afraid of my classmate higher than he normally did in defiance of the yelling at him stepped on a branch that broke and fell and landed on his neck . it snapped . he instantly . none of the other to me after that . they how i had told them that he would die and then he did . the me warily . like i was a snake waiting to strike . there were sessions with the counselor my were in and i to be in small subtle ways . snickering and silence as i went through the . into my locker . it was a relief when my family to another state . i could start over . but by then i d learned my lesson . when a student at the new school treatment for leukemia i t tell anyone the chemotherapy t going to save her and her death everyone who had been futilely she would recover . at least they t angry though . they t hate me for it . i never again told someone they would die and i in silence seeing these horrific and knowing that when i said to someone that was the last time i would see them alive . i suppose my story could end there with me being the silent and resentful to watch but never able to act . it t though . a year ago i picked someone up . i was driving for a and as soon as he got in the car i saw a vision of him thrashing in my body rigid face red and gasping for air . i could see some of the scenery through the window . it would happen after we got off the highway near his destination . roughly twenty five until he had a heart attack and . i was anxious as i drove towards the on ramp . he tried to make small talk but i silent not knowing what to say . it t matter if that would normally affect my rating he was going to die before he could give it . a morbid thought i admit . i to scream . bad enough that i had to see how people would die and t do anything about it but now i was going to have someone die in my car right in front of me . unless i off a few early . he piped up that i d taken a wrong exit but i said nothing . i just kept driving . his annoyance quickly turned to anger . he me . that i turn around and stop around and then he that i let him out . instead i turned into the drive for the hospital s er department and finally stopped the car . he wrenched at the door handle and let himself out screaming at me . me all of horrible . i heart pounding shaking . there was a cold sweat on my brow . just five more now if my estimation was correct . he stalked up and down the sidewalk face growing redder and punching furiously at his . then as a security guard was coming out to see what the commotion was it . he fell to his and his chest . the inside were quick to respond and he was wheeled inside . i t stay to see what next . i drove away and found someplace quiet to pull over and calm down . i think he what i did . i know he lived because he gave me a perfect rating and the biggest tip the would allow . after that i had an idea . maybe i t save people by telling them what would happen but i could still save people . i still drive for this . this time i have an ulterior motive . i make sure to look at my when they get in the car . and rarely very rarely i see something . it t always as simple as the man that had the heart attack . the timing t been nearly so convenient since then . i have to be smart about it . i take them to where they want to go drop them off and leave . then i write down their starting location and destination . days maybe later i start those . seeing if it is part of their routine . if it t there t much i can do after that . but sometimes it is . i follow them . i wait until i have an opportunity . and then i save them however i can . sometimes it s as simple as slashing someone s so they can t drive to a restaurant as . or a quick trip to the hardware store and then ringing someone s doorbell posing as a representative of the city s home safety commission out free carbon monoxide . the first time i was nervous but it was more that i would be caught . i t see them dying of a brain hemorrhage after all . i saw them dying of a rapidly growing brain tumor they had no idea . so i threw a brick at her head and i can only hope they saw something that would clue the off to the tumor s existence when she went to the er for a concussion . the person that was going to drown ? i went to the bowling aisle he had his league at and my ball on his hand as he was reaching for his own . i t even have to fake crying because i was sorry i d hurt him . but it s hard to go swimming when your hand is broken . i can only hope that his seaside vacation was spent drinking safely on the beach . and the person that was going to die in a ski accident well it s hard to ski when both your have been after being struck by a hit and run driver . sometimes the guilt eats at me . i can hear their in my head if i sit still for too long . i don t want to hurt people . i m so every time i do . i get caught they get away i won t hurt them in just the right way to circumvent the fate waiting for them . my still shake each time but it only a moment of resolve and then it s over . for me at least . the road to recovery is long for the people i save but at least they will be alive by the end of it . at least they re alive . i guess i m just stalling by writing this . working up the nerve to go into the basement and put a nail into the of the person tied up down there . the one i saw driving on a nondescript highway at an unidentifiable time of the year just before another car into their lane and they lost control and rolled into opposing traffic . their family was in the car with them . it s a horrible thing seeing how people will die . seeing their last the fear and the despair . i lived with it my whole life . can you blame me for wanting to do something to stop it ? to banish these horrible i live with ? to save someone instead of that everything is fine and then going my own way knowing what i know ? i wish they could understand what i m trying to do for them . but i am and i am as much as my namesake was . i don t want your sympathy . i don t care about your anger . i just want someone to understand . if our ever meet i m doing this to save you . my dog had been acting strange almost suspicious . some nights i would wake to him standing over me mouth agape and drool dripping down onto my face . i feed him well and when he comes to me for food he always a guilty look in his . this t that . his no emotion whatsoever . during the day he was his regular old self and but at night he would creep around the house and spend a lot of his time in . he would sit there facing away slowly rocking and heaving gently . whenever i spotted him i would rush over and snap him out of it then he was back to his good old self . it felt like he t like being skulking around in the darkness as not to be seen but during the day he was all happiness and . lord what he got up to when i was asleep . i d thought to take him to the vet but it s so expensive he was eating well and otherwise fine . in fact i got the feeling he was eating a bit too much he was becoming podgy around the waist . time for a diet i thought we both one to be fair . but as time went on his behaviour more and more strange i d sit watching late at night and suddenly catch a glimpse of him out of the corner of my eye watching me from the next room and heaving . i swear i even saw him standing on his hind . eventually i decided to just bite the bullet . he s my best friend and his health is more important than money so i made an appointment with the an appointment we unfortunately . that night i stayed up with him determined to observe him in order to explain to the vet what was actually happening . we sat and watched most of the night he like his normal self . just my luck i thought now that the appointment is all set up he ' s going to go back to normal . the vet will examine him tell me he s a little chunky but completely otherwise . then i be and sent home with a few complementary . typical . at about am i went through to the bathroom i was only there a few but when i got back he was gone from his spot on the sofa next to me . i ' d the scramble of his on the hardwood floor as soon as i left the room . i out for him but he t come . as i made my way from room to room searching for him i to hear a squelching sound . it was subtle at first but gradually more and more guttural . it was coming from the bedroom . i the noise leading me through the darkness . the noise and as i the bedroom like the sound wet meat being slopped onto a cutting board . i the room and for the lamp as i turned it on my were drawn to the corner . sitting there over and rhythmically to the beat of the sound was my best friend . his watered as his whole body to twitch each muscle individually to what was happening beneath them . i edged closer to him my heart aching for the pain my friend was going through . i down to see his stomach begin to bulge and swell like something was writhing within it scraping its way out . the mound further and further up his body finally reaching his throat . i thought it would tear as whatever was inside forced its way out but instead it inflated like a water balloon . the writing mound his mouth and his jaw . i stepped back and my shot to my face . his tongue out of the side of his mouth immediately by cream sludge . then i could see it the creature that contorted and warped the body of my beautiful boy . i saw the worm . the were the first thing to emerge large frog like past his teeth extending outwards . then in the darkness of his throat i to see the worm s face . it was strange almost entirely human . it had two large as blue as my own and two tiny for a nose . just below that was a wide greasy mouth shining in the light of the lamp . it as it out of my dogs gaping maw . then it to gush out like from a pig . it s thick rope like body to go on forever as it onto my bedroom floor . when it s pointed tail finally to the floor with a thud so did my dog . the worm coiled its body and up at me hissing . it s arms down to the floor and it dragging itself towards me . out of instinct i tried to kick it but it me wrapping its whole body around my leg like a snake . i fell screaming and the worm over at me smiling a wan smile . then it its teeth and sunk them into my leg . i could feel it the bone . i out shortly after that . when i woke up the worm was gone . i over to my dog but had trouble moving i felt heavy . when i got to him he was already dead . whatever that thing was it had been living inside of him and when it was done it him . my best friend away that night his name was . this whole thing left me feeling sick to my stomach . i still have no idea what this awful parasite was or how it could have come to be inside of him . if anyone else experienced anything else like this i d love to hear from them . no amount of research brought me any and i m becoming desperate . i just want to know why this to my friend . when my father of an unexpected heart attack he left behind his wife and two teenage . as the younger daughter i tried my best to help my mother cope with the loss but there was only so much i could do . within a month my was back dating again . we were financially strapped at the time so my was quick to settle in with the juvenile officer pete who laid on the charm with his . and i the guy . he us like garbage . i t know if it was because of the stressful job he had dealing with youth but whatever it was he t stand being around us . he was always by our presence . we for our to leave him but he the . and that was that . after a month of living at pete s house tried to run away from home . rather than welcoming her back when he found her pete to get her enrolled at his juvenile detention facility for a six month stint . disgusted by pete s behavior i pretty much lived in my room to avoid him at all . and that s when i our neighbor s odd behavior . every as i sat near my bedroom window facing the street i a new carry into the house of our elderly neighbor . i never saw the leave the house . what i did see was s husband walk out a few later with a big garbage bag that he would load into the back of his truck . he then drove off . after watching them for five consecutive i brought it up with pete . pete told me the juvenile detention center sent teens there each weekend for community service . i t buy it . when i him why i never saw them leaving the house pete said they probably went through the or that they left at a time i t looking out the window . he told me to let it go and get a life . i on it but then one while my and pete were gone i saw my sister pull up to the house with . frightened by the thought that she would disappear for good i ran over to the house after and in and closed the door . when i on the front door nobody . i harder . nothing . i even for . no response . i a brick from the front yard and hurled it at the giant living room window . i over broken glass and saw sitting in a recliner . i her where was and she told me she was long gone . i ran up to and the recliner back sending her tumbling backwards . i past her and frantically for . i t see her anywhere so i ran upstairs . the master bedroom was empty but the guest bedroom door was closed . i it slowly and turned the handle quietly . when i inside i almost threw up . the room was filled with a dozen or so but the were not plastic . they were human the of the who carry . i was sure of it . i their . a collection of human with lifeless . i and out of the room . when i got back downstairs was struggling to get off the ground so i the recliner on top of her and gave her a nice kick in the face . there was one more area to check the basement . i a squirming noise as i into the basement . it was my sister . she was tied up to a table as a small doll outfit in front of her . he must have been hard at hearing because he did not notice me sneak up behind him and shove him . i untied and we both ran out of there . as we were crossing the street pete into the driveway with our . pete knew we saw everything . he our out of the car and sped off . when the they and . pete was eventually caught as well . and he to everything . each week he sent a different out to be . he said and kept his wallet full . and i got to help support our . we also told her it might be a good idea to take a little time off before dating again . she agreed . the first time i one of my past i was only four old . because i was so young i t really understand what was happening or the of what i was seeing . it was just of my but and gnarled around the throat of a red headed woman with sad olive colored . she me in the stomach knocking the wind out of me and tried to run . i a large white handled knife and after her . then i was digging a hole beneath a tall oak tree with bare in the middle of an empty meadow and tossing two garbage into it . that was it but it always stuck with me . when i got older i suspected what had but assumed i must just seen a movie i t supposed to and the imagery was so jarring to my undeveloped mind that i the memory in such vivid detail it felt as if i were carrying out the myself . i was ten the next time i experienced one of my past . this time it was far more pleasant than the previous one . i had just gotten done running a mile in gym class when i suddenly saw a scene play out before me of lying on a blanket in the at night . there was a small but well house nearby and beside me was a smiling man with a funny looking and in a period costume . we were holding and i could see that i had slim with long wearing a dress that the style of the man s suit . i up at the sky just in time to see a flash of light streak across the star covered canopy and there was a sense of joy that swelled within me . it was after this that i to consider the possibility that these might be more than just of i d watched on or read about in a book . over the these from completely alien to my own yet with a familiarity i t deny many more times . one night back in college i d them to one of my while smoking a joint in his dorm after a party and being the kind of fellow who was into the sort of new age mysticism stuff i never understood myself that i might be seeing of my previous . i brushed it off but the idea had been and the more i thought about the more sense it to make . i t imaginative enough to come up with these on my own and i kept thinking back to that first one i d clearly seen myself commit a murder and hide a body but as a pretty typical suburban bred child how would i have come up with such a dark situation without knowing about such yet ? six ago i had another vision of a past life and this one convinced me that these were absolutely real . i was just about to shave when it and i saw myself sitting at a desk in a dark office the lamp beside me the only source of light in the room . strewn across the desk were and but the thing i was the most on was a file in front of me that to be from a police report . it was from an investigation into a missing person abigail and to my horror the picture attached to the file a face i would anywhere . it was a face i d thought about often since i was a a red headed woman with sad grey . she was posing with a slight smile in the photo and her skin t look pale or clammy but i had no doubt it was the same person . when the memory had finished i t even bother washing the shaving cream off my face before rushing to my computer to search for the name abigail . after several different of the name with like missing person and murder i finally found the i d been . abigail was a woman who was missing on by her boss at the diner where she d worked after she t come in for two of her . he d told the police that she d never work without them first and he worried when he tried to call her without success . because she d lived alone had no living and mostly kept to herself nobody else she was gone before that . the down a few but nothing ever came of it and eventually the case simply went cold . there was one other article related to abigail that caught my attention . it was about a detective carter who had been working the cold case when he was found in his office at home by his wife shot himself in the head . he was only thirty one when he and everyone that knew him said he d always been a pretty happy fun loving guy but had become with trying to solve the disappearance . still they t believe he would take his own life . the thing that really struck me was the date of his death he . i was born on . that s only a little over nine later . i tried to continue just going about my life but i found myself constantly thinking about this new revelation . i if had seen what i d seen and that s why he felt such a need to figure out exactly what to abigail . maybe he felt some sort of responsibility for her death and it drove him to the brink desperately trying to uncover the truth . i was able to understand how that could happen as it was starting to happen to me . there was a sense of guilt gnawing at the back of my mind and i soon i t be able to rest until i d finished what had . i figured the best place to start my investigation was where it had in my previous life so i searching for information on s surviving . a few led me to discover that he had a daughter who lived a few away so i her to see if she still had any of her father s old . hi is this carter ? i when i someone answer the phone number my search had connected to her . who s this ? she hesitantly . my name s page i said . i been following up on a cold case your father worked ago the abigail disappearance do you happen to have or have access to anything related to it ? are you with the police ? no i told her . i m investigating it for personal . was she a relative ? i thought for a moment before yeah . and said well i got a bunch of from his office that my to throw out . i took them instead since it t seem right to just toss everything he d worked so hard on for so many . i can look through them and see if i find anything on . . . what was the name again ? i . abigail . abigail she repeated thoughtfully . i think that was the case he was working on when he she cut herself off and took a deep breath . before he . i d really appreciate that . i m kind of stuck on where to begin with this whole thing so any information your father had about the case would be a huge help . alright . how about i call you tomorrow and let you know if i find anything ? that d be great i said . i talk to you tomorrow . that night i had a strange dream it really t feel like a dream at all actually . it felt more like a memory from a past life but i d never experienced one of them in my sleep before . and this was the first time i ever saw something from the same past life more than once . this time i was in an old beat up truck driving slowly past a diner in a small rural town . i out the side window and saw abigail getting out of her car wearing one of those s style waitress . my gaze on her for a bit too long before to focus on the road ahead and taking off . the next day i got a call around mid morning from . she told me that she d found the i d about and to meet me at a nearby pub to give them to me . i her and to see her around offering to buy her dinner for her trouble . the town she lived in was just across the state line and the drive up there was actually pretty nice . i rolling and pastoral before at a town following my phone s to the pub . when i d and went inside i spotted a woman who a bit older than me wave me over . ? she as i . yeah . it s nice to meet you i said . nice to meet you too . i sat down on the opposite side of the booth she d and we both ordered some food when the waiter came over . once he d departed again she slid a folder across the table glancing around suspiciously . what s wrong ? i her giving her a curious look . nothing she sounding a bit embarrassed . i just always see people do that in . i guess there s no reason to act all shady about it . sorry . i and told her it s fine . thank you for getting this for me . i the folder up and through s . there were extensive and plenty of material for me to sift through later . i closed it back up and it down on the seat next to me . i d like to hear a bit more about your father if you don t mind . everything i d read about him said he was really to trying to solve this case . do you know why ? . i don t know . i was pretty young at the time so he t really talk about it in front of me much . did he investigate cold a lot ? i . not that i can recall she said . i know it t something he was working on officially . i don t think she lived anywhere near us so i m not really sure how he even found out about it . he looking into it in his spare time and he just to get more and more in it as time went on . did he ever mention anything about weird or something like that ? no looking down at the table for a few in rumination she back up and . i know my said he near the end . thought maybe he d gotten sick or something and never told us . he a bit withdrawn but there were always these where he to be his old self again and we d think the worst was behind us . and then he yeah i said the unspoken end of her sentence . i m sorry . our food and i tried to lighten the mood with some mindless conversation about what television we and which we . after we finished eating i her again for her help and the file as i to depart . before i left the table my arm and said in a serious tone don t let this case do to you what it did to my dad . if you can t figure it out just let it go . when i got back home it was already pretty late but i immediately searching through s file something might leap out at me . near the bottom of one of the last in the folder there was a hastily scribbled out marking that i sensed had some sort of significance . i turned the paper over and lightly went over the area with a pencil holding my breath as the from the were slowly revealed . when i d finished i brought the page over to a mirror and it up to see a name . just before i away i could sworn i saw a shadow pass over my reflection but when i back again nothing was there . i up on the name and searching through public finding that there was a who was born on and june . searching the u . s . census for brought up someone with the same and also provided an address . it was maybe an eight hour drive from me so i decided to make a trip out there the next day to see what i could find . however i was exhausted at this point so i headed to bed . i had another dream of a past life which i was fairly certain was of . this time i was sitting in the pickup truck outside of a small house a bag on the seat next to me . it was late at night but there was a light on in one of the and the silhouette of a woman could be seen behind the translucent . the air was heavy and warm and a gentle breeze through causing the to dance in the wind . i until the light was out the bag as i out of the truck and snuck towards the open window . brushing aside the curtain i could see through the the form of abigail fast asleep in her bed . into the bedroom i crept closer to her looming over her as she completely unaware of the danger that just above her . i my bag inside and out some duct tape . that was about when i woke up the cold sweat from my brow . such a restless sleep me to drag throughout the morning and i a bit longer than i d hoped before setting out on my long journey to find s house . i decided not to stop along the way wanting to make up the lost time and get there as soon as possible . however when i was about an hour away i was too to concentrate on the road so i off into a small town to get something to eat . i found myself drawn down a familiar road and when i came upon a diner i it as the one from my vision of stalking abigail . taking it as a sign i was definitely on the right track i and went inside to get some food . to my surprise the diner almost exactly as it had almost seventy ago . the even still wore the same style . i ordered a and soda it down as quickly as possible . as i was leaving the sun had completely beyond the horizon and the moon was just starting its trek into the star filled sky . i got into my car and sat there unsure as to why i t bring myself to leave . i spotted one of the carrying some garbage towards the behind the diner . there were no back there and a disturbing thought into my head . it would be so easy to grab her as she was all alone in the dark . nobody would see it happen and i could take my time watching as the life faded from her . shaking these off i decided it would be best if i got out of there immediately . maybe it was being at the scene from one of s but i t like the way it was making me feel . i returned to the empty highway and carried on with my drive wondering what i would find when i got there . i t know if he d had any family but something told me he t the type to have gotten married or had . there was no guarantee that it was even still there but at the very least i could ask around in case any of the anything about him . i finally made it to s town around but i was trouble the correct address . stopping at one of the with the on i rang the doorbell and for them to answer trying to figure out exactly how i should approach the topic . luckily a sweet old lady the door and she more than friendly . how can i help you young man ? she with a smile . this might sound weird but i m trying to find a house near here but i m some trouble . i gave her the address and added a man used to live there . you don t happen to remember him do you ? the woman gave me a curious look and said i do . been here since i was a little girl . s place is just down the street but nobody s lived there for many . probably not since he . all the and are so overgrown you can t see it from the road . why do you want to go there ? it s a long story i hesitantly . i m looking into a cold case where a woman and i believe might been involved . i t be she stated . there was always something off about him . when we were young our always us to stay away from him . i d see him driving around town in an old of a truck he had and he d just stare at us . gave me the . she gave me on exactly how to find the property but stopped me before i left . be careful young man she . i still get nervous when i go by that place . do whatever you came here to do and get out as soon as you can . it won t do you any good to linger there . when i at s property i had to get out to clear the way to the hidden driveway before i could make my way down it . an abandoned house sat a little ways in front of the thick of a forest and when i inside i found that it stank of filth and rot . i nearly several times as i over some of the debris strewn around the place refusing to touch anything with my bare but it was all just broken of furniture and of the or ceiling that t been completely by the fire or time . i by a mirror and back in horror at what i saw numerous glaring back at me from each cracked shard and none of them were mine . you t have come here i a menacing voice say in my head . i knew immediately that it was . i took my to the grave and now you will too ! i ran towards the back of the house kicking the door that was barely hanging on by a single hinge clear off as i rushed into the . what are you doing ? he with a cruel laugh . trying to escape from the voice in your head ? where you go i go my friend . there s nowhere to run nowhere you can hide . i always been with you and soon you be with me . i don t know why but i just kept going my vainly take me far away from the decrepit home following the overgrown remains of what used to be a path through the behind s yard . into me as i into the forest and i felt several open up across my face and neck but i to slow down . no matter how fast i went though s laughter rang out in my head just as loud as it had been before . he was right i t get away from him . the blood was pounding through my and my were on fire finally forcing me to stop to catch my breath . i tried to tell you . you re stuck with me . you t have gone looking into best left buried . i made the same mistake but i was than you i t try to dig up the past . i figured out that the only way to silence the voice was to give it what it . i gave you a chance to do the same but like you . maybe our next life will be more agreeable . when i ahead i the had to thin out and there was an empty meadow not too far off . with a deep breath i myself and moving towards it trying my best to ignore the pain rippling through my leg and the deep cramp in my side . as i stepped out into the field i felt sick right in the middle was a single oak tree looming high above its leafless reaching out as if trying to ensnare me . look familiar ? . you finally found what you were looking for . why don t you go see my handiwork for yourself ? i stood firm in place too to move but my to tremble and one foot stepped forward . then the other . i t stop myself from walking towards the tree no matter how hard i tried to fight it . as i crossed the meadow my stomach when i saw the patch of dirt just beneath the trunk of the giant oak . the grass to grow there as if the very ground itself had been with evil . i around and there were many more grassless scattered around the field and i was struck with fear by the of that fact . when i the base of the tree i down against my will stabbing my into the dirt and to dig . i the damp soil aside as i my way down into the earth until my hand landed on something hard . forced me to grab it and pull it free . when i brought it up towards my face my relief at it not being a bone from a corpse was short lived when i saw that i was holding a butcher knife with a long ivory handle . i buried this with abigail . she was my favorite so it felt appropriate . what about the ? i unsure if i really to know the answer . how many did you kill ? i t say for certain said with amusement . it was a lot . every time i felt the voice from the past i had to take someone s future . i kept them all here them in my beautiful garden . it s been a long time since i gotten to add to my collection i brought my hand holding the knife closer to my neck against my will feeling the cold steel against my skin as the blade touched it . i my wrist with the other hand desperately trying to hold it back . i to keep the knife from being dragged across my throat but s influence was than i could . tried to fight me too he and look what to him . just give in and let it happen ! no ! i cried out . there was a searing pain as the edge of the blade to slice into my neck but spurred on by the adrenaline rushing through me i to stave off s attempt to kill me . i could hear him roaring angrily in my mind his fury so overwhelming that it me entirely and i the knife to the ground . my head felt like it was about to split open and let his rage spill out but mercifully i out instead . while i was out i was blasted with horrific of every murder ever . i could feel his glee every time he took a life and it made me sick to my stomach to witness . when i finally came to i was still lying beneath the old oak tree but i t hear him in my head . i to run back to my car and leave that place behind forever but i to be sure before i went to the police . my heart beat furiously in my chest as i dug down into the nearby patch of dirt and my breath when i uncovered the top of a garbage bag . the stench alone was more than enough to confirm that a body had been buried there and i the contents of my dinner onto the grass beside me . the drive home was a blur i t stop until i was home and i went right to bed and cried myself to sleep . the next day i the police in s town to report what i d found . they me later for more information wanting to know exactly how i d discovered a field full of missing from over half a century ago but i obviously t tell them the truth . i just said that i d been investigating for a friend who knew one of the and most of the work had been done by carter before his own death . they me to return there to give my report but i really t want to ever go back there . i was grateful when they agreed to send an officer out in a few days to take my statement in person but before hanging up he said something that worried me . you said you d found a knife with one of the correct ? yeah i . i it near the tree before i left . i was still a bit dazed from what i d found out there . we t find a knife . are you sure you t take it ? i . . . i don t think so i . i tried to think back but i t recall doing so . no i t . . well . we re be out there the next few days everything so we keep looking . after he hung up i went to go shower to wash away the of everything that had . as i was drying off afterwards i the fog off the mirror and when i saw my reflection it was and he was laughing . i closed my and when i them again i only saw my own visage staring back at me . however something sitting on the counter next to the sink caught my attention and what i saw chilled me to the bone lying right there in front of me was an ivory handled knife and it s blade was covered in fresh blood . the of chester abstract ' s disappearing crying family black return to chester may be the last thing i ever write . while most of these can be read in any order i suggest you read the before reading this one . for your benefit i have only posted those i actually had the chance to write . for every one which made it to paper there were many which only lived in my head . maybe someday they will get written . as the are a haphazard combination of imagination interpretation and personal inspiration i am going to write them out in a more narrative format to make them easier to digest . i can t claim that everything i wrote was true despite what i said but it was true to me . a piece of who i am . some part of me to share these and so i m leaving these for dan . in loving memory of . i will never forget how you been here for me . i always you . so much . i could see it up ahead . we had only been back from for a short while . my had in fact sorted out her business in time for as she had and the crisp winter air had taken the desert in its . but it was just as spectacular as i it . the orange and brown and flanked us as sam drove the jeep back to that unassuming abandoned place where it had all begun . do you think that thing will still be there ? i m not sure why sam kept . it had been nearly two since we had been to the place . i don t know i guess we re going to find out . as it had been the first time so it was now . just the two of us . the rest of the old crew had gone their separate ways after we had left so suddenly . we had gotten together again at one point for a drunken reunion but they had on to other phases of their . as i guess we all had . i t sure if we d ever do anything like this again . i had finally gotten a job one that t leave me dependent on my mother s dirty money . and because of it i had finally come up with the courage to propose to sam . i had been so happy when she enthusiastically said yes . we had about it and more in passing . and speculation . but i knew we both to start a family despite how we about it and there t be much time for driving around looking for unusual with a job and . in a sense this would be the moment we would stop being ourselves free to explore and drink and chase our to the of the earth and become constrained by and . the thought of it was somewhat terrifying . as was whatever was in that mine . all the of this place came back to me as i saw the old grow in the distance . the dusty bunkhouse . the old crane . the glorious view from the top of the mesa . the which had given us company at night welcome or otherwise . and that beautiful thing which in the bowels of the place . i had lied to sam . i knew it was still there . that thing had never left . we up into nearly the same spot we had last time and to set up camp in silence . the day was still young even if we were now slightly older . we took our time and pretty soon we were both leaning against the jeep taking a quick break . just like old times we broke out the whisky and each took a swig . should we just go in ? sam . did you remember to grab the old journal ? i in reply . yeah . and you got your gun ? yes . well it was what we had come back all this way for . but still i t see any reason to rush . it had been a long day . and if the last time was any indicator it would probably come to us anyways . let s just have a quiet evening together . was it a good idea ? probably not . it was simply what i in that moment . to spend a little more time with sammy . and so we spent the day exploring the old and ourselves with the small but distinct outpost . everywhere except the mine itself . and then a quick hike to the top toward the end of the day right as the sun to set . it was as glorious as it had been the first time a sky burned red on the horizon coloring the world . i sam close and we watched it descend as darkness to replace it . our own descent was tricky in the black but we had light of our own and it carried us safely to our little home for the night . another campfire was made and we sat next to it together drinking a bit more and boiling some instant . what do you think to all the stuff we left behind last time we were here ? i am not sure what made me think to ask it it just suddenly to me . blown away maybe ? or someone else came and got it . it was a reasonable guess and it t like it anyways . ? she went on for a moment . yes ? i m . it was a confession she t have to make . i think we both knew what we were . it was a terrible truth an illumination which cast darkness across both of our . but hers especially . i m too . there would be no sleep that night . we just sat around the fire together watching the little in the dark . talking about the past . and the future . do you think our will be a boy or a girl ? i don t know sam but i think i be happy either way . she just her head on my shoulder in response . there were no this time . we t here to record or document anything . we just for them to appear . to come to us and say hello . or maybe just sway awkwardly right out of sight . one by one they did . i t see them well but i knew they were there . watching over us . if i squinted i could almost make them out . almost . what do you think they want ? i out loud . i think they come because they pretend to care . but they re hollow and when they have to face the truth they retreat into the dark . i did remember them doing that . just as i had when i tried to escape with sam in the jeep the last time i had been here . maybe we should try to talk to them ? i as they about us just in the periphery of my vision . they just run away . she . it t something the sam i had once known would say but i knew she was right . more time and i something i had meant to give her . just as sam had once done i fearlessly right between two of the and over to the jeep the little object . i made my way back to her the dark a slight distance in my wake . it was to her . a strange object . but sentimental to her i knew . sticks and teeth bound with string i remember that was how she it . why did you bring it ? she as she took it in hand . i don t know it just felt connected to this place . it important when you found it after all . sam set it aside and me . go make that baby . and so we set about trying to do exactly that . i t sure if the were still about the camp . i figured they probably were . they always came and went as they to be there but really just hanging around the . from something far more uncomfortable than themselves . i t make that mistake . i d be there in the tent with sam when she me most . beneath our sleeping and the extra we had been smart enough to pack we made our brief but passionate romance . it was like a simple kiss in a way but with all the hope and love i had ever . perhaps it was just a dream . but it was my hope . my love . my dream . when we finally after our figurative and literal intercourse of spirit and body we found the had back a bit further . they were nowhere to be found at first at least not directly around the camp . but they still about the old nearby . our revealed them whether they it or not . we drank a few together and a bit more . i guess it s about time then . sam said . i knew it was but i felt a sudden dread . i t want her to go in there . i knew it was inevitable . i knew it but i just t want it . i knew she was even beyond her vocal admittance . i knew she was more frightened than could describe . i could see it in her . we go in together . i had no intention of leaving her alone wandering that dark and terrifying . facing that creature which lived within it . they won t let you . i have to do this alone . i it . i it . i it so much those . that idea . but she was right there was no way i could accompany her on this journey . this one to her . it so fast i guess i t really and that was it . that was where sam s ended . i don t know how many times i read and reread it . it was quite possibly the most painful thing i had ever done taking it all in . even in the several times i been through it all now i keep finding more i t . and figurative . the puzzle of her in . when i had first found out about her diagnosis i had been as as anyone . it was so sudden . i had thought we had more time . they had said it was likely inoperable so they tried chemotherapy before doing anything more dramatic . i had seen the toll it had taken on her as she was with the radiation pouring out from that little black circle at the end of the device they would position over her head every week . trying to purge the reality of her condition from her but in fact just making it more apparent . a dark light which revealed the truth of her seemingly hopeless situation . it t work . it t go into remission . that bleakness in her kept growing . they tried increasing the number of sessions . they tried of i can t even pronounce the of some experimental . some executive i think even came personally to visit her on behalf of some treatment she hoped might save the girl . but even after some small initial nothing worked in the end it . nothing . i spent as much time as i could with her in the hospital and also went to visit her too when i could . t in good shape either . she lived alone and i think the reality of what was happening to her daughter was starting to crack her as well . she had looking into all of weird alternative and fringe crackpot and . quantum healing past life even just . i tried to visit her often i knew she was alone now with nothing but her dog for company . i clean the place up off the floor and removing from the . she often unable to remember where she had put them . i tried to find them for her . the to drag on . i know it was hard on sam . everything was on repeat . the same hospital room over and over day after day . and in on her medicine and taking of god what . but rarely saying much except for incomprehensible babble about or . people would sometimes come and go . old or supposed . most of them t stick around long they made an appearance but as soon as the uncomfortable truth of just how bad sam s condition really was too much they like into the night rarely from again . and even worse her vision was starting to fade . the were apparently her visual cortex . she had told me that nothing her more than going blind but it nearly inevitable . i remember her how even i just like a phantom to her now a dark silhouette . indistinct . everyone did apparently . eventually it was inevitable . sam was dying and as invasive as it was there was only one option left . surgery . and it . a nearly nine hour ordeal . they would remove the top of her skull and lift her brain up tongs or some such in order to get access to its underside . and then they d try and excise the cancer where they could . the worst thing was that she d have to be awake for it . it was such a dangerous procedure that they her direct feedback if anything felt wrong during the process . i guess to make sure they t cutting the wrong . how could anything not feel wrong about any of that ? i had done some research into . he d done it before but it was a rare operation . he was almost a butcher in my with only a twenty percent success rate in this particular surgery . but that was apparently better than anyone else who did it . sam said that she d been just how treacherous this all was . she was so brave i t imagine being told the she had been . they had her at thirty percent odds of surviving the operation at best and even that t guarantee the cancer would go away . beyond that even if she there was almost a one hundred percent chance she d go completely blind . and other of unpredictable brain damage were not only possible but likely . the operation would happen in in one of the few in the world for such an obscure and terrible thing . i flew out with her . i did my best to be there for her . even when her would call crying on the phone pleading with sam to run away from the and just try this or that insane supposedly natural or magical cure i had to remind myself and her that might be her only hope even if he was cutting her up . she us to run though and i tried my best to keep her from discouraging sam . it t been cheap to follow her to . a nice man was kind enough to host me as i t really afford to stay at a hotel for the several i d be there . and his t just supportive but outright helpful showing up at times to translate or assist in where the and were predisposed . most of sam s time was spent writing in her journal . i t sure what she was writing at the time . i tried to ask but she embarrassed by it and t let me look . i t understand why until later . as the date of the surgery i could see her mood and mind . it was the thing i had ever experienced watching her fall apart . i her hand often and could feel her trembling as she the old doll from her childhood . she had lost it ago and eventually found it in a dark corner under her father s abandoned desk at s house . a weird thing just wood tied together with string or twine an unusual toothy grin on it . and speaking of her father we did eventually hear from him . after almost fifteen of not speaking to sam or he finally to show his face again . or at least his voice . he sam a few days before the surgery . and he for her . i thought it was disgusting . an artificial last minute gesture from a plastic man . but apparently he had for the entire expensive surgery out of pocket . i t even thought about where the money for all this was coming from . i t know hardly anything about s ex husband i had . the days ticked by agonizingly . i t stop thinking about the i to say . that i had always to say . i felt like my opportunity to speak them was rapidly vanishing as sam to vanish herself . i had never admitted my for her even though we d been close for so long . i m not religious but i to whatever might listen to save her . i don t think i had ever before . the hour of the operation had nearly . i could tell she was so frightened . even i was . we spoke briefly one last time before she went in . i don t recall the exact but it went something like this . i m coming in with you . i said it out loud i the to hear . you know they won t let you . i have to do this alone . sam . i knew she was right . but i t let her go in there alone could i ? i it . i it so much . i could see her shaking even though she tried to hide it . sam it s going to be . you re going to be . what he s doing he s done this successfully before . i t sure i she d be but i had to try to . i her hand in silence for a short while . i could hear the hospital staff outside the bland room we found ourselves in . they would come for her any moment . ? i could tell she was trying to hold back . i to respond but she went on . if i survive . if i survive this somehow . she and then went on actually starting to weep openly . i m sorry . don t apologize what is it ? i knew the would be stealing her away in mere . i can t . i don t have any hair . i m ugly . i t stand her crying or her . it was a stupid idea . sam just tell me what s on your mind . more silence like the world was in suspension . i just want you to know i love you . i never really told you that . i will never forget the feeling of my sinking heart . sam . really . she went on . not just as a friend . if i make it through this would you take me out on a date ? maybe we could go when we get back home or something . i had spent so long unwilling to admit to her or even sometimes myself how i had really felt about her . i guess it t some great secret in the end but more of an unspoken truth between us . we were both and rather antisocial but we had always had each other . even when our other or even our had come and gone sam and i had always been together . in our own way . there was only one answer to be given . of course . i did my best to smile and she back . i m holding you to it . she added . i t know whether to laugh or cry . the door and the handful of in to cart her away . the time had come . but there was still one thing left to be done . sam . she just at me expectantly . i t know what i intended to say or do exactly in that moment until i did it . i don t think there was anything i could have said which would have more . i t care that she had lost all her hair . i t care that she spent most of her time vomiting and . i t care that she could barely walk shambling the few times she got up to use the . i t care about any of that . i sam and even in her barely stable dying form hardly even able to hold down water without it out she was still beautiful to me . a beautiful shape even in the darkness . so i her . it was quick . there t much time . and like that she was gone . taken to face her final trial alone . but i remember the smile on her face for the rest of my life as she back at me . it t until after she was gone that i had her journal sitting on the little plastic table next to where her bed had been . she had been so hesitant to show it to me . she would be in surgery nearly all day though so i had some time . i t sure if it was the right choice but in my selfishness i picked it up and reading . it took a few to get through the handful of strange she had . there were still more of waiting to go . so i read them again . it was unmistakable . each time i the i increasingly could see through the and to the true of the she was telling . the hollow people who had about her as she slept only to retreat when the going got tough . the unending parade of monotony which her every waking moment in the bleak and endless hospital . the slow descent of into apathy and madness the with her crying mother about the nature of her inevitable treatment as she tried to convince sam to take another path . . the absence and sudden of her father in her life . how she had to beat back the in her body for a few brief the medical weaponry provided by and almost working to kill the cancer which her . almost . it was all there . in its own way . but most strikingly so was i . in all of it . every story was told from my perspective . and in her we were together . not just but a team . even . i don t know how long i cried while i read it all . i think it was a long time . and i was still crying when i got the news . the only thing i could have that could have broken my heart more than what i had just read . it took some time to process . i t want to believe it . i t believe it . i just down at the journal as it was spoken . they might as well have been speaking a foreign language . or maybe they were ? i was in after all . no i understood what the doctor was saying though . sam was gone . after nearly eight the had become too great and she had . she was dead . sam was dead . i may well have been crying before but i don t think i d ever cried so hard in my entire life . not like i did after being told . even after getting back to the us i still found it hard to control my grief . everything felt like a dream . i spent so many reading those she had written over and over . that they had been real . so much time had been wasted because we were both too afraid to tell each other the truth but those told the truth . what might have been if we t hidden from each other . a world full of adventure love and color . instead we had chosen the hell of a black sun . and now it was too late . the mind can be a dark place but deep in my imagination under that black star is something beautiful . maybe it even of the inevitability of death . lost in a forgotten past . but they still belong to me . and these are the of the person i so much for what little they may be worth . sam never got to finish this last one . so i m finishing it for her . it was time . i t but i knew sam had to go into that dark pit . are you sure you don t want me to come ? i was still uncertain about all of this . i could tell she was as well but she had clearly made up her mind . i have to go alone . so i watched and as the love of my life slowly into the entrance of that mine . few of the or they simply hung around the periphery as she . time slowly . i t help but think of her . how was she doing in there ? was she ? i had to trust her . it would all work out right ? i out the old journal we had found in the mining foreman s office two back and reading it . i guess i had never really at it much beyond the few in it sam had spoken to me back when we had first discovered the thing . most of it was just random scribbled inanely to record the daily insanity of a life which had been led by a person . but toward the end the more interesting . more imaginative . maybe somehow more real . in their own manner . i read it several times . i tried to understand their meaning . i had some but every time i read them again i found more i had . subtle which me see through the of this other person . to better know what they thought and felt . their and . sam was struggling . i somehow knew it . how could i have let her go in there alone ? what had i been thinking ? i had seen how she was . i closed the book . i t leave sam in that place by herself . she me . the parted as i made my way toward the mine retreating from me as they had from sam . i could feel the cold heat of the black sun pouring down on me from above as i stood for a moment in the darkness which from that mine . it was blacker than the dark star itself hovering above me in the sky . the very essence of my and hopelessness . but sam was in there . and so i went in as well . i t know what hell might await me but i knew i had to find her . the tunnel was just as i it long straight and consistent . at least until i nearly over the old which suddenly surfaced a bit down the corridor . before long i was at the cave in the spot sam had so enthusiastically blasted open those back . it t hard to slip through . for some reason i t brought a light . i t seem to need it the colorless black was self illuminating . i went on . a split the same branch we had before . we had taken the left path first back then but i knew which way sam had gone this time . onward toward that same hole full of . i went straight for the descending route making my way ever closer to her . i could almost feel her presence . i could also feel the watching me . trailing me but out of sight . i to scream at them to just off if they t going to be of any help . their superficial presence was more insulting and painful than it was worth . i knew they had never really they were just shallow and empty . i my tongue once again though and continued . down . down into the abyss i went . sam ? i for her and my voice simply around down the steep hall . sammy ? it took some time to make it all the way to the small hole at the bottom where they had broken into the natural cave network . i knew sam me so i t hesitate and slipped in . i t afraid . sam had shown me the meaning of courage . i t let her down . the place was even than the mine somehow . i swear i could see the black sun shining even in this buried space . its dark penetrating the very stone itself on me like all the soil above was nothing at all . sam ? no response . i around wondering where i should go next but i knew deep in my heart where she had gone . and so i went too . down into that next hole in the corner of the primordial chamber . it was just a short drop . and then a crawl through that winding path barely large enough to squeeze through at . just as i it . sam ? can you hear me ? still no response . i on . i would find her no matter what . it was a surprisingly long little tunnel but after a while it up a bit . i was able to walk albeit in a crouch . a bit further still and it turned into a chamber of some sort . it must have been the place sam had told me about because i could see the scattered about the room . it was hard to say how many people they might have to but it might have just been one . sam ? i out hopefully . there was nobody else in the room though i was sure . i the further . i found the skull of whoever this person was who had in this abyssal tomb . it was striking because the top of it had been cut off like someone had been trying to access the person s brain for god what reason . it gave me a bad taste in my mouth and i put it down . sam where are you ? and then i her . she was throwing up just behind me . i knew it was her . i knew it . i slowly turned my head and saw a strange and pretty shape behind me . she tore at my heart in unnatural ways perhaps at or in i t really understand . she was indeed beautiful though . sam . it s . you re going to be . i went over to her . i knew she t . i don t feel well . it was the only she could manage between . the darkness everything around her nearly me in it . i felt like i was at the bottom of the world . and worse still i felt helpless . we re going to get you out of here . i tried to go to her but she just again . i don t think i can . she was able to get a few out . sam this won t be the end of you . there is light at the end of the tunnel we just have to go back up to it . together . we find it together . i still owe you a date remember ? i was begging pleading . i t leave her down in this hell alone . please sam . let ' s go home . she was on her vomiting the black sun the of its horrible light on her head trying to burn the disease which her brain . every moment of it to make her sicker and sicker . i could see her hair starting to fall out . sam . i t know what else to say . i t know what to do . i felt completely helpless in the face of this eldritch horror this unspeakable atrocity which was and the woman i so dearly . it came to me in a moment the realization that i had to fight back . maybe i t stop it . maybe it was pointless . but it t hopeless . even as i watched her crying dying from something i t really understand i t going to give up . i t going to give in to my despair . i am and i will never let the despair steal my hope . we re leaving . i sam by the hand and practically dragged her through that narrow tunnel . she continued to vomit as we made our way . it like forever and she smelled of her own discharge by the time i her climb out of that hole . but it t matter we had made it that far we d make it the rest of the way too . and we did after some time . the watched us as we from the mine . i could see them clearly now under the light of the sun . not a black sun but gold and glorious . the desert beneath it . sam was still heaving but she to be somewhat . go get you some water . we did exactly that and she it like her life on it . maybe it did . the shadowy people still dwelled around us watching but not interfering . they would always back away from sam when we got too close . why did you let me go in there alone ? she sobbing . i t know how to reply . i m sorry it was a mistake . i don t know why i thought i had to . i was so afraid . i t stand the she as she said it . how had i been so careless ? just sitting around reading a journal while she was suffering in that black hole . i did my best to comfort her holding her close . i was so fortunate . i had almost not had the nerve to ask her out all those ago despite been for so much longer . i had literally a coin one day . do it no . it had been . and we d been together for after . imagine if it had been . i would never leave her alone again . at least not as long as she my company . and certainly not when she me . sam ? she was gasping but had quite a bit . she at me expectantly . you still owe me that date . i still don t feel well . she . let s get some rest and when you re feeling a bit better maybe we go find a place to get some food and a few ? yeah . that nice . i let her sleep for a while in the tent as i her . i think she must have slept for twelve or more but i never let go of her . when she finally woke up we went and found those at a little joint in the small town up the road about thirty . almost like nothing had at all sam was already on her phone as we for our food to arrive . i knew exactly what she was doing . it t take an to figure it out . hey i think i found something interesting . she said . i don t know how she was already on her second margarita after all that she d just been through . maybe it was because of what she had been through . on your group ? yeah check this out . she handed me the phone . these are to sammy . i miss you so much . please don t let her be forgotten . and sam if you can still somehow see or read any of this you still owe me that date . it all when our annual trip had taken quite a detour . instead of our usual spot by bead lake peter us to hike deep into the for what he a special surprise . i was not happy to find that he led us into literal uncharted territory . this t on the state park s map . i this as we left my car behind in a clearing and onto rugged foot that more fit for deer than . i know we re going somewhere that s not technically . peter with an all too confident grin . peter and henry were always the but i was always more of a city boy . i like my on well and my by the government . i know this me sound like a priss but well yeah i am one . i am at least aware of it . peter and henry might have thought on a flannel and some boots could suddenly transform any reedy armed teenage boy into a rugged mountain man but i knew better . i knew that i was a liability enough as it is in the and all the way out here i might be in real danger . if only i knew how right i really was . i m going back to my car to put my camera back . i said to them before we got too far in . no ! peter back at me trust me there s a good reason i you to bring it . what is it ? i . you see . peter was always a cryptic little . henry to chuckle to himself and when i him if he knew what peter was up to he dude i don t even think he . the next two to three were spent through some of the worst i have ever seen . something me the state park s must have been cut and so they left this area to be . peter had to clear us a way through the brush as the already fading foot trail had become flanked by thorny and that continued to encroach our path as we . i kept if we were close to anything and peter would snap at me to be more patient . neither henry or i were willing to say it out loud but we were pretty sure we were lost . then peter let out a loud gasp . oh my god i think that s it . the of his machete had gotten and more decisive . what is it ? i . you see . god peter stop stalling and tell me wait what is that ? henry interrupted me and pointed up ahead . i around to get a better view and could see a maple tree that different . peter the last bit of brush ahead of us and stepped into a clearing . ladies and i present to you he put his arms out like he was on a game show and the tree in front of us was the grand prize the tree of lost ! there in front of us in the middle of a small clearing was a tree whose trunk was from top to bottom in missing person . what the is this ? my tone was a mixture of being confused and a bit disturbed . the tree of lost . t you hear him ? henry a bit too nonchalant about what we were staring at . each person on here is someone who gone missing in a state or national park . t that freaky ? peter was as giddy as a schoolboy . i went up and the and when i found one that i from a true crime i that peter t lying these were real . do you recognize anyone sherlock ? peter me . yeah a few . after giving the tree another once over i turned to peter why would someone do this ? i don t know . maybe to freak people out . henry . mission accomplished . i . you want to hear something even ? apparently there are like this across the united . no one who put them up and no one which tree was the first but there are of them out there . there s even a map on the with all of the that have been found marked on it . when i saw that there was one near bead lake i knew we had to go see it for ourselves . peter creepy like this . me i was a little less enthusiastic about it . this morbid . i said . yeah and awesome ! peter to see the problem with taking of real missing people and pinning them to a tree in the . he would go on to explain that these were supposedly for paranormal activity a claim that i immediately thought to be dubious . so are we by the ghost tree or what ? henry in after peter finished explaining . hell yeah ! peter . we hopefully catch something supernatural in the process . he gave me a nudge and suddenly i why he had me to drag my camera and tripod all the way out here . wait you want to stay here overnight to try and catch footage of a ghost ? i with an tone . or a . the attract anything generally supernatural . whether that be corporeal or not . peter s earnest delivery of such an absurd statement was almost charming . alright well we better start a fire because it s be dark soon . henry . he always was the pragmatic one . we spent the next hour and a half gathering potential firewood setting up our tent and once the fire got going cooking our instant . as we together by the fire and ate our food i quickly grew to hate my surroundings . the clearing we were in was small and muddy . if it we would see our turned into a mire and with how thick the brush was all around us that could make with a potentially dangerous bog forming beneath our very difficult . i felt trapped . as it grew our grew smaller in my mind . i felt my claustrophobia starting to kick in as the sun finally set . any attempt to distract myself from the oppressive darkness was by peter rambling on about he about the those . i read this girl who by one in michigan found massive around her tent in the morning . he said . so what you re saying is we might see ? henry . well we are in the pacific northwest so it s possible . but she was in the great area so my theory is it was a windigo that was walking around her tent . i m go take a leak . i said while stifling a laugh . i got up from the campfire and turned around to be by complete darkness . make sure you don t pee on the tree . peter said . he had been very anal about us not the tree as it was a one way ticket to get yourself cursed according to him . i his advice as curse or no curse i think it s in bad taste to piss on a tree covered in the of missing people . i turned my cell phone s flashlight on and the eight or so to the edge of the clearing . i doing my business and as i did my over to the tree of lost . even without all those i could not deny that the tree had an imposing presence . it was tall looking to be maybe just over fifty and had decent girth to it as well . pinning those must have been a real pain in the ass for whatever karma hungry predator came here to create this little up monument . i thought at the time that this was some sort of creepy fad that grew out of control . some people like out and other people love to be out . peter was always in the latter group . i t want to tell him that i thought this was all a crock a but him dragging me out to this awful place had certainly tested my patience for his out of control superstition . i think peter deep down must have thought this was all too . because if he had known what might actually happen i d like to think he d never have made us come out here at all . you ' re a storm over there ! henry over to me . all that made me thirsty . i back . i briefly turned my head to the tree and for a split second and i swear i saw a person out from behind it . when i whipped my head back to look again all i saw were the of the missing . my mind must be on me i thought . i finished up and returned to the campfire a bit more on edge . peter told a few more spooky about the before we all decided that it was time to hit the hay . i set up my camera for peter and pointed it at the tree . i told him that the battery should last all night and that it was set to night vision mode . i can t wait to see what it up ! peter giddily said as we all into the tent . we be lucky if it a squirrel i thought . we all went to bed without another word . the next morning we awoke to the camera being dead . that t super surprising but i thought the battery life was better than that . peter was a bit he t immediately look at the footage and decided to go around and examine the for instead of which he found none . well there s no physical evidence of anything . we have to see what the camera caught once we get back peter said . i the tripod and only briefly thought it was strange that it had a few to its right . i could tell that it did by the on the mud showing that it had been and then . i would have pointed this out peter but i assumed at the time that i had just the tripod when we were setting it up . we up the camp and the hike back to my car . when we it i remember henry proclaiming that we had the tree of lost . i got my extra battery from the trunk and gave it to peter so he could change out the dead one and go through the footage . we our drive out of the state park and were about half way when peter said whoa that s creepy . the camera shut off for a little and then turned back on . i was going to tell him that it does that when it s about to die but then he said is it normal for the camera to take along with footage ? peter s question innocuous at first . no . i . i could hear peter through the and as he did his silence grew more and more concerning and then like that he what the ! what the ! that s that s . . . his voice off into nervous laughter . let me see . henry who was in the passenger seat took the camera from peter and went silent as he over the . they they just keep going i know right ! but like who took them and that last one . i could hear the sound of henry through the before suddenly stopping . henry went quiet for a moment before falling into his own fit of nervous laughter . oh you ! you re messing with me . this can t be real . i swear to god i have no idea what these are especially the last one . i mean how could any of us have taken them . we re in all of the together . peter said . i don t know maybe what the ! i mean you can set the camera to automatically take over night but . . . peter off sounding genuinely worried . you can t set a camera to move itself closer and closer like that ! yeah you can do that with auto zoom or something right ? peter hesitantly as i tried to keep my on the road . no i don t think that you can do that . at least not with my camera that is . now what are these you keep talking about ? you should see them for yourself . henry tried to shove the camera in my face . i m driving ! i . then pull over ! henry back . i let out a long sigh and off the dirt road i swear to god if this is just a trick to get me to look at a picture of peter s hairy i m make you two walk the rest of the way home . i took the camera from henry and to scan through the . i knew something was off right away when i that the album was full . i knew that i took a lot of early in the day but i t think that i took that many . it as if most of the were as there was this massive stream of what at first glance to be the same picture over and over again . it was of all of us in the tent sleeping . you took these t you ? i was skeptical of my immediately . how could we ? we were all in them . they could have set the camera on a timer but i knew both peter and henry well enough to know that they can t work a camera for . not to mention someone had to make the camera gradually zoom in as we slept for three straight and take a photo every two or three with the flash on . you can set the camera to do that automatically but like i said i doubt either of them would know how . not to mention that the in would have had to be done manually . though i m not sure if these are gradually in or if whoever is taking them is just getting physically closer and closer . the frame to be pushing in on me slowly cutting my out as it went . i felt a deep pit within my stomach form as i continued to scroll through the only for my heart to drop when i the last one . it was right up against my sleeping face and there was a hand in it a black hand hovering over my face . please tell me this is a joke . the car went completely quiet with only the sound of the blinking in the silence . i swear on my mother s name that i did not stage that . i knew right then that peter t lying to me . he would not swear on his late mother ' s name lightly . i was in the with you . i t do this either . that there was someone else out there with us . . . i turned off my and the on my phone to the nearest ranger station . we told them about the tree and what had to us . we them the and how we were there to capture something paranormal . that detail to immediately disqualify our story in the ranger s not to mention they were unhappy with us in a closed area of the park . they said they would go check out the tree as it was illegal to erect such a monument on public but that we should have never gone out there in the first place . we almost got a fine but peter was able to talk them down to just giving us a warning . after only an hour at the ranger station they told us to leave and that they d call if they had any more . the three of us sheepishly left the station and i drove us out of the park as quickly as the speed limit would allow . as we were driving back henry said i took one of the . the car had been completely quiet up until then but as soon as he said that peter . you t ! peter . i thought it would be a cool memento . he the crumpled up poster out of his pocket . it was of a man from who went missing in the state park . this ' t disrespectful is it ? henry genuinely afraid that he had cursed himself . no henry the tree t cursed alright . there was just some crazy dude out there with us . the tree is just a tree . we need to go put it back . peter said . pete shut the up ! i am done with this tree of lost nonsense . henry t cursed . don t exist . you cannot deny that there is something more going on here ? peter . it was a crazy squatter peter nothing more . hell this myth you believe in probably him out there for all we know . he was probably some guy on the who got a little too into this urban legend . you should take him as a cautionary tale of why you should never let superstitious nonsense like of lost control you ! my outburst of extreme anger the rest of the car ride was completely silent . i henry and peter off at their and to apologize to them over text but decided to just wait and let simmer . when i did text them that i was sorry about how i two days later i received no . i assumed they were still mad and hoped that they would get over it in time . i why they had not me back when two police had come to visit me . they had gone missing after telling their that they were going back out to bead lake to camp . i knew where they were actually going and told the about the tree and what there . i spent the next several days anxiously news of their whereabouts . search found the site of the tree of lost but there was no sign of them there . they decided to keep the up on the tree as it made for a good landmark for the search . they combed the nearby area for but turned up nothing . i can t tell you the pain i felt as i had to accept that my were probably dead . i think about what to them every day of my life . those were dangerous . they could have got caught in a bog or gotten lost in the thicket . maybe they even could have been by that in the black . the police found no of any person or living in the when they were looking but the on my camera proved that there was someone else out there with us that night . it s too bad the don t believe me . they think we staged the whole thing . once the search was finally off to ensure that no one ever came out to those desolate again they cut down the tree and burned all the on it . i still to this day attend the where people talk about the . my have become in these and their are spoken about with an almost religious reverence . the of people finding outside their or seeing in the sky are little to nothing in comparison to the tale of the two who went missing after trying to return a poster they had taken from a tree of lost . my part of the story and the photo of the black hand is but a cherry on top . part of me to be at them for my " . the other part of me that peter and henry would have this . i cried when a picture of a tree of lost found in montana their among the myriad of missing pinned to its trunk . i could have been right there with them i should have been right there with them . there s a tunnel beneath the jail . the fact that the tunnel t what i need to talk about there are quite a few across the country with . most of them connect the local jail and courthouse but a few lead to different within the same compound . it a lot easier to get to and from or from one block to another all without to warm up the and bother whoever s working transport . i need to talk to you about the tunnel about about what on that long staircase down but i can t dive right into it . there are a few you need to understand about the jail before you can understand the tunnel . working in to shift your emotional around after a while . there are only so many carefully sob you can hear before empathy becomes more closely guarded and only so many times you can be alone in a camera less elevator with a murderer before your personal idea of fear to blur into complacency . you learn very quickly to leave who you are as a human being at the door as soon as your shift . those that don t learn those that think they can be a force for good or be blindly by because of their authority have the hopeful glimmer torn from their before their first time to clear . some outside of this line of work would call it carelessness but it s closer to something like acclimatization . when i first got stuck working nights here i thought i d hate it . you have to turn your life upside down and any hope for an easy social life out right alongside every other routine normalcy you used to have . it a little getting used to to be sure but most make the transition well enough if they re willing to put in a bit of effort . go in at pm the lock behind you and you don t see the sun again until am . all in all it s a pretty easy gig especially to working days . day shift to with that are awake and all day moving them all over the place booking and housing to a never ending stream of new and all the other day to day that while the sun is still up . the night shift comparatively is quiet . everyone down and goes to sleep at the same time every night their cell lock behind them and they don t get the chance to come out again until the entire jail un the next morning block by block pod by pod cell by cell . when the majority fall asleep though those that don t tend to stand out . i can t tell you his name safety and security of the jail and all that but there s one that out more than the rest . he t sleep at least not as far as any of us can tell . we make our throughout the night into making sure everyone who s supposed to be breathing still is and he s always sitting up in his bed hanging off the side wrapped up mummy style in his blanket with only a tiny hole for him to see out of . he s the quiet type never more than he needs to which him an absolute dream to deal with as go . always does what you tell him to never to fight anyone never anything never that should be left well enough alone and is nothing but polite in every dealing we ever had with him . he s the type of person that to you if the clinic up his medication because he we re the that have to call down and fix it . he s in isolation cell away from general population because he his entire family . they all lived together on a ranch near the edge of the county and he from what we know just up and snapped one night . his two his wife s neck when she woke up and a shotgun away from his brother before shooting him point blank . the arrest report goes into a bit more detail but none of it really . the law he s guilty the evidence he s guilty even he he did it . the what t the problem . there are plenty of in our jail right now there have been plenty in the past and it s a pretty safe bet to say we haven t seen our last one come through book in . the big question mark hovering over everything in the official is why . he t mention anything to the arresting at the time nor did he say anything to his attorney . he s been at our jail for a little over a year now and even now he only say what little he does to a select few . i for better or worse happen to be one of those few . he t greet me every time i look through the window of his cell door but he always me . i know because he s told me . he a little laugh over how i have to cup my around my face to see into it at night when all the are off . he never once the go out . he himself up as tight as he can on the edge of his bed facing the door and t move until come back on in the morning and even then only once we ask if he breakfast . he never does . i never seen him eat anything and i never a single tray out of his cell so i doubt day shift him either . i don t know why we still ask to be honest . maybe the in the next to him would start to pick up on us not if we stopped for too long or maybe it s to try and convince ourselves that we re doing our the best that we can no matter who the inmate is . the police don t list a motive but he had one . i know because he told me . he t tell me what it was at first only that there was one . perhaps stupidly i why he d never told anyone else . his dark buried and very much alive within the cloth periscope of his t move from mine . he silent . it took him two to answer me and in that two he t say a word . it was if he was trying to fade into the darkness of the cell around him . i was making my regular when he got up from his bed fully wrapped over to the door and told me that he to talk to me about the tunnel . that s how he the conversation . he s never the one to start . it the out of me . he to talk to me about the tunnel . that s all he said . that s all he to say to get my full attention . when you listen . my for the rest of the floor were about to be late and it would mean writing a number of explaining why but if ever there was a good reason to be late on a few had something he to tell me would stand near the top of the list at least to those who knew . in my head i making a mental note of all the and that would need a report . i don t remember if i ever got around to doing them . i really wish he t told me about the tunnel . i really wish i t have to tell you about the tunnel . he had to kill his family . that s the next thing he told me . over the next ten his unblinking never i came to believe him . he told me about his upcoming court date which to my knowledge was a date that had never been with him . he told me that once his time to stand trial rolled around he would have to be down two of diamond plate steel from one end of that long tunnel to the other and back up on the far side to the courthouse . he had to kill his family and the reason was the tunnel . he always when out of his cell like something was away from leaping out from behind a corner and dragging him away and now i knew why . i knew why he never spoke why he never ate and why he never slept . i knew it was because of the tunnel . it was the first of its kind our tunnel . i learned that a few after i back what like forever ago now . back before i had learned to keep jail and world life separate i had done a bit of research about it over a long weekend . a quarter mile long twenty below the surface with four leading to large storage spaced out along its width all buried smack in the middle of the city center . it was a revolutionary idea at the time and the county was quite of it . as with most though it t come without . the that sprang up while it was being built t widely at the time but for those curious enough . apparently it was dug too deep all those ago without proper consideration given to drainage or moisture buildup within it . a quarter mile of underground roofing is a lot of real estate to allow to form especially since the main of downtown ran over the top of it at multiple . construction at the start of summer and finished at the end during the drier time of the year in this part of the world and it t until the in the fall that to arise . the first big downpour to hit flooded the tunnel from one end to another with eight of runoff from the city streets above and it took almost a month to pump it out and slap a few band over the in the . after it was all dry there was a staircase on both of concrete tunnel and five evenly along its length . i thought nothing of it at the time and i thought nothing of it for . nothing stood out to me as odd or unusual nothing felt like it warranted further research and everything kept up as normal for me just as it had for everyone else for the fifty some odd since the tunnel had been dry . it t until talking that i to realize something was wrong . he me for listening can you believe that ? me for listening back to his bed sat down and everything went back to normal . it now i think what me the most was how little everything to change after he told me . thinking back it s like i to forget . i desperately to forget . i still want to forget but i don t feel like i was the one making the choice at that point . i felt impossibly long slender reaching into my mind and gently tugging at and untying the that had been by like they t want me to know they had ever been there . i back to the control desk sat down and it t until almost a week later after i d forgotten enough to gain my courage back that i felt as though i to do some exploring . there are no in the jail that are off to the it s just that it s normally too busy for one to disappear for any length of time . you d inevitably be somewhere so even taking five out to go to the bathroom could be a hassle at times but i knew i to go into the tunnel . if i concentrate i can still feel the ever so gentle pressure and tugging within my head my being poked at and tested with tender care . i can tell it t want me to notice . it everything to go back to how were back into the shadowy of human forgetfulness . in the part of the night around am or so i left my post on the floor without a word . there were three or four other assigned the same i was so it t like i was leaving a section of the jail unguarded . everyone was asleep anyway and if a fight was brewing or someone to make a nuisance of themselves would almost always begin during the day prior . it easy to anticipate the jail s after a few working there . there s something new to deal with every day but it s always the same type of new . day in and day out the only thing about the jail that ever is the . the and the tunnel . the tunnel had . i wish i t have to tell you about the tunnel . i stood at the top of the and down . they were just steep enough and just deep enough that you t stand at one end of the tunnel and see the other . i d seen of the tunnel during its construction and of the four along the wall as they were being put into place . i could feel the tugging within my head get and as i kept those at the forefront of my mind as i made my way down . those narrow and at every bit of research i d made all those ago not quite in desperation but no longer passively . gentle had turned into and the careful untying of had turned into a constant force . at the bottom of the i down the length of the tunnel and counting . one . two . three . four . four . four perfectly normal metal spaced evenly along the wall of the tunnel all leading to various storage where we kept extra and other such in number to run the jail . four . that could have been it . that should have been it . i m sorry i have to tell you about the tunnel . i knew that t right though . my problem was that i had forgotten but not about the tunnel . what i had forgotten was the reason why i to forget . in kneading and those pesky and about the tunnel out of me they had perhaps been taken out of order . i knew i t be in the tunnel counting the along the wall but i t remember why . like a gazelle that perfectly well what look like but to forget why such a creature is so ingrained in its mind . i again knowing that something t right . one . two . three . four . four perfectly normal metal . i had done my research i had seen the i had spoken with . i knew something t right . i took a breath and one more time stopping to focus on each door in turn making sure each was properly in my memory . one . two . three . four . five . five perfectly normal metal . the tugging inside my head stopped . i t take my off of it as i towards it . maybe i was that if i away even for a second those long would slip themselves back into my and take the door away from me . every blink carried with it the risk of losing the reason why i came down here but worry as i might the t return . my key fit the lock just the same as it fit any other . a full rotation to the right all the way around and then slipped free without problem . it was an act that was second nature to me after these have lots of on lots of as you d imagine . the door open smoothly its heavy metal construction swinging outwards . at any moment i the to creep their way back into my mind . they would in time but it t be right then . a wall . brick . unpainted . that s what the door was behind it . i gave it a solid knock just to make sure it was really there and sure enough it really was . i remember poking at individual looking for any that may be loose or but every inch of it was solid top to bottom . i remember the door locking it behind me and walking back up the at the head of the tunnel to resume my post where i d left it . my curiosity had been well enough that i t imagine ever wanting to return . life could move on . i could forget about the tunnel . everything went back to normal . i t question it . i chose to forget about it myself this time instead of waiting for the to invite themselves back . i voluntarily kept myself from thinking about it as much as i could . if i pretended it t exist maybe it would fade back into itself and for a time it did . days went by several at the jail were put behind me and the tunnel stayed buried right where it was supposed to be . i found ways to pawn off my transport onto the other always somewhere else i to be . i t want to go back into the tunnel any time soon because i knew that as soon as i did i d start counting . kept quiet as well . he t say a single word to anyone after i came back from the tunnel that day . he had wrapped himself up than usual and t from his spot sitting on the edge of his bed since . it s like he was trying to stay even more still than usual like he t want to be like he hoped he could fade into the darkness of the cell around him . life went on . nothing . a week by like this and then unprompted and without warning i walking through the tunnel s fifth door . it had been over . there was no way i could have through even if i d to but of memory slowly to flicker back into place . i tried to discount it as a dream but more and more detail made its way back to me as the on . i remember opening the door no brick wall in sight and taking a step past the threshold . it was with a chill that i why i was and why my memory had been of a brick wall in the first place . the tugging from within my mind t returned . i would have known if it had as i was constantly on the alert for those long to start poking and around where they t belong but they never came back to take . not to take no but they d returned . the tugging that i had felt over the previous had been with something different pushing . i t because i t been paying attention but when i did it was as though they stopped trying to hide themselves . and of my trip into the doorway to come back to me at odd times . i was headed home after work one morning and i taking my first few down a narrow metal staircase beyond the door . another thing i to notice was that it t just the that had stopped trying to hide themselves . strange to dance in the of my always just at the edge of focus . i would see a shadow dip behind a door or what might have been a bed sheet back in place in one of the before disappearing beneath it . every day that went by i would notice something new . the sharper and sharper closer and closer . it more and more difficult to pretend like i t . i don t remember when exactly it was that they i could see them . had withdrawn himself even further . his had gotten the hole he could see out of even more narrow and his with had stopped altogether . the glacially slow rise and fall of his chest as he breathed was the only indication that he was still alive and i m sure even its motion was something he wished he could stop . i had begun to hate going near his cell as those same i could see subtly at and the world around me to congregate and dwell around him . trying to ignore the was like trying to walk into a strong wind . i was constantly pushing back against them desperate to forget as much as i could but that point had long since come to pass . the had been they knew that i had and there was no going back . the as oily and deep as a hole cut into existence itself to change more and more around me . it somewhat benignly and was often as simple as a pen i put down on the control desk disappearing to the opposite end among other that i would have normally as my own faulty remembrance . ever set something down turned around and when you look back to grab it it like it blinked out of existence ? had begun to shift and change around me with increasing frequency and after a time with increasing impact . i t it at first which to be the pattern of but even the i worked with were beginning to change . it with one of my coming to the floor where i was assigned . it t unheard of for the to roam the to make sure everything was running safely and smoothly during their watch but it t often that they d stop and linger for any real length of time . but linger they did . worse they watched . i was beyond like nothing was happening but voicing my to those around me stuck out as a particularly poor idea . the were trying to place themselves directly in front of me and it was everything i could do to keep myself from looking at them . i watched out of the corner of my as they smeared themselves across the assigned to the floor with me and i watched as those i used to call unrecognizable . they to ask me . did you see where i put my drink ? i could have sworn my radio was right here have you seen it ? there were three when we got here right ? the worst part about their was how they when they were . their never left mine and the of their impatiently . they knew that i knew and there was nothing that i could do about it . i don t know what would have had i into what they were me and i t intend to find out . all i knew was that there was no way that i could admit to them that i was what they were doing . all the while the around cell to fade . the more i the around me the more i tried to pretend like everything was exactly as it always had been the more the to drift and cling to me . i m not ashamed to say i left soon after the . i out around am one night quiet time remember ? and never back . i guess i hoped the would stay behind . as my days outside of the jail crept on sleep slowly an impossibility . every time i closed my i was back on that impossible staircase descending and into the darkness . the memory was coming back to me at the speed with which i went down the . every time i blinked i was another step another step closer to whatever lay at the end of those guarded by the and in a memory that was being spoon fed back to me with consistency . the never left though this is perhaps less noteworthy than i d hoped it would be . they were becoming increasingly daring in what they were shifting around me . entire of my apartment would be if i so much as blinked . down to the last speck of dust on the everything would be different . i d be reaching for the door to the blink and have to pretend like the door to the pantry that i was now open was exactly what i d intended to do from the start . the slowly to make a more noticeable presence in my mind as well . i knew they were what was the of the staircase behind the door back inside my head but i to notice them doing more than that as well . i slowly to forget the of my old something i suspected was the doing of those cold gaunt as well . the more i d forget the more the would fade for a day or two but something as simple as a double take after i saw something jump out of the corner of my eye was all it took for the full force of darkness to return . it was maybe a month after i left the jail that my mother decided to visit . i d withdrawn almost entirely from the outside world trying to keep the from getting any closer by myself off from everything that i possibly could . i that it would be harder for me to notice the shifting if i t see and so the stayed off . i rarely left my bed beneath the completely covered beyond reason that the would lose me and filter back to wherever it was that they came from . i got out of bed to answer the door . a mistake . a very clear mistake . so very obviously a mistake . just as it had been for the past month every step i took brought with it a memory of another step down that freezing staircase . step forward . step down . step forward . step down . step forward . step down . it t my mother on the other side of the door but you d already figured that out t you ? it an awful lot like her of course but from the very instant i the door she watching . it was all i could do to pretend like everything was fine the black around her as she let herself in . i as normally as i could as she me question after question after question about where i d been and what i d been doing all the while the of her and in unnatural . my to sting as i d to blink from the moment i saw her . crept into the of my and i watched as i saw her trace their path as they fell . i could feel the getting closer pushing in from all sides as i her gaze with every ounce of strength that i had . she knew . she d known from the moment i d the door caught too tightly in the web of my own surprise powerless to prevent her from herself in . i blinked . i was standing at the bottom of the staircase staring at the torn from creation something that never . i don t know what it is i don t know what it i don t know how long it s been down there . all i can know for certain all it let me know for certain is that it t want to be . behind an impossible door at the bottom of a staircase that t exist surrounded and by ceaseless shadow it . it t want to be forgotten because that it was once a memory . it t want to be abandoned because that it was once possessed . it t want to be because that it was once the subject of search . it t evil but it s existence is dangerous . the that have attached themselves so inextricably to myself its feed on us somehow . they crave recognition and attach themselves to any who find themselves unfortunate enough to notice . everyone few notice even still remember . the make sure of it . had made the mistake of not himself forget . sitting in the darkness does very little when it s what you re trying to hide from in the first place . he d somehow learned of the of the tunnel of all that was below and not forgotten . he may not have made the same trip beyond the door made the same descent down that freezing staircase but the had made their way into his mind all the same . that t mine to fall into focus . there are only so many you see . they can only keep their attention on one or two at a time before they pick the better option . it s a race to forget and i imagine is sitting back in his cell right now wrapped up mummy style like he always was with a feeling of relief he can ' t quite put his finger on . it t change any of what he d done nor would it change any of what i was about to do as my remembrance its end but it t matter . he d won the race . there t much reason for me to continue on now . there are a few of this story that i m trying to forget than and i m sure you can put together the on your own if you really want . at this point i want to say thank you if you d believe it . this is a race where the only loser is last place . as long as i m not last as long as you re not last it t matter when we cross the finish line . i m sorry i had to tell you about the tunnel i really am but with any luck most of you won t remember a word of this come tomorrow morning . those of you that remember ? those that start to notice ? those that start to see ? thank you . my grandfather taught me something that i will never forget . papa would say to me the most important thing in this world is to be a good man . evil will consume evil . i never understood that saying as a child evil will consume evil . i experienced what this meant on my visit to papa home when i was nine . xb mother and father had been fighting since father s business was failing . the added to his stress . mother sent me and my younger brother to stay with her father papa for a few that winter . i spending time with papa . he kept a tidy home and always had cocoa and for us . we sitting by the fire and listening to his entertaining but always with the moral that being good was imperative . xb one night during a violent snowstorm papa was telling and me a story when four loud through the kitchen . and i watched papa open the front door and usher a hysterical man inside . they were speaking a language not familiar to me but the man was quite upset . my grandfather a cup of cocoa in his and for the man to keep his voice down . after a few deep the man spoke quickly with streaming down his face . the man pointed to the fireplace over and over and he becoming hysterical again . papa spoke in a calm voice and shook his head from side to side clearly the answer to the man s request was no . the man pointed to the on papa face and back to the fireplace speaking loudly now . no ! papa startling and i . the man the cup to the ground and out . and i sat in silence while papa swept up the broken glass . he came back and sat with us . xb who was that man papa ? i . xb that man is my best friend . xb but he so angry with you i said . xb he is very angry with me papa looking into the fire and running his across the on his face . xb what did he say ? xb papa said nothing for a long time just . when the trance was broken he rose to his come . it is time for bed . xb what about ? . xb is a big boy . he s nearly ten . in four you can stay up with him . until then it is time for little to slumber . papa scooped up a bear growl and brought to the other room laughing . i sat and drank my cocoa and watched the fire dance beneath the wood . papa returned a few later with a very serious look on his face . xb you are old enough for what i am about to tell you . you must promise me that this stays between us as men . i shook the hand papa . xb you know me to be honorable . i try to be a good man and i never lie papa into the fire once again . xb i was a child younger than you when a man left our small town . he to feed his family that summer and t want the burden of supporting them through a longer winter . one day he went to the with nothing but the on his back and in his . after a few he came out in fine clothes . no one what to him in those . the rumor was that he his soul . xb came back to town and money down on his kitchen table and told his wife and that he was leaving . the town watched as down to the fishing and gave the captain of a small vessel a large fold of . did not look back but as townspeople watched the boat embark his hat off in the and landed several from the wooden pier . knowing that my own family was struggling i the chilling winter water and it . xb i brought the hat home and dried it in front of this very fireplace with the intention of selling it . i went to the see the local he to take the hat . he said it was from hell and he nothing to do with it . i put it on and him how silly he was being . he . xb papa his throat and sat forward running his hand through my hair . xb as winter set in i forgot about the hat until my friend maxim whom you met just now to use it to cheer up his mother . you see papa from the fire to me my best friend is maxim his father was the one who abandoned his family that is his father s hat . papa pointed to the fireplace . xb i that papa had not been looking at the fire the whole time . he was staring at the locked cupboard adjacent the fireplace . xb is that why he was upset with you papa because you still have his father s hat after all these ? i . xb yes and no sweet boy . let me finish the story . and remember your papa does not tell . papa sat back in his chair and his throat . xb maxim to bring his mother joy for her first holiday without her husband . we decided to build a near her window so she could look out and smile while she worked in the kitchen . since i t sell the hat and either of us would look silly wearing such a fancy thing with tattered and pants we decided to put it on the . at dusk we finished our work a large tree to axe out for the s arms and facial . maxim and i t dare waste a piece of precious coal on our childhood project let alone food for its nose . we the hat on top and i swear to this my grandson the creature spoke . xb i felt my stomach ache and fiery ring circled my skull when i fully my grandfather s . xb it our in a low growl . it t sound human but like seven for the spotlight high and low all speaking in unison . it if we were good and . it its head back and the air around us aggressively like a bloodhound dog on a scent . the small stick serving as its nose in the way a spoon a cup of tea . it and told us it knew we were good . xb the snowball and to the ground moving while its middle torso and head still . it told us to open the gate . maxim t move . i it why it the gate open . its my lifting me and it into my face open the gate ! the minute it me i fell to the ground and sprang to my and . it rolled out and into the in search of whatever it was howling and grunting desperately . maxim s mother the commotion and came out to see what trouble we were causing . neither maxim or myself to confess to what we had just seen partly because we did not want to be beat for lying but mostly because we did not believe it ourselves . xb i was crying in fear but still hanging on every word papa spoke . over the next few days maxim and i were to hear that people in nearby were turning up dead . money all people who and . we t dare tell anyone what we knew childish judgment that they would somehow blame us for turning loose this unholy thing . xb one night maxim and i were what we should do and we saw a white ball moving outside just under the tree line . we rushed out and it to maxim s house . maxim saw a man he did not recognize leaving his home . the snow creature rolled in behind him wrapping its gnarled around his neck and lifting him from the ground . it must have sensed it t alone because it spun in our direction . the man at the abounding his neck and he wild and turning red . how he i tell you i will never forget it . the creature in its voice about adultery and paying for flesh . we a snap and the kicking stopped . the sticks in the creature s face formed a crude smile and it deeply in the air again the spinning stick coming to rest pointing at maxim s house . now the whore it . xb it to the door and instinctively i ran leaving maxim frozen with fear . the same moment i lunged for the hat it spun and struck me hard . the branch deep across my face burning and bone . the force from its blow spun my body in the air my foot knocking the hat clean off its head and leaving the sticks in its face in a permanent scowl and rendering it nothing more than a mere child s project . later maxim and i to the constable that the man had been beating me and slipped and broke his neck on an ice patch . since the on his neck were much too strong for a child or woman to make they us . maxim the story . xb the on my face did not come from a war or from an auto accident as i have told people when they dare ask . they come from the evil that in that box . papa pointed to the cupboard . maxim and i reasoned that this hat needs to be the most evil . it will eliminate anything it can to be the main consumer of evil . this is why it went after those horrible people so many ago . after a few the only evil it could get its on was a woman doing the unspeakable for the survival of her family . xb this is my story to you . this is why it is important to always be good . papa as if he had been unburdened . xb papa i don t understand something i him away on my sleeve . xb what s that ? xb why did you keep the hat ? why not destroy it ? i in disbelief . xb it is indestructible . no matter what maxim and i did it would not burn rip tear you could not put a scratch on it . we felt the option was to keep it safe and locked away so no one could ever use it . we each guard it one decade at a time . maxim four more until his turn and we are lucky for that . you saw his rage . papa said . xb why did maxim come here ? i . xb papa away thoughtfully well a man hurt maxim s daughter in a very bad way . he that we use the hat and let the creature free again . when i told him it was absolutely not going to happen he reasoned that i stopped it once and i could stop it again after this man is . i was firm with him and he did not like that . he said i did not care about his daughter or his family and he left in anger . sometimes xb i at the sound of shattering glass and my brother screaming . ran into the living room and papa him and put us both in the kitchen . papa ran into the bedroom . then i the gun . later papa fell into the hallway holding his gut and writhing on the floor . i and ran out of the house into the snow past the unfamiliar car outside and into the . we watched dance in the window me cupping s mouth to keep his muffled . later two rang out and three men into the car and sped off with my grandfather ' s . xb papa lay motionless in the hallway an desk drawer empty at is side . i cried his name repeatedly and shook him but he never got up . was inconsolable . the phone cable had been cut and the nearest neighbor maxim lived over a mile away . and i would have to make the journey in the morning after the storm . and we did . but that night we slept in papa " chair our grandfather visible in the hallway laying . every room in the home drawers nothing of value left behind . cried himself to sleep that night but i could not cry or sleep . i was numb . i covered the broken window with a quilt many times during the night and it was cold . as the fire to die out i that the wood outside in the storm would be useless . i put an empty wooden drawer into the fire . before i returned to settle in with my brother i to get the small locked cupboard adjacent to the fireplace into the fire . in the morning and i ate and then covered papa with the quilt . i food and extra for our long journey . lastly i into the warm ash of the fireplace felt around and out a perfectly intact gray hat . we would leave papa home for the last time . xb what are you doing out here where is ? maxim the two exhausted in his yard finishing their . xb no time for that now maxim i said the from my over the hat evil will consume evil . alright here we go . there s a chance you seen me around on before sometimes here sometimes sometimes writing rarely anywhere else but always writing fiction . today i got something different for you . there are no secret no magic infinite . this is just the true story of me and my old college buddy taking a road trip . was a road trip kind of guy you see . that s actually how we got to know each other . way back in freshman year we were rushing the same and for those of you unfamiliar with that you also go to the same and social and such . we were joining for roughly the same reason too i had an old high school friend in the same frat as his older brother and they were both pretty close . as a result though i t know all too well at first we ended up hanging out a surprising amount that year . that s not to say we were immediate . it t at first sight or whatever . we were actually fairly different . he was a small town conservative a grade worked with his a lot and was going into engineering . i was a bit more woodsy suburban into and writing and music borderline socialist and that to be quite honest have been significantly worse for my job than engineering would have been . but we got along just fine as far as relative go . i m a firm believer in the idea that most sane people can set aside their and bond over a couple of or in our case way too many of underage fireball . so we and and generally hung out in the same and actually made the same frat . enter spring break . now first of all spring break . don t get me wrong i love it . i love a week off from the most hectic part of the year and it probably saved me from a fair few mental . what i mean is that the idea of a college spring break what the would have you think is total . so many flock down to some crowded beach in and get wasted and try to bang hot from other and honestly i thought it was all a waste of time . that s why i had no for freshman year spring break . then suddenly me out of the blue and if i d like to take a road trip with a few of our mutual . they had an down in mobile and a fourth to split and generally out . i know i know . i just said spring break and then one paragraph later said we re going to gulf ! kind of hypocritical . but is a road trip wizard you see . yeah we hit the beach once . we also left that beach within an hour or two when the police came by to check for parking and never came back to the ocean that whole week . instead we saw some of the more unconventional . i m talking the most hole in the wall fried chicken joint in the national civil museum the v in the the most hole in the wall fried shrimp joint in like that . this trip t about being a beach bum and getting wasted for a week straight . it was about stopping at whatever roadside attraction we could possibly find no matter how ridiculous . but this is not a story about that road trip . three later and i are good even . we graduating from fireball and party punch to bourbon and and white and party punch . we d each gone through our fair share of being single and all that associated drama but had both settled down with some nice both of whom we eventually married fun fact . we were sick of the system sick of college and ready to be out in the real world . but we one last hurrah . enter the road trip . had a nice job lined up in the fall and i was starting grad school around the same time . that left us one last summer to around and do whatever we . the plan we came up with was some last minute of a road trip that literally crossed the entire country east to west north to south . we were to set off with a car some equipment and the last few and that life t yet stolen from us . our goal was to hit a bunch of national and whatever we felt like seeing all across the west . and boy oh boy my description of a does not begin to do it justice . my poor little fuel efficient coupe nearly half a dozen times . we barely driving down the one day removed from an unexpected late may blizzard . we also barely driving out of valley in a different unexpected early june blizzard . a tire the check engine light came on at least twice and we i locked the inside deep in a forest with no cell coverage . it was amazing . i encourage each of you to go out and do a stupid road trip only once just so you can never do it again . the thing is it s dangerous and i mean stupid dangerous . even aside from the myriad car trouble we did many an idiotic thing . i m talking drunken on sheer walking through grizzly bear country at night without bear spray and of course never telling anyone where we were . we were often out of service you see . no no cell signal and nearly no electricity did for breaking us off the grid . unfortunately it s terrible when you re out in the wilderness and poorly and as we found out being watched . this particular event was in northern in the redwood national forest . i call it that truthfully i m pretty sure it s just a series of national and state that happen to be full of redwood . you know what redwood are or at least you should . if you don t that you haven t seen return of the and that s a damn shame . you see the on the forest moon of were in one of those . those giant are the and i can confirm they are massive and feel alien . the thing about northern though is that it s well it t my favorite area . and by that i mean i felt like we were about to be or at any given moment and that something given that i been in like and baton rouge . i m not even i was afraid to stop for gas even though we were about to run out . i into a and felt like every single person in there was staring at us . the were broken down the were dirty and every other person like they were either walking to or away from a drug deal . it s far from my favorite place . anyway we find this one little campground and it s almost totally empty . by that i mean we can only see a handful of at all . there s the campground host s hovel i guess basically a shack attached to the back end of a fifth wheel that like it t seen the touch of a human in several . at the far end of the campground there was maybe one other that had been set up and i t see a single person there at any point . that s not really an issue of course . i m used to state where there s a person at the gate to tell you where to go how much to pay how not to burn down the and so on . here though it was a much simpler system you take an envelope from a bulletin board write down the site you re taking and how long you be there and shove some cash in it . very simple and very socially distant though that t a concern in really . all this to say that despite the warning we decided to settle down there for the night . after all what s the worst that could happen ? we were two college aged not exactly in shape but certainly not defenseless and very much too poor to be worth robbing . so we re settling into the site . the cheap four person tent is up there s a river a short distance away blue as can be and the sun is setting the red light filtering quite pleasantly through the . we got a decent fire and a decent buzz going the run was of course for firewood and booze . a cold beer and a hot meal went a long way towards settling the nervousness i had been about the campground and surrounding area . the sun is about to dip below the horizon and i decide to break the seal as it were . there s nothing worse than to stumble your way to and from a campground bathroom in the dark for the first time with nothing but a flashlight as i had learned that trip so i use the last light of the sun to guide the way . the block a lot of the light but it s still plenty bright to make out potential tripping for anyone slightly drunk . i found a nice gap in the forest that us a straight shot to the bathroom stepped deftly over that concrete parking block thing brushed aside a couple of face height and for way too long at the that spell out help . i you not that is exactly what i saw and can confirm it because i him over almost immediately . of course we give entirely different for it as the writer the one with the overactive imagination i was immediately thinking up a hundred about the poor victim of the forest people who had only enough time to spell out one last warning before their imminent death . of course had a better explanation a fun practical joke from some somewhere . he a few of the aside spelling out hei f and went back for a third beer . i on to the bathroom now eager to take care of business before the came in the dark rather than out of fear of tripping . i was somewhat reassured when a few after i back at the site a car came through the campground low and slow as they presumably for an open site . finally i said . never thought i d be upset at an empty campground . . i was looking forward to some peace and quiet he said in reference to the previous weekend a very crowded memorial day weekend in . i and counting out all of the still empty around us . cut me off with a laugh and a toss of another beer in my direction . the car circled again . must have not decided on a site he said . they all look the same i said . maybe they forgot the envelope . whatever he said . we on . the car circled again . this time neither of us . we simply at the shaded driver side window as it rolled by raking the empty around us . our conversation pointedly the elephant in the room . we stopped drinking beer . the fire burned low . the car circled again . should we tell someone ? i . my phone is dead . his out . mine s dying and there s no service anyway . do you think the host will care ? i towards the host s site which was just visible through the . i don t think anyone s even there . i haven t seen a car or a light there since we . . we silent suddenly feeling stone sober despite the six pack we had just . the sun had now truly and fully set and the only light was the uncertain flickering cast by our low burning fire . our conversation had totally faded away our mental ticking as we exactly how long it had been since the last loop . we far too long for that car to come around again but it never did . eventually the last of the fire to burn away and we had no more wood left . we should hit the sack i finally said . lots of driving tomorrow . yeah . i m going to take a leak in the . don t feel like walking to the bathroom ? i . hey you . i don t see you heading up there either . i in the direction of the hei f then back to the road . yeah . no thanks . we into the tent and it shut after triple that the car was locked and our most valuable luggage was with us in the tent . sleep did not come easy that night . every breeze in the every flap of an owl s to come from right outside the tent . eventually i faded into a fitful doze long after s to sound through the tent . and i awoke all too soon at a sound that i m just not quite sure of . in my vaguely dream i felt as though i had just a scream before waking but when i finally came to i had no idea why i had up . had stopped snoring but i t sure if he had also or just magically become quiet . did you hear that ? i whispered . he drowsily . hear what ? i don t know i said . something woke me up . i thought it was i don t know a scream or something . i t hear anything he said . go back to crack . crack . sat up now as fully awake as i was . the that had previously kept me awake downright distant to the snapping that could have been right outside our tent . but bless his heart was prepared . you see was not a boy scout . he was something better . he was practically a and that meant that no lack of or would stop him from taking care of himself . while i had to talk him out of taking on our road trip instead of a car i had not convinced him to leave behind his radar detector the so fuzz buster or his concealed carry weapon which i am almost entirely certain would not have been legal in . it was the latter that was with us in the tent and he it from his bag making no effort to hide the of metal the gun s exterior or the mechanical sound of the safety being turned off . the cracking stopped almost immediately then . as with the car we sat there for what felt like an eternity waiting for the sign of the interloper s return . none came . the morning found us weary and almost totally unrested . we only to grab a few fitful of sleep between roughly and local time after the sun had already risen . it gave us a late start the next day and we at our next stop grumpy and far later than intended . we quickly that morning though and it t just because we were late . silently we had agreed to stay no longer than absolutely necessary and i have no doubt that neither of us would ever miss that place . i took one last look around that campground after we finished . i to make one last trip to the bathroom so that we could drive for as long as possible with no . the host was as always totally absent . to this day i have no idea if such a person ever or if it was just a convenient ruse to keep casual at bay . the other in use had been torn down and abandoned long before we woke up . in the morning it was as desolate as any other site . they left in the early morning when we were catching up on sleep . i hope he s right . similarly the circling car was nowhere to be seen . ' t really have an explanation for it though he does think the whole affair was a series of . perhaps it truly was a camper that just never found the right spot . i doubt it . i never checked the full campground to see if it was around though . in fact i never really made it to the . i stepped over the concrete parking block and brushed the face high tree to the side . then i . the right here part yes i know what you are thinking no i am not crazy . i am being as serious as i could possibly be . i know some people will read this and say i have some kind of demon possessing me i wish i could tell you thats not the case on that one but i honestly don t know . for a period of my life this was only natural to me i even assumed that this was actually normal at one point and this was some sort of unspoken aspect of life . of course i would never tell anybody about this as even as a child i knew only a psychiatric hospital would wait for me at that point . this may lead you to ask why i m talking about it now and honestly i don t know of an answer i could give you . at this point i have come to accept that some just don t have a reason as to why they happen . there t seem to be a process that i know of that these to existence i seem to think of them in a certain way such as writing about them in a notebook or drawing them and the next day they just appear . and there may be many people who would think this would be a cool ability to have and i do not blame them . but there is a catch i can not control the way these look only the basic concept of what they should be exist and some unknown force in the rest . so most of the time the they take are less than desirable . there is always a catch this unknown force advantage of everything you don t mention it s like you get what you want but not exactly . if i had to make an educated guess as to how this came about i think it with my grandfather giving me a big notebook . i remember he first handed it to me during my sixth birthday and he as if he was looking around making sure nobody was seeing us . the notebook had a blank plastic cover that was blue in color on the front written in sharpie was the for my dear . i still remember how he whispered in a voice don t tell your mother or father ? this is a magic notebook whatever you write in here comes to life . he said with strangely misty as if this was the last time he would see me . he had a smile across his face trying to keep it all together . being a gullible child i t read the obvious emotion on his face . my as i instantly him . there was a brief inscription on the inside that read to control what and what the world and now they are broken . i had no idea what that meant at the time and i honestly still don t . a week after my birthday my grandma found him in a bathtub with on his wrist the bath water colored crimson from his own blood . my grandfather had himself and i always assumed it was because he was secretly depressed . but recently my mother informed me the undeniable truth that this was not the case . it turns out my grandfather was part of a cult and he had himself as an offering to some unknown deity . this was found out by the police after entering a secret door under the bed of my which lead to a room filled with mysterious and of equally mysterious origin . could this tie into this anomalous ability i find myself in possession of ? probably but at this point it that this ability itself upon my brain it is now a part of my being and now it is here to stay . it s only now a matter of me it . so where should i start ? i have a lifetime of to share i suppose i should go back to when i first used it . the first creature that i ever from my head . the ice cream i was a child i ice cream hell i still do . who t like ice cream ? the frozen that can come in whatever shape and size the signature coldness that you feel on your tongue and throat that is sometimes unbearable if you eat too much . but the astounding flavor of the soft and creamy substance always leaves you coming back for more . for every child the universally sound of an ice cream trucks song is an obvious sign that today would be a good day . in my neighborhood the local ice cream truck was run by a samson . samson would make his through the neighborhood every i still remember running eagerly to my father for a dollar and happy smile as almost all the from the neighborhood would run to his truck for some of the delicious frozen that he would hand to each child . looking back on it now samson had it made the salary for an ice cream truck driver was to a week my and would probably kill for that kind of money from an easy job when they were . the ice cream truck brought a happiness with that sugar like smell that made many childhood and me being the greedy six year old that i was t want to wait six days for it to come again . sitting on the edge of my bed scattered across the floor and sunlight shining onto my white carpet and blanket i the notebook for the first time . with my red crayon in hand i wrote in the notebook with very messy handwriting i want an ice cream man that comes over everyday . on this afternoon i closed the notebook triumphantly knowing that my wish would come true . it was already so i knew i d have to wait till tomorrow . but as i laid down on my bed after the dinner my for me and my father i felt this weird feeling . it was almost unbearable it felt like something was growing deep inside of my brain . growing shrinking i and turned in my bed as my head with pain and anguish . i felt like crying but the pain was so great that nothing when i tried to let the stream from my . until suddenly it as soon as the searing pain through my head it stopped . i was that i came down with something like some kind of virus from south or something irrational like that . but i t feel sick at all i felt completely fine besides the brain splitting headache i just had . i stayed home the next day as i genuinely afraid that some kind of alien was deep in my brain and trying to get out . i watched some random cartoon on nickelodeon in my room upstairs . i almost forgot about the wish i made until i the sound of an ice cream trucks song and the sound of turning on the pavement . the wish i made i was ecstatic that it actually had come true . running down the my father instantly knew to give me some money . but once i out the door i immediately knew something was not right . the ice cream trucks pitch was now low and the music was long and drawn out like it was in slow motion as it through the air . the truck itself was extremely run down the smell of sugar in the air tried to mask the horrid appearance that the truck now took . mold rust and other green plant life painted the truck the black had tiny and dried cement stuck to them which made a sound of the truck up and down with each moan and groan of the tired machinery as it up . the were out and looking into the window on the side only led to an unnatural blackness one that was made to obscure what was inside not even the august sun could let you gaze inside . a giant ice cream cartoon character was on the roof but his face had been completely and out and some of the plastic off lifelessly from the figure . needless to say this was far from what i it was a school day so the only there was me and another girl i t know the name of . she stood at the side window where you make your order the deathly blinding darkness inside back at her but i could feel that that was not the only thing looking at her . she up at the darkness and she was visibly shaking i up to her and out but something stopped me . she had a look of mind bending terror on her face one that was so indescribable that even to this day it had not been . her face contorted into a sickening frown as her so big like they were about to fall out of her . i saw this as she turned around and let out a loud whimper as she ran away dropping the money where she once stood . i was understandably unsettled by this but nonetheless for whatever reason i stepped forward onto the sidewalk . i up to the run down ice cream truck and silently into the darkness wondering if someone was actually even there to drive this piece of junk . my slowly to the menu right next to it . bubbly cartoon were poorly onto the metal the ice cream was the only thing on it with the c with an s . but under was a list a plethora of different most trucks would have about or but it like this one had millions of different in the writing possible so it could cram more into the page . i was taken aback by this and with my tiny mind which should i ask for ? my were interrupted by the sound of extremely heavy breathing coming from inside the darkness i up and saw a pair of glowing red staring back at me . dark laid within the red but the were not twisted into anger it had a look of indifference to it . holding the dollar and a few quarters in my hand i hesitantly my hand up and the money onto the up wooden plate in front of me . the did not even look down as i saw a hand protrude from the darkness . the skin was pink with long black they were razor sharp and they as if they could slice a throat with the flick of a finger clearly it t human . looking at the hand and forearm alone i could tell the figure inside must have been very . the slightly grimy pink skin down onto the making every fixture in the body completely visible . the on the skin as if they were trying to escape the rotten prison they were in . the hand down onto the wooden plate on top of my money i watched the hand flex as the even more visible until it s skin like it was about to tear like paper . the hand back slowly and it s long black dragged across the wood making a noise as the sheer force of the formed a large scratch on the wood . a sound of metal onto a floor let out as the money was dragged into the blackness . the forward as they to wait for my request . o oh ! i said with my small voice as i up and down at the seemingly list in front of me . i settled for one and up at the red and said one mint chocolate chip ice cream please ! the suddenly once i said this . from inside the truck i could hear unidentifiable that i can t discern even to this day . suddenly the pair of returned and slowly the inhumanly skinny hand out from the darkness with the light green circle with black chocolate in its hand atop a light brown cone . surprisingly despite the poor condition of the truck the ice cream was completely fine . in fact it perfect in every way something about the cone just brought out a feeling of indescribable happiness deep within me . my tiny out and the inhuman hand carefully it into my . i down at the cone as the sun down onto the ice cream . i was weary for a moment i felt as if whatever was in that truck had the treat and i would die immediately after eating it . but the soothing sense of freedom and happiness that the cone irradiated made me reach out my tongue and lick the cold silky soft substance . the taste it was amazing i felt like i was no longer eating ice cream i felt like i had just tasted given form into a cone . the smooth and lustrous feeling as my mouth was plagued with the taste of mint that i ever taken was impossible to describe . no matter how hard i tried to explain it to you in any amount of detail you could never even grasp the feeling . i that sweet like chocolate encourage a small burst of within your brain . but this was different it felt like a giant style wave of covered my entire brain the for on end . i felt like i was transported to a new world to a new universe and the key that lead to it was the cold delight in front of me that sat atop this cone . suddenly i was back to reality i was back on the sidewalk in front of the dilapidated ice cream truck . i up into the darkness and it that the horrid red were now staring down at me . they as if they were making sure i tasted it . suddenly the hand came back out again and shook as its skinny arm reaching towards me . in it s hand was a sticker the little piece of plastic from its hand i down at it . it was shiny and in a heart shape so shiny that the sun off of it on it it read my first customer . i up again only to see that the truck had without a trace only old streak on the pavement were the only indication it was ever even there in the first place . i remember walking back inside and my father saying that s strange i thought it only came on . after finishing that ice cream cone i be honest i cried . yes i cried over an ice cream cone i know that ridiculous but that was truly how great it was it was so great it had brought me to . the entire night i sleep as i was always of how no food in the world would have to what i have . the next day i went back to school i t really talk that much that day or i just don t remember . it s kind of hard to remember anything after an experience like that . what i do remember however was being in the classroom sitting there unable to really say anything . my teacher out my name but i t really say anything . he out my name once more and i i got on saying my name while suddenly fumbling my . there was a small silence and mildly . i remember being in a trance had the ice cream man really bring about this reaction from me ? again there is a blur in my memory probably because i t making an effort to really think . suddenly when i came back to reality i had a test sat out in front of me it was unfilled as it sat on top of the wooden desk . was looking down at me with a passive aggressive smile on his face . looking around i that all the other had a test laid out too on some subject i don t remember but they were all filled out except for mine . can i see you in the hall for a second . i drearily got up and stepped across the white tile floor as i other saying in a tone . walking out into the hallway with the humming of the above i him to ask me if everything was . but as i the door to the classroom open and close i was as he threw me against the locker . listen here you little . he said with a look of pure hatred and malice painted on his face . i already hate this damn job in the first place so if you want to make it harder for me . i make it harder for you i make it a living hell for you you worthless little snot nosed brat . and he threw me back onto the hard floor on my rear end so hard that i in pain . he back into class wearing that same smile as if he did nothing wrong . i stayed there on the cold floor i had up to grown like they were . almost every did they were role for them . so what when someone you look up to t the person you thought they were ? i t even cry i was just at the sudden episode that was shown to me . looking down at the cold hard tile floor . the rest is another blur and that s probably for the best i don t think i really should care about what after anyway . coming home that day that sense of loneliness did not falter . it was never ending an always present feeling looming always in the background like a horror movie villain . that night i laid in my bed the blanket covering me samson t come that day probably because it was out . t it funny how the weather the you feel ? after what had at school i had completely forgotten about the other ice cream man . that is until in the moonlight i the song . in the street with no . i briefly decided that it was so late in the night that i t bother myself to get something from it . but then i the taste how it made me feel all the sadness i had felt without it it was like a drug i it i had to get it again no matter the cost . in a like state i arose from my bed and stole a dollar or two from my dad ' s wallet that he left so lazily on the kitchen counter . walking outside again i saw it for the second time . the familiar site of the ice cream truck was waiting for me but now that it was night time it more than in the day . i still remember the look of the faceless cartoon character on the top i felt like it was looking at me warning me to stay back . but as i up to the window i there was a big steel sliding door what was inside . i on it hearing it echo through the truck but nothing . so i and and . but nothing just the sound of the demonic ice cream truck music the air . realizing the situation i was now in i suddenly was stricken with this sense of dread . like something was about to happen . i turned around to walk back into the house and thought how strange it was . why would the ice cream man stop in front of my house but not give me anything ? but as i turned around to my left down the street i saw a figure illuminated by the flickering street light . it was a person he was over as he towards the truck . well walking t the right word it was more of stumbling than walking . the person was holding their arm like they were hurt . hesitantly i slowly over to the figure my sounding softly on the black pavement as i stepped onto the street . i must no further than an inch when i who it was . it was he had a look of extreme terror on his face as he forward with every step . he to stumble forwards toward me and i out to him ? what are you but he t even stop he right past me as if he t notice i was even there . somebody please help ! he as loud as he could so much his voice cracked . he forward to the ice cream truck and his head on the back . he perplexed as he felt around the door confused as if he t even see what he with . it was like he was like something had a hold on what he was seeing feeling and hearing . but suddenly to my dread the swung open and backward almost making him fall onto the concrete . inside the truck i could only see the impenetrable darkness that i had seen before . but one thing that stood out was the two red of the ice cream man looking down at from the darkness . up in terror at the ice cream man it he could finally see clearly now . the were bright so bright that i could see the ice cream face as they illuminated . his skin was as pink as ever his were two big black the only indication that there were even there was the red inside of them . his were inward to a point where i could make out the teeth of his inner jaw as he down at . the red on the ice cream man were like . the red color onto like a spotlight . he had teeth that were so extremely sharp that you could see the red light reflect off of them . that s when the ice cream man stepped out of his truck . that s when i first got a good look at him . instead of a body there were these big fleshy that lined up to his head with two arms on each one he had to have about arms each of them identical to the arm that handed me that ice cream on that august day . two arms at the very bottom as as they him up and his malnourished form out of the truck . up in disbelief and i could swear i could see his face turn purple from sheer terror . the ice cream man down at him with a frown as he breathed heavily into face . the ice cream man towered over him he had to at least be about tall . without a second thought the two arms in the middle of the ice cream man ' s body up and by the head . in his beating at the fleshy bulbous on the ice cream man ' s body but the ice cream man t even flinch . then suddenly froze in one position all the ice cream man was doing was staring at him in the . i what are you doing ? stop ! i rushed towards the two and put my hand back . but all i felt was pure coldness as cold as the arctic and as intense as death . suddenly turned his head to look at me just in time for me to see his nose slide right off his face and splat onto the . i and back looking at him . but inside the of his nose i t see blood nor did i see meat or bone . it was ice cream . instantly lost his balance and fell to the ground . he his hand and help me ! but all i saw was his hand sag that s when i it . he was melting . both of fell out of their as the too to hold them . his skin to change into various colors of ice cream as he at the top of his oh god ! please help me ! but his voice to trail off and get and like he was in the same slow motion that the jingle of the ice cream truck was in . his were now black empty as all his melted down further and further . the ice cream man back and a bucket from the truck and up to the now melting . he his head with two of his arms and easily it off but instead of blood dripping out it was pink ice cream . head still for help in that slow motion voice his body still as his slowly turned to ice cream . lower jaw was no longer by bone and melted off and fell into the bucket as the jaw and teeth turned into ice cream . head now only let out a small low and pathetic gurgling noise . the ice cream man his head into the bucket as it with the melting jaw . he took the bucket and scooped up as many out of body which was now barely recognizable as human . like this was just another day the ice cream man back into his truck and the shut with the bucket of the ice cream version of . the truck then rode off down the road as the tune of the truck out in the distance . leaving me standing there completely and . the ice cream was made of people and i it so much . that ice cream that i ate who was it ? who did the ice cream man have to kill to get his on it ? i turned and ran back into my house locking the door behind me . i ran up the into my room and the notebook out from my desk . i figured if i could bring the ice cream man into this world i could take him out as well . i the first page and saw my handwriting from my first wish that i wrote in blissful ignorance . i took out a pencil from my but before i wrote . i thought for a moment now don t get me wrong i t like one bit after the previous incident . what if deserved what to him ? he definitely t a good person not after what he d done to me . what if it t by chance that the ice cream man found him ? what if the ice cream man chose him because he was bad ? what if that s why he him ? what if he could be a force for good and rid the world of people like ? but even if that is the truth i was now addicted to the ice cream that he had given me and it was made out of another living human . i m practically a cannibal now should i really let the ice cream man feed the of people to innocent and unknowing only for them to be unsatisfied with everything else ? no i t do that i just can t . it s unfortunate it turned out this way the ice cream man probably t even know what he is doing is wrong but i need to do this for the sake of everyone else . i wrote down i wish the ice cream man was gone . after that day the ice cream man t come back not the day after that or the day after that . the wish had completely stolen my memory of the taste of the ice cream he had given me i can only remember what i was thinking at that moment . all the before were just an educated guess . maybe that was for the best so i t live the rest of my life being unsatisfied with everything . i still don t know what to the ice cream man i don t know if my wish sent him out of existence or it him or what . maybe he s still out there somewhere just so he s far far away from me i hope not though to be honest . i remember seeing a news report that was missing his wife said he ran out of the house in the middle of the night like he was in a trance . i was the only one who knew he was dead well t a good guy i think he got what was coming to him . to this day there s only one thing i know now . and the ice cream man are no more . the skies were the color of generous chocolate milk with of bright cotton candy . from those like a welcome summer drizzle came gummy . there t a corner of where you t bend down and grab a handful of the chewy to prolong your sugar high . you could eat off the street and no one would yell at you . my mother t believe in heaven . she in the blinding light of an interrogation room where every soul was under the searing lens of religious dogma . sugar was sin . television was sin . imagination was sin . the ice cream tipped of would occasionally drip creamy goodness down to the licorice streets below but their true appeal was on the ground floor . behind their caramel there were giant of bright color that would beam exciting forbidden out into the world for me to watch . i would spend behind those licking the glass indulging in the that mother considered to be the work of satan . school t any better . at first i was excited at the prospect of a place where i would be free of mother s fanatic raving but steeler made sure that my suffering t solely to my house . she should have been in grade three but she was still in grade one . three don t make much of a difference in the adult world but they do in the realm of . they make a big difference . she was a head taller than anyone else in the class . she had the reach of a . she had the of an adult . she was also mean . really mean . beyond the bright of the there were dark of dark chocolate and in those dark handsome men in long flowing trench stood and in dark soothing . they told me which i did not understand but i anyway . i knew the were dirty and i knew mother would disapprove but i also because it brought a smile to their dark chiseled and joy into the world made me happy . i knew they me . everyone in me . in i had and with those i would laugh and dance and sing and go on but sometimes when i to be alone i would climb up on top of one of the and watch the world beyond the city . out in the there were long legged spider of stiletto and . the majestic the world and breathed big of orange smoke into the sky from their pink tipped . on the windy days when of the candy coated nature traveled through the city you could smell the hint of cinnamon in the air . i spent most of my childhood in . it was the only place where i could find respite from mother s fire and brimstone preaching and steeler s angry but the older i got the more i that my miserable life through day t change anything . when i was young i t think there was any amount of candy that would make the suffering end but i was wrong . the tired announcement from . abbasi about the last day of classes before winter break was by a lively parade in . i would be forbidden to join the class on the end of the day to the natural history museum mother to sign any permission slip that would lead to me seeing but a celebration was still in order . before the the class would gather in the home kitchen and bake gingerbread men . the concept me to my tiny seven year old core . i would get to use my and my imagination to make something . i would get to design my own little gingerbread man . i would get to design my own little friend . of ginger folk filled the streets of in celebration and when i t dancing or singing from the sheer joy i felt in my heart i was surrounded by sugary . they all that i paint their face on my new friend . they were all beautiful and i told them that but deep inside i had already chosen the smile that i would see on my gingerbread companion . i had already chosen his name too he would be buddy the gingerbread boy . he t be a man . a gingerbread man would be too big . if i a man in my room mother would find him and crush him to little before the week was over . no buddy would be a tiny gingerbread boy a friend that i could tuck away in my bed stand drawer and hold for safety if mother s feverish midnight ever got too scary . when the day of the gingerbread came my were steadier than they ever were in any and class . i to make sure that my new friend would be perfect . as i worked away at his blue frosting suit the rest of the classroom . the the cheesy music . reading a newspaper by the desk the outside world faded away and i was left alone with my masterpiece . i was going to make him so beautiful . he would have the smile and the biggest . after he would be done and up everyone would say wow ! what a handsome gingerbread boy ! but no one outside of my imagination ever said that . just as i was about to start frosting to the gingerbread boy s face i felt a sharp pain in the back of my head . reality was dragging me back out of my imagination in the form of steeler s heavy fist wrapped around my hair . within i was down on the floor and looking up at the rd grade giant observing my tiny friend . i got up and with her in strained to leave the gingerbread boy alone i told her that he t do anything to her that there was no need for destruction . she me . instead her big dumb from my faceless creation to the jagged mess of red frosting on her table . i her to leave him be yet she to listen . instead she the tube of frosting that i had used for buddy s red and it over his blank face . two quick by a squeeze long enough to empty the whole tube . that s all it took . suddenly the potential smile and bright were with an eternal scream . looking back at me from my table were two sharp for and a hungry mouth so wide that it into his blue suit . if you tattle steeler said in that dark cruel voice of hers i will kill you . and then as if she t just crushed all my she back over to her desk without a care in the world . . continued reading her newspaper for a couple more before she came around to collect our gingerbread to put in the oven . i t resist . i was still in shock from seeing my new friend getting in a senseless act of violence . a television was rolled into the room and the class was to the first of on a groaning . the movie was barely audible past the excited of my about the imminent field trip but i t watching the screen anyway . my stayed glued to the oven . somewhere in that furnace of hot light buddy s were becoming permanent . by the time the were done no one about the movie or the baked . conversation was solely on how excited everyone was to see the that would be on display in the museum . hearing my talk about how much fun they would have in a place to me by mother s religious fanaticism hurt worse than steeler s numbing but it t until i was handed the gingerbread boy s corpse that my heart truly broke . . abbasi left me alone in the classroom the tape of a flickering backdrop to my personal tragedy . i sat there holding my only friend in the palm of my hand . his body was still warm from the oven but his manic scream of a mouth sent down my spine . buddy would forever be broken and i would forever be lonely . it was a mournful day in . rain real rain fell from the sky like big swollen . the gummy on the ground shed all of their coloring and turned into amorphous of gelatin the ice cream tipped watery milk all over the pavement and everything was sticky . all of the had been turned off and the only thing that cut through the silence of the city were from the as they around me . the gingerbread boy might have been but i would always have them they said . would be here for me in this tough time they said . but then an infernal screech cut through the . the long legged scarcely had time to turn before the upon them . within their mammary were dark red frosting across the fluffy white land . from the sky . the of the infernal lizard on the horizon were soon by of panic from the streets of . heavy of beaked shook the city at its foundation . the the that i was forbidden to see in the real world were forcing their way into the safe haven of my imagination . and they were it . massive broke through the caramel of the and sent sparkling electricity out into the wet world cut their way through innocent sending blood and candy in the streets the beneath of the weight of blunt prehistoric force . the rain had turned into a downpour . real storm above the city and it with cold of water and sharp lightning . shook with the of thunder and destruction but beyond the mayhem there was something else beyond the mayhem there were . back in my first grade classroom with quietly begging to become a real boy on the television i found myself crying . i t just cry because of the gingerbread boy i t just cry because of the museum trip i was from i cried because there was no way out . steeler s would forever haunt me . mother s screeching voice would forever haunt me . could never sustain their horrible cruel presence in my life . i cried because i knew there was no escape from the life i was living . as i cried i him in my like a child a safety blanket as if he could help me as if he could deliver me from my suffering but i knew in my heart of hearts that he was just a . yet as the onto the little gingerbread boy a glint of movement my attention . the world beyond my was shimmering beneath the wetness of my but for a split second i thought i saw a twitch in the suit . for a breathless moment i watched the gingerbread in my searching for movement . soon enough i t just see it i felt it . with trembling and an unsteady mind i buddy on my desk and watched . for the first time in my young life i made an active effort to suppress my imagination . t real gingerbread men could not come to life there was no conceivable way for buddy to be moving on his own . for a gentle moment of calm i almost my own but then with a shaking groan buddy s red maw . buddy the gingerbread boy rasped through his impossible mouth i am buddy . the crimson on his face to blink but after a couple frantic they were straight at me . with effort the gingerbread boy himself up to his unsteady and to walk towards me . his arms were his red mouth across his torso i am buddy he said i am buddy the gingerbread boy . every muscle of my tiny being was with panic . i t look away . i t move . i t scream . instead of a cry for help all i to let out was a wheeze . with each crumb filled step buddy s footing more confident . soon enough he was towards me like the friendly gingerbread men that . would read us about in the library . but those gingerbread men were friendly and pretty . buddy was neither . buddy he strained as he hopped off my desk and into my lap i am buddy the gingerbread boy . my body continued to ignore all of my panic as buddy to crawl across the itchy sweater i was wearing . i was frozen in a frenzy of fear and the only thing i could manage to do was shake . yet my did little to stop buddy s progress he just my clothes tearing away of fluff as he traveled up my body . his fingerless pinched my skin with every grab of flesh that he took but soon enough his climb stopped . buddy had his rough around my throat . each frenzied breath my body more difficult to grasp . i am buddy the gingerbread boy he said squeezing and i love you . my heartbeat against his unrelenting body the world was becoming faint i could feel myself drifting off . i every ounce of energy i had and to speak . you are hurting me i to whimper . as if a spell had been broken the pressure on my throat immediately and buddy came tumbling down to the bottom of my sweater . for a moment he in an embrace of wool but soon enough his head out . the red in his face up at me in adoration and his scream of a mouth raised into an apologetic smile . i am sorry he said sitting up i do not mean to hurt you . i just want to be . ? i my breath but the shock of his making me breathless again you want to be with me ? he i love you and i love and i want to be your friend . his mouth still tore into his body and his still like two sharp of a knife but somehow there was an affectionate air about the creature . he was completely deformed but somewhere inside of that torn up face i could see him . i could see buddy . i would like to be your friend buddy i whispered i would like it very much . without a hesitation buddy up my sweater and back towards my neck but this time he t choke me . this time he me . i don t know what we about first . all i know is that we . we the same way that the other would sit and chat about the color of the sky or how were neat or what their favorite pizza topping was . my first conversation with a real friend was more than i could ever imagine . yet as we our conversation from life small talk to more painful . every word i said about steeler or mother drained the joyfulness out of the gingerbread boy s face . soon enough the gaping hole in buddy s chest t smiling . it had turned into a violent snarl . no one my friend like that ! he his mouth turning the shade of blood you have to fight back ! you can t let them hurt you like that ! i him how i could fight back how i could stop the constant barrage of sadness that the two brought into my life . i for an answer to my suffering . buddy s slitted into deep thought . a couple times the giant red splotch at his core as if it was about to announce a plan but nothing came of it . i do not know friend he finally said but together we can defeat them . together we can rebuild and make life a song . together i whispered . later the door to the classroom to a horde of happy plastic . on any other occasion i would feel jealous of their and the fun afternoon they were so loudly chatting about but with buddy sitting in my sweater i was completely content with what i had . when . writing out our winter break on the i put buddy next to my day planner . all of those that we had to read all of those art we had to start i knew that i would work on them with my gingerbread friend by my side . yet as i copied down the writing on the i suddenly felt a push from the side . before i knew what was happening i was lying on the floor . the other were quietly giggling . steeler had me out of my chair . . turned around from the and told me to keep my for after the bell rang and continued writing down the assigned reading . not wanting to antagonize before my walk back home i t say anything . i figured if i just kept my head low for the next couple of i would get to enjoy winter break with buddy but i was wrong . as soon as i was back at my desk my heart a beat . the gingerbread boy was gone from my table . without a word steeler up buddy between two . he was dangerously close to her monstrous jaw . i loud enough to get the attention of the other . soon enough the whole class with the exception of . was watching our exchange . i i for buddy s life promising to do anything she as long as she let him go . but in response she just . too bad i m hungry she said in that dark voice of hers . and then she him whole . i have always been a quiet child but when i saw my only friend disappear in that dark gullet i let out a scream that brought in concerned faculty from other . my heart exploded in a white hot rage . i at calling her every bad word that i had picked up over the and even some that i made up on the spot but in response she just . i breathlessly what to . but in response she just if i was telling the truth . no said in that dark voice of hers she s making it all up . i for the other pleading for someone to take my side begging for someone to tell the truth but everyone just down on their . steeler was not known for being kind to . no one to get hurt on my account . everyone here is lying ! especially steeler ! i in exasperation . this did not sit well with . for a split second i could see her dark into me revenge but soon enough they beneath a curtain of . i was crying again but this time they t quiet this time i hard enough for my throat to hurt . i tried going back to but there was nothing left for me to go back to . the city was a collection of glass and bent candy . not a soul was left to greet me or talk to me even the had left . all that of my daydream kingdom was a wet sticky wasteland . . made me sit out in the hallway until the final bell rang because i was to the class but once everyone in the grade had left the classroom she me in . there was exhaustion in her but somewhere past the tiredness there was understanding . she said she knew was a problematic classmate and that regardless of what i deserved to be able to have my own gingerbread man . there was still some dough and a couple of frosting that i could take home for winter break . i knew mother would never let me make a mockery of god s image in the oven and i was still from the heartbreak of losing buddy but . s gift was a gentle band aid for my broken soul . that band aid did not stay for long . after i left school just as i was starting to daydream about how i would bake a new gingerbread boy in the middle of the night i felt a sharp pain in my jaw . before i knew what was happening i was lying on the pavement with a loose milk tooth rattling in my mouth . no one me a liar she said in that dark voice of hers . with the sun burning behind her she like a fiery giant . the of a third grader bent down and for my . i was too from the sucker punch to put up a fight as the first strap came off but as i that steeler was going to take away my one chance to make another gingerbread friend i to resist . deep inside of my soul i could hear buddy cheering me on telling me that if i just stood up for myself would get better . but they t . with another punch steeler me back to the ground . no one me a liar she said in that dark voice of hers as she slipped on my little bag this is mine now . and then as if she t just out one of my teeth and stolen my only chance at a friend she off down the street . i had no left to cry . i just sat up on the pavement sniveling watching the bully march off into the sunset with my . the pain in my mouth was bad but i knew that the tongue mother would give me at home for losing my bag would be worse . but i knew i t do anything . if i at and tried to get my back she would just hit me again . so i just sat there and watched walk away . but she t walk far . for a second i thought she had just turned around to admire her handiwork to really soak in how miserable she made me but as she rushed back to me there was no malice in her . for the first time ever i saw something other than hatred and dumb rage in s steeler s face . i saw fear . help she said in a voice unlike her own . her massive hand was squeezing her huge stomach . help she repeated . threw my at me as if that would stop whatever pain she was in but it t . help ! she at me frantically punching her belly with her jaw wide open she froze . the rest of the word to come out of her mouth . her tongue at me in strained effort . there was something in her mouth . there was someone in her mouth . past steeler s blocky teeth i saw two slitted looking back at me . buddy was covered in mucus but aside from that he was the same gingerbread boy i had an hour prior . he had his fingerless wrapped around her tongue as if it were a rodeo bull and he was a cowboy . when my from s stare and met his malformed buddy . and then with one big leap he back down steeler s throat . he took her tongue along for the ride . she left a long trail of red across the pavement as she her way over to the playground . that s where she and that s where she stayed . the panicked and and around her and someone call an ambulance . as the chaos in the playground unraveled no one even me . i just stood there and watched . i stood there and hoped that buddy would leap out of her bloody throat and jump into my arms . but he t . by the time the uniformed men loaded steeler into the back of an ambulance with a blanket covering her pained grimace i knew that buddy t coming back to me . walking home through the dark i also knew that mother would be furious about me out late and that the and i would have to do for penance would take up valuable time i could spend . yet as i through the lamplit streets i found a lightness in my step that i had never felt before . half of my were suddenly gone . my mother was as furious as she and and accused me of i haven t done but in her anger she forgot to check the contents of my bag . that night as she for my filthy soul at her invisible god i back to . in the ashes of the city my . and men in trench and of course the gingerbread they all sat around a little fire in the town square and tried to make sense of it all . the destruction of the city the death which the brought upon the community it was all too much for them . they were all hopeless . but i raised their . i told them of buddy s victory over steeler i told them how i would start making as soon as school would start again . i told them i was ready to stand up for myself . i told them i had . half of my were gone . all i to do was finish the job . that night once mother s screaming down i went to the kitchen and turned on the oven . . had given me enough dough for at least five gingerbread . when i was young i t think there was any amount of candy that would make the suffering end but i was never in or anything supernatural . i always thought it made up nonsense when people about in the or alien . that was anyway until i had an experience i could not explain . i was walking home from a close house one weekend . the sun had just gone down but i ' t in a hurry . the wind was gently blowing the grass and the were chirping . it was a beautiful night not a single cloud in the sky . i was making my way past an old playground that had been in my neighborhood for . it had been abandoned for a while but there was an fence around the perimeter with and no not enter danger along the fence . i remember rust was formed around the playground equipment . i was almost down the street from it when i loud wrestling . i stopped and around . i told myself it must have been the wind . but then i it again . this time it was like if someone was shaking a tree branch . i back at the park . curiosity got the best of me and i turned back to investigate the noise which was a mistake . i was away from the fence when i the rustling yet again . i up at a large oak tree the was towering over me and felt leaves fall in my hair hello ? i said my voice around me . no answer . i back farther from the tree . i saw something move on one of the . it like a person but it could not be possible for someone to of such a large tree . is anyone up there ? i again . but again i no took out my phone from the pocket and turned on the flash and pointed it up to the tree . i finally got a good look at what ' s up there and it was definitely not a human . i stood there . the creature in the was humanoid . it had long arms and and pink wrinkly skin that around its body . i saw small fine sticking out from its head . and the smile it was the worst part . it went ear to ear . the skin around its lipless mouth as though it was apart . the street light was reflecting off its yellow my phone and before away as fast as i could . i rustling then a loud thud behind me . i back and saw that the thing was on all like a coyote . it was running towards me and it was catching up . i to pick up my pace but i ' t fast enough . i felt something cold and clammy around my wrist . i was back . i was in shock only away from the creature . my heart was pounding fast . the creature ' s breath smelled of decay . it ' s terrifying smile up to reveal of small sharp teeth . i was . i was going to be eaten alive by this monster . just as its mouth was going to close over me i something . i i had a pocket knife in my left . i could feel it against my leg . i quickly in and took it out . i them up to its yellow and them with it . the creature let out a scream and let go of my wrist . it put its hand on its eye . black thick goo was coming out from the eye . it back to the tree . i spirited home as fast as i could and never looking back . to this day nobody me . i never that they would in any way . they tell me it ' s all in my head but i know better i know what and i am certain it was real . i mostly try to avoid that way home now . but when i can ' t i feel it watching me with its yellow . and sometimes feel it right behind me ready to attack at any moment . for as long as i can remember i never felt truly alone wherever i am whatever i m doing it s never just me . sometimes it s a comforting presence one that its featherweight arms around my when i m crying like a comforting parent . other times it me a scalding weighted blanket me until it like my are stuffed with cotton and my throat as though i been screaming for on end . when i was little my brushed it off as a childish imaginary friend . would give me that jovial half wonky smile and sit with me on the living room rug if my friend to stay for dinner . that was before she smelling sour all the time . that was before her and dad shouting and fighting all the time . that was before she and got blood all over the rug . i never fully her and the rug got thrown out . i that rug . when i got older they took me to the immaturity and disconnect from reality . the doctor said depression schizophrenia comfort for my trauma . but it was all wrong . i t sick . i was fine . they gave me and told me to come back if they t helping . the t help and i t go back i mean what was i ? there was nothing wrong with me . the thing to follow me everywhere recently more so since i . it s like an aching weight anchored upon my chest as i pick emotionless and uninterested at my breakfast while open a bottle saying it s just to get her going and she stop when she a job . but the phone stays still and silent and the page in the paper remains untouched . it over me as i pick up my sagging school bag wondering where dad is and trying to remember if i seen him in the past few days . my are like knotted . as i walk to school my head is full of calling to me from the pine . their snake through the telling me i be welcome there and how he s waiting for me . i don t know who he is . i wonder if he help me . school days seem to flash by in a blink . i barely remember my classes and i m failing each and every test . keep my behind with of concern across the flesh of their . i ponder what they re really thinking . they touch my shoulder touch my arm me is everything at home ? and why t you trying ? i smile tell them everything s fine . i think about him and how good at lying i gotten . sometimes they threaten to call my but i don t care it s not like they do anything anyway . in the last week the have grown and more intense . sometimes it s a chorus of as before and other times it s a different kind of voice . his voice . one as thick as tar and like the gritty crunch of fresh gravel . it me think how weird it is that something can both grate on your and soothe your entire being at once . i m not sure what it is but just something about his voice me want to stop dead and mush like room temperature butter . he s nice . understanding . he he s from the forest and he a home to people like me . the forgotten people . people whom life t quite as fair to as . people who need an escape . people who need someone to actually care for them for once . he said he them and them in and they live forever with him in the forest . i saw him today standing almost hidden in the . he s taller than i ever him to be . achingly so . with a long form dressed in a ragged black suit his thin bony from the of his . atop his head was a threadbare top hat which perfectly still as his cocked his head side to side at me his whispered tone scraping my eardrum raw . i want to meet him . to see him in person not through a window . i want to meet the he s saved . i want to be like them . i stopped going to school what s the point ? my haven t . whenever i leave my room is asleep or out on the sofa i never know which not that it much . dad is hardly ever around during the day . it s quiet without him and i like it . when it s quiet i can hear his voice better . i don t want to end up like them . like my . like everyone else in town that s unemployed depressed or addicted to one thing or another . i m not like them and i never want to be . i m going to do it . i m going to join him . i m standing behind my house in the stretch of grassy dirt that indistinguishably from our unkempt and fenceless into the wild foliage of the . i thought i would be or at least nervous . but i m not . he s calling me and i m going to join him . so if you re reading this right now i want to make a few clear . first i m not mentally ill and i never have been . this is the state of mind i ever been in . second i m making the right decision here so don t try and stop me . i can t stay in the suffocating air of that house . i m leaving and for good to join him . this is my own decision and no i haven t been . third i m going to leave my phone here in the grass after i post this and before i join him so don t bother trying to contact me because i won t answer . finally his name is sam and one day he come and save you too . we stand us three alone in the wilderness . the wind is wild and through the rippling . grey green beneath a wet grim sky . the of and frothing against the distant coast are carried on the and the ground . the low hill that from the ground before us to shake . boots to my right shifting . what s what s happening ? we don t respond . this will be his first time down below . boots i mean . his first time seeing the subject . xb the secret of the . xb boots is not what the lad is actually . he was so for a moment of madness in his very first week here . for some inane reason or other perhaps or a poor attempt at a joke he had the boots of a passing officer . nice boots he d said and the officer had come to a stop at once turning to stare at the young man as if he were an alien from another bloody planet . the boots are standard issue of course . they re all the exact same . and the name had stuck . boots was boots from that moment on . xb with a rumble and the grinding of old and wearied unseen the front face of the hill around . a panel of fake grass to the right and out of sight beneath the edge of the hill revealing inside it a small and gloomy metal room . and i step on in . is the soldier to my left . he s been here for as long as i have . six so far . he s alright . a bit of a prick sometimes but you know . he s fine . after a second of hesitation boots us in and the door shut behind us . we are for a moment into complete darkness then a weak orange bulb attached to the in the upper right weakly into life . there is another low clank from below and the floor to vibrate . our lurch as we feel ourselves drop and the rough earth and stone of our surroundings start to rise up all around . it s a lift you see . an elevator . and down we go . down down under the ground . xb i m looking straight ahead at the rushing rock illuminated faintly in orange but in the corner of my eye i can see boots shift from one foot to the other . i sense him tense up . he s starting to feel it . for the first time . the of misery that emanate up from below . from the subject . and they only get and as you get closer and closer . i try to remember what it was like for me on my first time down into the complex . it s alright mate i mutter . just try to remember that it t permanent . it once you return to the surface . xb boots but nothing . the lift rattles . and down we go . xb the dark rock ahead by and after a while we start to pass other too . steel and . . thick of glass that allow us fleeting into old and sterile of and blurred and anonymous . the lift to slow . the rock and the metal peel back and away like a curtain . the view ahead us to be near the roof of an enormous hangar like cavern and us a vantage point out and below . people shuffle from place to place far beneath like little . this is the of the complex . and it is vast . this is where they keep the subject . boots forwards he a hand on the rail and out over the edge . it s weird him with us it s like i m seeing everything again for the first time through his . holy crap he bewildered . the of the hangar are shrouded in darkness and stuffed full of various and all inter connected with and . pour over the data . they take endless . march by all shadowed . . but the very of the hangar is brightly illuminated . perpetually in the glare of a dozen all evenly spaced and pointed down at the complex s . xb the subject . xb what is he ? boots . it . the higher insist . they want us calling it an it . but i don t know he so much like a it boots for s sake . it s an it . boots no more and his gaze out over the scene below . the subject even as brightly lit as it is is still quite far away from our current position and its are not easily distinguishable . but i been up close . i seen what they re keeping down here . the subject slightly taller than your average man . it s about or by my guess . in a rough x shape the subject s and are bound in heavy of a black and unknown metal . they are taught and connect to the enormous similarly giant circle to which he is . the subject the appearance and of a male . it is dark tan skinned and completely hairless but for two of pure white above a pair of that are perpetually closed tight shut . sleeping . its body is with a series of curious and intricate . some in black some bizarrely in white . a circle been drawn across its chest and upper torso . the circle two great that burst from the top and two that splay out from beneath spreading out across its . all down its arms are a series of in various and sizes but all open wide all staring . these are the only i . the only that anyone . no one yet successfully the myriad of and that cover its neck its and back . behind the subject a tall rectangular machine . a mechanical monolith ever grinding ever humming . it s a generator of that into a heavy tripod and in its grip it tight a burning shard large and sharp and jagged at the as if broken from a piece of an even greater whole . the shard is glass like and white hot at the . of fiery yellow and orange ripple paradoxically like water across its form . the shard is into the subject s back between the two that protrude from its shoulder like broken of diamond . the shard out through the subject s chest . always rippling in its of orange and yellow and white ever burning . all quite necessary for his containment they tell me . for it s containment i should say . it really is difficult not to think of the subject as a he xb the lift comes to a stop at the base of the hangar clanking down against the concrete . the rail and we walk on out into the complex . the of despair are strong now . i see boots lift a hand to wipe his though i choose not to comment . the captain . he s not in charge of the complex but he could well be the highest officer on duty today . the at the top don t like spending much time down here for obvious . afternoon the captain . he s a broad shouldered man . scarred across one cheek . sir we reply more or less as one standing straight and . about time you got down here . and who s this crybaby ? before boots a chance to respond . that s boots sir . boots eh ? the captain scratches his chin . bad luck on the name . he turns to me . and where s that little sidepiece of yours eh ? he a show of past me into the empty lift . been nice for the at the top to send down a bit of for a change she s already down here sir i reply . been for four days now . you what ! ? why the t anyone tell me ? well where the hell is she ? i don t know sir i lie . . he then turns to . what s a bird like her doing with a wasteman like this eh ? i bet you d love to have a go on her t you ? after a beat and still looking straight ahead not my place to say sir . the captain . coward . so where can i find her then ? think she be interested in a go on this ? he to his crotch . unlikely sir i reply my fist by my side . and why is that ? she s an engineer sir . i imagine she s had her fill of to broken . and to his credit so does the captain . how long are you down here for ? three days i reply . make it five . yes sir . alright . get to work . . we salute and leave the captain behind . xb yeah he s a prick . you get used to it . xb off to our station and i direct boots to where he needs to go with a pat on the back . i watch him head through the appropriate door and disappear down the corridor . i shoot a glance over to the subject . i be at the station with but there s no immediate rush i figure . time enough for a little detour . i push through the door and ascend the . i walk tall and confident so as not to attract any as to my destination and ascend set after set of through the sterile peeling white . a few up i find her more or less where i was to find her . the girl i been seeing . . she s working on an enormous piece of weaponry . it s new t there the last time i was here . it at the very head of the corridor and is angled in such a way as to point out and over the waist high wall down to the of the complex directly at the subject far below . i call out to the lass in greeting . ! she in surprise her teeth showing white in a warm grin . it could well be the first time she s in days . it s brutal down here . i don t know why we call each other by our last by the way . it s just something we do . she and me into a hug . i kiss her on the and then on the neck . get a room ! a grouchy voice from the far end of the corridor . she back a little brushing a strand of hair behind her ear . i t to see you down here ? shift got . you know how the army is . and what about you ? i thought you were due to return to the surface like two days ago ? she . you know how the army is . we share a laugh . a welcome sound in the gloom of these sterile . " so how long are you done here for then ? " she me . " five days . it was meant to be three but the captain screwed me over . and boots are down here too " . " oh " she . " ' s here too ? how long are the be down ? " " three days same as i was meant to have " . i shrug and she her out in an " ah well what can you do " kind of gesture . i nod to the enormous contraption she s working on . what s this then ? she a noise of exhaustion . this bloody thing is why i m down here . the up don t want us to change with the next lot until we actually the work on at least one of these bad . it would be easier if they let us test them a little more but well they don t . what is it ? i ask . it ' s a weapon right ? what does it fire ? . yeah . security measure for the subject . take a look at this . she me just around the corner to a and container . based on what s inside however i m assuming that the material is a little more expensive than simple . precisely and carefully on two narrow metal is a long bullet . made of the same shimmering fiery material as the blade in the subject s chest the bullet is ringed in two of what to be dark and glistening wood . i mutter . yeah she . no idea how it was made or even what it s made of but i m presuming it s expensive as all hell . i murmur in agreement . my prick up at the of running and i take a step back and return round the corner into the corridor . one of the that works here a woman in a white coat is hurriedly making her way towards us . she anxiously back over her shoulder tugging at her and i am instantly alert . my mood at once and i feel all my sharpen in reflex . something s not right here . hey i call out excuse me ? is everything ? the scientist in her to stare at me she frozen in place as if on the verge of some crucial information then we turn as one to stare down the corridor as a ripple of icy wind down it . not possible of course . there is no wind down here . nothing a sensation like that . and yet . xb ripple across my skin and my blood instantly cold . wide i cannot help but stand stock still staring down the long and gloomy corridor ahead . the overhead at the far end fizzle out and the furthest are into shadow . and the deepen . the entire complex as it could do with a little maintenance . peeled paint and chipped glass tell a tale of laziness . of idle neglect . but looking down the corridor now the sensation is all at once so much more noticeable . the disrepair that one would never even see on a normal patrol now of rot . of sickness . of discord and disarray . even though physically the outward appearance of the and the ceiling and the various remains largely the same . . the impression they give now is that they could collapse at any moment . that behind the they are only barely together by the of . i can almost hear the and the concrete crack and a voice out from the darkness as the start to fail one by one . xb where is he ? i know he is waiting for us soldier . xb the voice is by the appearance of an appendage of what i can only describe as thick void like black ink . only barely visible through the it slithers around the far corner into sight and to leak and ooze across the floor towards us . it is here where my training in . before i can even issue the order to my i find them to the switch on the nearby wall . my elbow up to smash the glass and i grab the switch it down hard to an wail of a siren one that overhead and through the . the white coat of the scientist is illuminated in the repetitive steady beat of a flashing orange light and i bring my radio up to my mouth watching as the start to appear . one of them into life behind me a sheet of metal steadily grinding out from the ceiling and the aim of the enormous gun blocking off the view over the edge and down to the subject and the of the complex below . another to slide out from the wall a few ahead . a great grid of solid metal it as it out from its slot hidden away in the wall and as it gradually the rest of the corridor from view . i catch a glimpse of a wet and inky black body around the far corner before the barrier and itself into place . corridor d to i shout into the receiver corridor d to ! we are facing a level one breach ! i can t even believe i m saying it . i never thought this could happen . never in a thousand thousand . i might as well be my voice it barely even like my own to my but into the radio i shout as loud and as clear as i can i repeat level one breach . we are facing a level one breach ! xb it clear that the path will end just ahead . i can t quite see past the curve which to my left but the seem much suddenly and the thin gravel sand mix below my is out to nearly nothing giving over to grass . i tug my shirt down once twice to turn around kicking out my ahead of me . it s an absurdly bright day . the colors around me are flashing and suddenly my head is feeling thick as i shift my to run again back to my starting point . i draw in multiple quickly breath of fire and i get a bit of a high alongside a few of delicious air . snick snick snick my new sing along . loosen tighten loosen tighten . snick snick snick . i never thought i could run like this . snick snick snick . it great it terrible it great it terrible . i grin as i think about telling my husband that i to make it all the way to the end of the trail . first it was gentle yoga then a few extra a week then a growing sense that i could handle if i just got the right gear . he d me with a package last month smell and that special softness of just right and just right patterned shorts . i felt good i felt great . i felt terrible . breathe deeply not quickly . right ? snick snick snick . god i those . it was my first run in them . a few more and i give myself permission to slow . i been running already for what ? probably twenty ? twenty since i d left my in the red brick parking lot . twenty since i d my phone in my glove compartment and slipped my car key in my bra . funny how different you can feel after just twenty . i d a long lunch just by knocking back an appointment or two . for so long i taken my schedule for as if i t in charge of it . but the furniture of the universe can be . i don t have to do my check at or even . heck check only really need to happen once a week the of the dollar in my rotation are pretty self sufficient . there t that many after they added the pine location last year and my staff know what they re doing . most of the time . snick snick snick . a dip and i stumble . scuffed . my and my . laughing a bit as i haul myself up shaking some long leaf pine needles free from my . i surprise myself by taking off again immediately brushing off my thigh as i went . i can feel new tautness through the fabric . the thickness in my head t really dissipated but my my my back feel great . out neatly . longer somehow . as i ran i considered . shall i keep ? which part of the path am i on ? i notice the curve ahead . off to the left . i can t quite see around it but the path to end up there . confused i look back over my shoulder still running . there too the path to end . could that be right ? no around this curve the path t end . it s just a bit uphill . i tried to slow down but in surprise . i kept running even as i stopped swinging my arms and tried to draw a breath . my themselves ? they have kept going ? my have kept going . i am still running . my t feeling like my own . longer somehow yes but suddenly outside of my control . i am feeling very alarmed now . i am still running . those through my mind again . it had been far far longer than the i had . that was a week ago . my are cracking . my are somehow scuffed but intact . my t . my t from where i been trying to tear those off . for the first day i was sick and vomiting . my and vomit dried on day two . my sweat on day four . my blood won t dry because my flesh won t stop tearing especially as i try to stop myself on and . my pants won t dry because my piss and are still coming . i am still running . still running . i turn left that s where the path and the highway . i don t know where it came from or when it first found me but the beast been around stalking waiting . the late night had turned into early morning . i was tossing and turning too hot underneath the too cold without them . turning on the t help . turning it off t either . my brain was too loud than the . at some point i rolled over facing the window . the were not quite drawn all the way . some fragment of moonlight had slipped through . i could see a sliver of the night sky . it was beautiful out there . i remember wondering what it would be like to float up toward those peacefully leaving my bed and home and and everything else behind . i saw two little of yellow light like buzzing outside my window . i convinced myself that s just what they were . the firefly for a few more before floating away . i fell asleep soon after and t wake up again until my alarm off . unknowingly that was my first encounter with the beast that i know of at least . it again days later . i was on my outside a fast food joint eating some cheap meal . the video i had on my phone was my only company . for some reason i t begin to say why i straight ahead and intently at the across the street . something t right and i t figure out what it was . and then i saw the yellow in the dark of the just as bright as they were a few nights before . it took me a minute though to realize that these t separate at all . they were the of a single entity . its body was than anything i had ever seen . it was a void in my eyesight . it had no discernible shape not that i could tell from a distance . i t know what to call it so i it the beast . any peace that the had given me when i first saw them as something more beautiful than the glowing of a monster was gone . dread rolled over me . my were shot . the beast my new normal . it t matter where i was i could always find the beast if i hard enough . it could be in the parking lot beyond my office window or on the roof of a building as i down the street . i could block every window in my house lock all the hide in a closet and the beast s yellow could still be seen when i closed my own . at first i tried to deny that i was seeing anything . nobody else to notice it . i was afraid to ask about it knowing the people around me would call me crazy tell me to see a doctor laugh in my face or insist that i belong in a mental institution . i kept the beast to myself . eventually it easier to accept . i was no longer afraid of it the worst it could do is distract me try to scare me and slow my pace down . maybe it would keep me awake for too long some nights . i can t deny that the beast s presence affected me it did but i less afraid of it over time and accepted it as a discomfort in my life like a constant ringing in my or a chronic toothache . i t like it but i could manage . that was the case for a while at least . i saw the beast up close for the first time last night . lying in bed unable to sleep just like i had been when i first saw its the beast came to me . maybe it through one of the . maybe it just there at the foot of my bed like a demon by some inhumane ritual . i don t know but somehow the latter more likely . my bedroom light was on and i could see the beast clearly . the beast is tall taller than i had thought possible . it the head of a pig the body of a and black black fur . it and smoke that formed a cloud between it and me . i remember the way its shone clearly through the smoke as if it t there at all . by making eye contact with it i had become . the temperature in the room had by thirty or more . my first thought was that i was dead and this was satan himself coming to take me under . i convinced myself i was alive only by listening to the beating of my heart that had gone from a smooth beat to a drum roll . the beast raised an enormous hand the size of a baseball glove . i to scream scream so loud that the roof of my house off but no sound could escape . not even a peep . the beast its hand onto my exposed ankle and down . it me from my bed and dragged me by the ankle . the beast took one slow step at a time occasionally but never looking back at me . my bare back scraped the carpet then the concrete of my back patio then the damp grass of my . the beast led me into the . and and sliced and skin off my back . i could feel the moisture underneath me a mixture of the night s dew and my own blood . no matter how much i tried i t shake loose the beast s grip . i t scream cry beg plead or even ask nicely for the beast to please oh dear god please let me go i was absolutely utterly defenseless . i must have out at some point . i don t know how far the beast dragged me . i came to and the first thing i was how bright everything was . i was lying on my back staring up and that the sky was still black . why is everything so bright ? that newly familiar noise had returned again . the beast s guttural like the roar of a tiger was each twig breaking and leaf crunching step the beast took . it was getting closer slowly . the ground every time it its foot against the dirt . the thumping grew and the trembling and until finally the beast was standing over me its pig head seeming to touch and blend in with the dark sky . i made eye contact with the beast again . the beast again and smoke filled the air over me the smell of it . i that the air was hot getting hotter . perhaps it was the intense that snapped my back into place . i immediately the loud loud surrounding me . everything around me snapped crackled and yes . i up and for a split second just the amount of time i t concerned with the beast or the heat or the around me . i was relieved that i could move again . the beast a few away just as i had up . the air behind me was unbearably hot . i turned and to no surprise a wall of was coming toward me . i bid my time from the by moving toward the beast . it was standing before a deep deep hole . it must have down for . the were getting closer . i to burst in another direction but was stuck between the beast the and a hole to the bottom of the earth . the beast its arm toward me . i a frog like raspy whisper come through me from the beast surely but the beast never its mouth . its sound stemmed from my own brain . come with me . i be your savior it said . i at the beast s hand then back at the . they were thirty away maybe even a little less . sweat down my body the same way water across your body in the pouring rain . don t go . let the fire take you . the fire is your only way out another voice said a lighter clearer voice more resemblant to my own . the fire was twenty away now at the most . the beast its other arm now reaching out to me the way a mother does for a distraught child . it still pleading at me inside my own head to come with it . i stayed put until it again . it took one step closer toward the hole . it s cool down here it said . you never be hot again . ten away the fully what of my world the beast the hole and me . there was no exit . either i was going to trust this monster or i was going to trust myself and face the fire . the fire came and i accepted it . the last thing i saw was the beast diving into the hole . my world orange then white . it hurt oh god everything hurt . my final thought before everything went black was that i had made the wrong choice surely the hole would be better than this this hell . and then black . my life t end there in those . i don t know what after it all went black . the only thing i know for certain is that i woke up in my own bed this morning . the were all locked . there was no sign of entry or exit . certainly it must have been a dream . i crept out of bed and at the pain in my back . i on the . a breaking news story was . a massive wildfire had in the early morning just a couple from my house . its cause is unknown . what had it to cease so abruptly is also unknown . what they do know for sure is that the came to a head around a hole in the ground about thirty deep . than i thought actually . and here s what i say to you the beast is still out there somewhere . i know this because of were found at the bottom of that hole all of them human . if the beast comes to you please for the love of yourself do not jump into that hole . after my and dad got married they to the big city in my country and on the first they while moving their stuff a really old looking man them do they need help . " ' my name is . ' " he said while up some . few later i just turned and i got to the with all of it ' s marvelous content . yes that some " ' adult ' " . but one of my included my friend and the dark web . he said that there was this one site where you can see and their of they . i ' t see anything wrong with it . i did have a good anti virus so i said " ' what the hell do it ? '' . after a couple of i saw his face light up and a smile on his face . i and there was a long list of . a really long list . we to click some and we made just some fun . in the top right i saw a link saying ' " '' . i on it and the site with a whole new list of of people still being by the police . we and then something just ' t right . '' hey stop ! '' i said and said " " what dude ? you don ' t have to yell . '' . '' you see that ! ? '' i with a clear tremble in my voice . '' see what . dude you ' re me out '' . '' that you se that '' i pointed to the screen to a name . '' name '' . '' what the fu ! ? k ? ' " . i him and said it was probably just a coincidence . and just to prove it i on the link but the second the file i could feal my breathing stop . name crime murder born th average build glasses brown possibly bald the document from here the crime scene i shut off my computer and and i just sat in silence . the description was spot on . '' what should we do ? ' " he me . i was ten . i just to forget everything and said to that we should just forget about it . i ' t . the next morning after breakfast i told my that go over to . apartment just to see how was he . too say that they were suspicious was a understatement . his door more scary . i he the door and i him can i ask him some . he was living in the city while there was a war in my country . so i used that fact to write a " ' history paper ' " on how the war him . i sat down but i kept looking around . he gave me a warm smile and talking and i took some " ' '' . then i him " ' did you ever do anything bad ? '' . " ' what do you mean son ? bad like taking some candy from my or bad like on the test . ' " i felt my body go numb . '' bad like . . . bad like . . . bad like killing a person ? '' his face his god damn old face went from warm and smiling to calm and cold . his were fixed on mine . ' " no i haven ' t . sorry i need to take my and go take a nap . i think you should leave . '' his face was the same . calm . i said i understood and left . he closed the door and i him lock his door . now . i say hi to him everyday . i even go to the market for hi of the pandemic . a couple of ago and i haven ' t from him since . sometimes i try to find that web site just to make sure that it was a mistake . and yet something me that it ' t . so i have this story before so if you seen it elsewhere hey what s up how you some to get out of the way . the main girl in this story let s call her t had recently gotten pregnant before this incident and she always her grandmother . both just little to keep in mind maybe so i was working at a gas station at this time i had just graduated high school so like most east coast i went to myrtle beach to drink and get sunburned for a week . good fun when you re young and can handle it . anyhow the story with when i was heading back . it was just me and my friend h in the car we were about away from home and also the gas station where t was working that day me and h see a hot air balloon and mention it . nothing too crazy . then i get a call . i notice it s from t which is weird because while we work together we t like call each other off the clock cool . i answer and she we know you saw that hot air balloon . now right off the bat i m worried . she t sound like herself her voice is very dry and she very matte of fact she s usually very bubbly i ask how did you see that ! we re outside of town we see everything you i cannot make this up . this bitch said we see everything my friend h suddenly what the how did that s when t got angry and if someone else was there i said yes my friend h and she angrily and hung up . weird i thought but not so weird . i decide to head toward the gas station to see her and make sure she s . about an hour outside of town i get another call from her . i answer put her on speaker and h very quiet . hello ? i said we just want you to know that there are people looking out for you . you have guardian g and they love you very much . she much and almost like her normal self this time . thank you i said . you know we can speak all of different this more like the dry creepy voice from . assuming it was a prank i awkwardly if this was a prank it would be weird she never had this sense of humor before what ? i . yeah ! we can speak every language man . would you like to hear ? no i said . my friend h next to me was staring at me like what the . is she still there ? ? ? and she hung up . how she knew it was my female friend i have no idea . finally we pull up to the gas station this is where it weird . so for all t was very normal . she worked and she hung out with she was in no way remarkable at least where all this is concerned . so we pull up to the gas station to find her standing in the middle of the parking lot looking up at the sky . her neck is kind of twisted and looking weird . like she could have been on . we pull up and i ask if she s . she slowly her head down to look at us and i swear to god she right through us . her were almost dead looking . in a voice that did not sound like her own like a child s voice she do you play with me ? nobody to play with me ! t are you ? i just some gas . can you ring me up ? only if you play with me c mon get out of your car ! at this point she t . she was looking in my direction but her never met mine . she to walk toward the car but my heart was already racing i sped off before she got any closer . later that day i our manager at the gas station to tell her what . at least to tell her that t was standing in the parking lot possibly . anyhow my boss told me that she already knew . t had out and starting a costumer and they had to call the and ambulance . i never tired to reach out since i been too . even if it was how did she know i saw that hot air balloon away from the gas station ? why was she saying we all the time . why was she staring up at the sky and to play please let me know if you all have any like this or possible . i ' m writing this as it on my phone because i cant get to my . but some of it is from last night that i thought nothing of . i am on mobile so sorry for spelling so i here last month and this neighborhood is . after am i get a alert on my phone that alert seek the nearest building and or light . yesterday at around am i outside because i but i didnt know why the alert dont go outside ? but when i i say a man he had pitch black skin and clothes but you could clearly see he had clothes . so must be no light right ? no i have a outside my house . but i saw another " creature " for all i know it was tall pale with shaggy hair its arms were long like extremely long for its body but this ' t the man i saw yesterday ? but as soon as it was in light it to the man and it back when it saw i was looking at it and ran towards me it on all s but stood on and scratching my door trying to get in i dont know what ' s happening this town always felt off but it was small and everyone knew each other the town had around people i didnt know what to do . i had to force my bookcase in my door as of the creature was tearing my door apart . i ran upstairs frantically looking for my room that had my i was going to give to my nephew their a pistol . but i find it . . . . because i left it downstairs now i know i ' m i can hear the creature break in and pillage my . . . i locked the door and blocked it with whatever i could . and i jump out the window only a story up so it ' t a far fall but it still hurt . i bang reluctantly on my neighbor ' s door she me and me she she cant help me . i see the creature chase me and as soon as she out the window it back into the man . i have to run back to my house and turn on the which is what to be the weakness of the creature . so far all i know is that it can tear me to . what is this being ? why is this being ? what purpose may it have ? no one me i hope some of you can any of you help me ? may god bless our town . it ' s the next day and i around and ? all they say is follow the and it wont attack . . . one said that if it and doesnt kill it will continue the hunt . here i will wait again and record my if necessary . god bless me and you so i ' about ish and let me tell you i havent seen the creature yet . wait i see him different ? he like he did yesterday but he new ? evolution maybe but how would he have so fast ? a shapeshifter possibly . my are on . he is at my door he about foot from here but his arms look about long . his are razor sharp . i ask him " what is your purpose ? " no as i so i the door he the man again . yes light is his . he must be a crypt dweller or something . so as you know my small and this man if he is a human someone must know him i have a plan . . . i ask around the town and nothing no one this man ? how and why . . i must revisit the question what is his purpose ? so by his he can maul thing inanimate and animate . so living and not . so to kill ? that is all i can guess . how long the man been here ? maybe a guardian of something ? maybe a soul that ' s been bonded to a body that is not his cursed for eternal suffering ? next time i see it i will use the pistol . its around so wish me the best of luck i see it i will wait till it goes to my door . . . . . . at my door time to shoot . . . bang it ? into a gas like substance ? this is not anything related to a human . i will need to take caution . i will write more later for my gun but it ' s gone for now i must investigate where it went . . . the man in its creature form and is breaking down my door he to lurk when not hunting . breaking it down i ' m am i . i definitely am i need to run to the attic . before i bolt i stare it into the and he goes ballistic . he to be a lost . . . a forgotten friend . . . that is the theory i have . but he no mouth . . . nothing to speak with . . . anyway he is everything i need to run the neighbor is useless she is a . i ' the police their on the phone . they said they only take real not ? i ' m going to get ' m running upstairs praying to whatever god is real . i need a ladder but i left it downstairs and i am not tall enough to reach the attic . i need to use the bookcase i used to block the door . god i hope this goes ' m going to need to stop writing for a little the creature is running on all s again . wait weak to light ! i turned my light on and it did nothing i need to focus on the attic . i need to focus i will write more later but for now pray for me . . . it ' s only been active for a few but i find that i ' been pretty successful . successful is relative of course but i ' learned to set my of my fairly low . they ' re sneaky sadistic and don ' t care about my . i mean what some of them have me do on camera ' t anything horrific in itself but more what afterward . especially in the case of my most recent client . his name was and he had this weird thing about me dance around the room in a bizarre pattern that eventually made me dizzy . now this part is important even though it ' t seem like it at the time . " yes . . . dance . a little to the left then the right . . . " i was still fully but after a few i told i to sit down . was a middle aged man who was going bald and had a slight paunch . he always wore a suit to our and that night was no exception . " no . you ' already done what i you to do . just sit back and relax . " we for a while after that to talk . long lazy that never really went anywhere . during those i always felt like he was trying to get something out of me information but . . . he always on time . generously . and our cam never went any farther than that . when the call ended i got ready for bed . i took a short shower had a snack and read one of my favorite . it was hard getting ' s out of my head . " you ' already done what i you to do . " his voice slightly ominous yet cheerful . that night i slept fitfully . about am i woke up to a sound next to my bed . through blurry i saw what like the shadow of a giant bat next to the large window the street . a feeling of dread came over me then and the shadow came closer gliding toward me and then i felt its embrace the sensation of needles pressing against my skin . suddenly it was morning and i was groggy and " out of it . " it felt like i ' t slept at all . most of the day by without incident . i to mostly study and cook at home with a friend or two . honestly i was my nightly cam session with . interesting i thought . i never used the word it before never used that in my mind . in the past he made me mildly uncomfortable but tonight i was actually afraid to see him . later during our session calmer . more subdued than usual . " that was a good feeding last night " said . i could ' sworn he his . and in the dim lighting of his room i thought i saw in that instant but i ' t be sure . " do not worry . i just need your life essence nothing more . last night you only experienced my shadow feeding . tonight . . . you ' find something more substantial in your room . flesh . " despite my being afraid i felt to follow ' s to dance around the room in a weird pattern . it to me then that i was tracing a shape with my . i did see a few later . at first he was nothing more than a monstrous shadow against the soft orange light coming from the outside . then the shadow filled out exaggeratedly pale and he much in real life . imposing . his were glowing and cat like on the me with a ravenous gaze that he ' t break . he over to me almost as lithe as the shadow he had been before . terror built inside me as i felt my blood drain slowly and with a mild tickling sensation that made me nauseous . i woke in the morning again same as usual . even more tired than the previous day . after the horrific of the previous two nights i swore to myself i ' t be with again . my head was swimming and as i onto my stomach i i probably lost a significant amount of blood because fed on me . knowing i ' t just wait for nightfall i i someone else ' s advice . a former client by the name of . i had an unusual relationship with him . he ' d look out for me sometimes he ' d look at me as carnivorously as . but he was nice this time and tried to be fairly careful . " oh i know . no one in the community him . he ' s more underhanded than me and that ' s saying something ! " said . he had green skin and extremely long which he used to pluck the little on his face as we . " he telling the people he to trace that pattern on the ground . it ' s how he can enter someone else ' s home from a thousand away " he continued . " how can i prevent him from coming into my room tonight ? " i . told me that i could trace a series of over the i made previously but told me it ' t been tested . according to him it only had a slight chance of working . a slight chance of working was better than nothing so gave me a tutorial while i we continued the video chat . except what told me to do was the worst thing i could ' done because it turned out to be a portal to ' s mansion . now i ' m stuck here and he ' s me as a blood doll . i ' m growing more tired every day and i ' m not sure how much longer i ' survive . you see i was young and my imagination was wild but what i am about to tell you still me to these days ! i went the camp was in the we went for two but hell these would turn into . it was a night for telling scary also i was the only person sitting with my back to the fence . the fence was a barber fence and the were growing on the other side we had so we took care of them . so here we had deer wolf two and few wild . so everyone was telling scary we were people around the fire all and then my turn came to tell a story and i decided to tell the story of the . i with telling the ' s story everyone the story so i don ' t think i need to write the whole story but when i was telling them about the in the story being out and in the trailer a branch snapped behind my back don ' t forget i was sitting with my back to the fence everyone up and i almost over the damn one of the pointed his flashlight to the darkness of the and we tried to see something anything . . . for we were staring . . . nothing have in mind that the flashlight was strong strong enough to see nearby . after we decided to sit back and i continued with the story keeping on and reaching the part with the screaming in terror i you not right behind my back the sound of the made my skin rise in rustle . . . rustle . . . like someone or something was taunting us the sound was like someone brushed their hand on this thick bush everyone and peter a rather tall boy " stop it it ' s not funny stop with us ! ! " he was despite being the of us the second thing that made me chilled to the bone the went crazy the deer was running in her cage the wolf which always was running in his big cage at night time was now whimpering in his den the were running further from the fence we were around . that was it all of us to freak out by this point the were more than the i at them and said " i am close to the end i ' finish the story and we ' re here . one of the into the darkness " if this is our head and head please stop . . . it ' s not funny ! ! " everyone someone coming from the we were in the were coming our way were our head man and head ? ! we were looking at the fence and back to them there ' s no way that they got so fast to the without us . they told us to cut the off and put out the fire and go back to the . as i i almost finished the story when we all smelled something like rotting disgusting and strong someone that someone threw something in the or the " were not clean but i knew damn well it was not it the damn thing or animal decided to make the most uncommon noise behind my back i over the pit and we all in one place as pointed his flashlight we all froze like an animal freeze we did . i still remember that moment in my life from the darkness of the forest reflected by the flashlight were at us a pair of yellow the height for these was not with me we were staring at each other for good when it decided to bare its teeth and screech at us we all forgetting about the damn fire as i turned around these damn were at us and shinning in the damn darkness without the flashlight we all run inside our and the head boy of ours us " what the hell is going on ? why you ' t put out the fire ? " he was angry but we ' t care we to go back there again ! when he came back after the fire out he paler than usual and said for us to go and sleep he locked the and which we never did before all of us ' t sleep hearing the coming from the that were not like any animal we knew this night nor we nor the were calm . the next morning we went to look at the place where we had our i you not the bone fire was the where i was sitting were bent together with the fence and then the most chill realization came over me there was a hole in the fence like someone tried to sneak in it was torn like it was a piece of paper to this thing needless to say i was i was shaking and my friend came and said " i don ' t think we all that ! but why did you decide to tell that story ? " i was speechless . . . as we were passing our days mostly all of us decide never to talk about it again when i was about to leave i saw our head boy near the fence into the so i went to him i out to him and he to come closer so i did he said " you know . . . that night when i came out to put out the fire i smelled something disgusting rotting . . . the moment i this noise near the fence i saw something that me to death . . . there was a silhouette of something standing in the darkness bending over the fence with two yellow glowing over the . i and ran back to the when . . . " he and was shaking when i back it was gone . i guess you ' t lie next morning i saw a hole in the fence and the were jumpy so i saw from the other side of the fence . . . but not of a boar doe elk or some other animal those were cloven like . . . ' ! " he at me with teary i felt regret telling that damned story . . . i ' t think that it will become such a terrifying reality . . . just a myth right . . . just a story . . . pass and i still can ' t bring myself go alone or going to the mountain only in big . so that ' s my story i felt like it was a long time till i made myself write this here so i hope people will learn never . . . never to mess around with him . it all with down from student to student at recess . apparently we would soon be getting a new classmate coming from a foreign country the exact country they were coming from was still unknown though just like their name or gender . we our teacher about our upcoming new classmate she confirmed the were true and told us the new student was from japan but she admitted she ' t know much else beyond their nationality aside from the fact she was set to arrive in a few days . and thus that fated of march she . the first time i saw her she was standing right beside the school ' s front door . a small crowd had around her they as she about her and the reason she had come to . " my name is it ' s a pleasure to meet you all ! " she said . everyone her . according to her she had to our town because her were to open a restaurant chain in the united and our town would be the location of their first restaurant apparently she came from a pretty wealthy family . was skinny and relatively tall she had brown almond and short brown hair she was wearing blue shorts and a pink shirt with an illustration of a cute cartoon kitten on it . and alike instant flooding with . " your is amazing for not being a native speaker ! " a boy her . " i love the kitten on your shirt it ' s so ! " a girl said the word for cute " " in an attempt to relate to her and forge a connection . " how much money do your make ? " another . did not reply to any of them she ' t know what to say she to talk to everyone but she was to . " hello i ' m maria nice to meet you ! " i her . the chitchat stopped everyone but and at me as if they did not want me to be there i was feeling pretty uncomfortable . was about to reply but another girl interrupted her " ' t have time for like you maria ! now scram ! " a girl from the crowd at me . " no . . . it ' s she can stay if she to . " but i had had enough i left and went home in silence . to be a nice person but she had surrounded herself whether she knew it or not with toxic people who only pretended to be her because she was attractive and wealthy . my towards were . . . peculiar i did not hate her she ' t me and she had even me to stay but i ' t like the people she hung out with and that made me not want to out with her . i had been living in the us since i was old but i originally lived in but my reception when i came to was very different from ' s . i ' t consider myself ugly but i ' t attractive either i came from an average suburban family i was terrible at p . e i was the only girl in my class who ' t join the club i had niche like video and horror literature . . . i was pretty good at history and i dominated classes thanks to my country of origin but no one about those . you could become a popular in my school if you were good at sports had artistic came from a wealthy family smoked to pretend to be older and cooler than you actually were . . . you know the usual . i did not have any of these i was just your typical who everyone but no one about . i was on my way to the local convenience store to buy some food for my when i saw a bunch of from school roaming around the town with . " hey maria ! " said as she waved at me . the other her to keep going and ignore me though so i silently and awkwardly waved her back and we parted ways . i could tell she to be my friend but at the same time she was herself be and by those . ' t she see her so " " were clearly toxic ? was she really that weak minded ? later that day i was by the sound of my doorbell as i was curled up in my couch reading a horror novel . i the door . . . it was . " what a surprise ! " i said . " hi maria . i ' m sorry to bother you but i just to say sorry . " she " sorry for what ? " " for not paying as much attention to you as i should . i want to be your friend maria i really do but . . . " added she pretty sincere but for some reason she ' t bring herself to finish her sentence . " but what ? " i encouraging her to keep talking . " i also want to be with the . . . " she . " those people are not your ! they only pretend to like you because they think you ' re attractive exotic and rich ! they don ' t see you as a real friend but as a mere object or prize they like to be with because it them feel important and cool ! " " but but i need them . . . " after a few of awkward silence but it ' t sound like a reply to what i had just said instead it was as if she was saying that to herself . " trust me you don ' t . anyway thanks for come all the way here to apologize . do you want to come in ? " i said . she after snapping out of her little trance and the house . it turned out and i had plenty of in common . she was also very passionate about horror and history she was really into from mythology she told me all about them and me several about she thought would interest me i her the novel i was reading in return . i had a blast that afternoon when i had first met her the day prior i thought was going to be yet another that was too cool for me and i was getting ready to live the rest of my days her just like how i the rest but she had gone out of her way to come to my house and out with me ! i felt amazing ! " it ' s getting late i have to go home ! i have to get everything ready for the party . " said " what party ? " i without a clue of what she was talking about . " i ' organized a party around at my " new restaurant tomorrow ! i ' every i met yesterday ! " " really ? awesome ! i can ' t wait to see your restaurant ! i ' never been to a restaurant you know ? " i said really excited . " i ' m . . . i ' m sorry maria but you ' re not to the party . " in a serious tone . " what ? but why ? " i in shock . i felt disappointed i thought was my friend why ' t she let me go to her party ? the only reason i could come up with was that she had been into not inviting me by the other . " don ' t get me wrong you ' re awesome maria ! you ' re a true friend . . . unlike the . " " then why can ' t i come to the party ? i don ' t understand ! " i i ' t believe the conversation we were . " don ' t worry i don ' t expect you to understand . . " she before leaving the house . the plethora of conflicting i was feeling is hard to put into it was a strange combination of disappointment betrayal and confusion . i checked social media the following day a girl that had been to ' s party posted a picture of her and other and on their way to the restaurant along with the text on our way to our first party ! see u all there ! ! another posted the location of the restaurant except . . . there was something off about it . according to the post the party took place in the of town there was no restaurant there as far as i knew but that ' t make sense the restaurant must had already been built for to host a party there . i the location on myself to make sure . . . nothing the nearest restaurant was in another town away from ours . the only building that the was an old warehouse . i was extremely confused without a clue about what was going on . why would lie about her restaurant and lure everyone to an abandoned warehouse in the middle of nowhere ? this ' t be an accident i remember how strange had when she had told me about the party the day prior it was clear she had something and i was going to get to the bottom of it . i left my house and headed to the supposed party ' s location my mobile phone as a map . after of walking through the of town i spotted a small hill in the distance with what like an old building at the top . i for a moment to check if the location was correct according to my phone this was it . i suddenly loud which to be coming from the hill . i rushed up there determined to find out what was going on . i slowly the abandoned warehouse at the top of the hill . i could hear weird coming from inside the dilapidated building . it like someone aggressively tearing apart something while some kind of animalistic . i through a window . . . i nearly out when i saw over a pile of that were laying on the floor as she tore them apart like a hungry scavenger . " h . . . ? " i whispered completely frozen in terror . immediately what she was doing with her former and eerily turned her head to look at me . her appearance had her were now vertical and thin like the belonging to and and her teeth were abnormally sharp they as if they had been specially designed for tearing apart human flesh . she stood up and slowly advancing towards me as she her locked on to me like those of a hawk her shirt soaked with the blood of her foolish . i ran away without a second thought frantically descending the hill as i with in my . i my phone but i ' t care i ' t even sure if she was chasing me or not but i kept going my vision was blurred by the wind pressing against me as my were soaked in . ' s ear piercing roar coming from the warehouse was the last i ' d ever hear from her as i rushed down the hill . the who were last seen on their way to ' s party were never found neither alive nor dead . had also in fact there to be absolutely no evidence she ever . our teacher the classroom by a boy i had never seen before . " hello everyone ! remember how i told you a would soon join us last week ? well meet hiro ! " hiro himself to the class as i at him in absolute confusion . i awoke to the sound of my phone buzzing on the bedside table . " hello ? " i said groggily . " you ' re that paranormal right ? " i had the new business made up and even sunk some money into an ad campaign . still all on to me as the " paranormal " a term originally by tabloid who made me out to be some sort of monster fighting hero . it ' t be so bad if it ' t negatively affect my livelihood . those made me a laughing stock to everywhere the local i sought to work with on occasion . " actually it ' s paranormal consultant . " " right sorry . i need your help . " she just like the rest . confused and at the end of her rope . i was the last call anyone made in like this . a desperate cry for help when all else . it ' s as if dialing the number was some admittance of insanity . or worse a confirmation that the that go bump in the night are really out there waiting in the to pounce on their next . " i ' m here to help . what can i do for you ? " she let out a long sigh before . " well you ' re not going to believe this . . . " that ' s what they all said . " i received this odd list of in the mail . i ' t pay it any mind at first thinking it was a mix up at the post office but now every time i unknowingly break a rule " " let me guess there ' s some sort of strange paranormal consequence ? " " yes exactly ! how did you know ? " like these had been up all over the country . some in hotel in or employee . they were all the same . supernatural calamity any victim who to follow the . when enough are broken it usually in the person ' s death . " not to worry . i ' dealt with this kind of thing before . i ' take your case . just text me your address and i ' be right over . " " thank you so much ! i ' t sure you would believe me . " " in my line of work it to have an open mind . " after and throwing on some clothes i got into my car and took off in the direction of her house . it was in town so the drive was a short one . upon my new client rushed out to greet me . " thank god you ' re here . i ' m at my wit ' s end . " her arms were crossed and breathing labored . she was clearly out of . " sorry where are my manners ? i ' m . " " nice to make your acquaintance . i ' m henry . " was young maybe mid to late s . dark hair freckled skin . i probably would have found her attractive if she ' t remind me of my daughter . " please come inside . " we to the front door and the house . after hanging up my hat i took a look around . it was a lovely home . quaint but spacious . " can i get you some coffee ? " " no thanks . if it ' s all the same to you i would prefer to get to work right away . do you have the list ? " she picked up a sheet of paper from the coffee table and handed it to me . there were ten in total . " how many have you broken so far ? " she embarrassed . " seven all together . " " that ' s good . it there ' s still time . " " still time for what ? " she . " time to end . " i a lighter out of my pocket and the flame beneath the page . " what are you doing ? " " not many people know this but burning a list before all the are broken summons the demon who wrote it . " she at me petrified a look of absolute fear across her face . " demon ? ! " the flame spread to the outer of the paper . " yes . these are powerful demonic . with every rule you break you ' re tempting fate inviting the demon to absorb your soul . " " my soul ? ! " the page had all but burned up now . " yes . they feed off of them . with a list like this the demon access to your soul . every misstep is another chance to feed . after all are broken your soul is theirs completely as per the unwritten of the contract . " the sheet of paper turned to ash and fell to the floor . to ask another question but i my hand up to stop her . " wait ! it ' s coming . " we watched as a cloud of smoke formed at the center of the living room . it grew until it the ceiling and then around faster with each passing second . after a minute or so it dissipated revealing the demon within . " hello henry . " it took the form of a man in turn of the century attire . gray hair . gray mustache . over and stood by his side . " i see you ' met my daughter . " i would be lying if i said i ' t at this revelation but all the of foul play were there that i should have picked up on . no car in the driveway no family on the wall and no of a struggle in the house despite broken most of the . " what is this ? " the demon . " you ' made quite the impression downstairs with your . . . heroic over the . i ' been with you . " i into my coat for a weapon but the demon for me to stop . " please henry . i have another idea in mind . why don ' t we make a deal ? " i . " a deal huh ? and what exactly did you have in mind ? " he . " give me your soul and i ' bring back your daughter . " my heart sank . was the whole reason i supernatural in the first place . she had over a decade ago in a house fire one that i discovered after of investigation was by some unknown entity . i was never the same after that . instead of grieving in the way most do i made it my life ' s work to track down her killer and everything like it . " what do you say henry ? it ' s a fair trade . " i would give anything to save even my soul but not like this . demonic always came with side effects . it was very likely that if was brought back she would succumb to an insatiable blood thirst not unlike that of themselves . i could never put her through something so terrible . " not a chance . " his contorted into a wicked grin . " i thought you might say that . that ' s why i had my daughter slip something into your pocket . " confused i into my coat and out a scrap of paper . there were three written on it . don ' t enter the house . don ' t burn the list . accept the demon ' s deal that son of a bitch . without knowing it i had broken all of the on the list giving this demon full access to my soul . all he had to do now was come and take it . " sorry henry . you ' re mine now . " their skin melted away dripping from their like revealing the red connective tissue underneath . then their turned black and wide no teeth or within . just empty of darkness . one kiss would suck the life right out of me . before i could reach into my coat again leapt across the room and pinned me to the wall forcing her mouth against my face . my soul to untether itself from me . the sensation was a strange one there was an immense feeling of pain but also heartache the of which i have only felt once before . as soul and body something to the surface . it ' t so much my life flashing before my as it was a single memory out in my mind . . . " i ' be fine dad . stop worrying . " " i know . it ' s just that " . " i ' m your little girl and it ' s your job to worry about me ? " " am i that predictable ? " she . " only when it comes to about me . " i around at the house and it me . i was happy for but i ' t believe how quickly she had grown up . " you know you can come visit some time right ? it ' s only a two hour flight . i can pay for the ticket . just say the word whenever you feel you want to " " dad i ' m still your daughter . i ' visit when i can but you have to come to with the fact that i ' m an adult with a life of my own . between work and college i can ' t always come when you call . ? " i as a tear rolled down my cheek . " so you ' re the parent now is that it ? " she . " if you don ' t leave soon you ' re going to miss your flight . " she was right . i admit i was cutting it pretty close . " i know i just . . . i ' m going to miss you that ' s all . " " i ' miss you too dad . i ' m only a phone call away . " with that i left the house and drove to the airport . little did i know then but that would be the last time i ever saw my little girl alive . i ' t thought of that day in quite some time . it was locked away deep in my heart for fear of the it would evoke in me . in this dire moment my life hanging in the balance it as a reminder . a reminder of why i did the no one else would dare do . why i fought to save and kill the that left evil in their wake . it was all for her . with what strength i had left i into my coat out a blade and it into ' s side . she backed off and fell to the floor writhing in pain . " silver ! " it ' t kill but it sure as hell them down . before the man could come to his daughter ' s aid i quickly sliced my hand open and used the blood to paint a sigil on the wall . one push at the center and the would vanish cast back into the underworld where they . it was a temporary fix but i was in no condition to fend them off . " henry ! wait ! " the man out to me my hand over the sigil ready to send him . " don ' t you want to know what to ? " he was stalling i could tell but i had the upper hand and could afford to hold off for a moment . it might have been foolish but i gave in to my curiosity and . " she when the her . her skin peeled and while she cried . " he was lying . he ' t know what . still i ' t bring myself to turn away . even a story about my daughter was better than no story at all . as morbid as it it made me feel closer to her . his a setting in which i could about saving her something i often did but to picture . it was an addiction of mine . " she was so she ' t stop speaking nonsense counting backwards from ten . i her before the fire could just to shut her up ! " my blood ran cold . that was something i taught her when she was little . " daddy ! help ! i awoke to screaming and ran to her bedroom . " sweetie what ' s wrong ? " her breathing was sporadic . something certainly had her rattled . " it ' s here ! the monster ! " it was another one of her night . ever since her mother she would get them at least twice a week . every time i would come to the and calm her down . " sweetie . it ' s just a bad dream . you ' re still sleeping . " she ' t let up . " it ' s get me ! " i took her in my arms and her . " remember what i taught you . count backwards from ten and it will all fade away . " she for a moment and then counting . " ten . . . nine . . . eight . . . seven . . . " her were becoming more even and . " six . . . five . . . four . . . three . . . " she stopped crying and her grip on my arm . " two . . . one . . . " and just like that she was awake free of the that plagued her . " alright sweetie . you ' re now . go back to sleep . " she me an innocent smile and back under the . i left the door open just a crack enough so that i could hear her and come running if she me . just like i did every time . he had to have been telling the truth . he could have never known about that otherwise . " well henry i ' m the one who her all those ago . she had a list just like yours and broke every rule . i up to collect . " my heart nearly stopped right then and there . all this time spent chasing and he was right here in the same room with me the thing responsible for taking my little girl ' s life . " come on henry . don ' t you want to avenge your daughter ? " my hand over the sigil . was still on the floor . it took everything in me not to pull away and lash out . that ' s just what he . he knew i ' t have the energy to kill him . not with my soul tattered . " she for her life you know . it was pathetic . " i was dangerously close to taking the bait . all i could see was ' s house going up in . " you were her father . why ' t you save her henry ? " i to calm down otherwise i would surely retaliate and be as good as dead . no more hunting . no more to save . no killing this demon once and for all . " some father you were . leaving your girl out in the world to die all alone . " i backwards in my head . ten . . . nine . . . eight . . . " what ' s the matter henry ? too to fight back ? " it was working . the anger and sadness were still there but his voice was fading from the foreground . seven . . . six . . . five . . . " i can only imagine what ' s happening to her soul downstairs . oh the humanity ! " the adrenaline in my was . four . . . three . . . two . . . " this is the only chance you ' ever have henry ! it ' s now or never ! " . . . one . calmer than i was before i my hand into the sigil with as much force as i could muster . " no ! " he cried out but it was no use . his and ' s in a flash of light leaving behind only an unpleasant burning odor and faint where they were on the carpet . " thank god that ' s over . " i out to the car and got into the driver ' s seat feeling a little bit better than i had just before . before driving off i took one last look at the house feeling a regret similar to when i left ago . " this ' t over . " with that i took off down the road wounded but with some clarity . i know what i have to do and no person or thing is going to stop me . that demon ' s life will be mine but with the information he gave me there ' s another matter i have to attend to first . i ' m going to save ' s soul . the is a cold and unforgiving land mostly by sprawling and rolling . nature is queen out here and she this land with a graceful iron fist . those who test her rarely live to tell their tales and i m afraid that proverb is becoming truer by the day . for the better part of the last decade i been a park ranger at tombstone territorial park . it s a massive nature reserve sprawling over square . the land a wide array of with thick rolling icy and which allow for some magnificent and unique . it s truly beautiful breath taking and i don t think i d trade it for anything else . however something truly bizarre is going on out here and i been forced to rethink everything . i never been much of a writer myself so forgive me if of this are not the most vernacularly pleasing . truth is i figured i had to write it because the media sure as hell t cover it . what s happening out here is something i believe everyone to know . it about two ago when a late night visitor caught me and a fellow ranger gunny just as we were about to head out for the evening . we use for all the out here so i just refer to them by that to protect their real . gunny and i had just locked up the main office cabin when the of a screeching engine in the distance . a second or two later and we see emerge down the trail . it was a and it was coming up fast . within he was our cabin . i almost thought the person t going to stop at all when he suddenly the and the vehicle to skid several and come to a stop underneath one of the exterior flood . his orange jacket was torn up and helmet cracked . he the engine and i saw his wide beneath his visor . he then basically off the vehicle the ground with a thud before back to his . he tore the helmet from his head just his right arm while his left freely at his side as if it was injured . the man met our confused stare with a wide eyed clearly frantic stare . in a muttering frantic tone he to convey to us what had . he said he and his buddy were on a hunting trip and they d been out there for three days . he said they were in their camp and his friend was badly injured and might already be dead . we tried him down and him what had but the man just kept shaking his head and begging us to go save his friend . we him inside and two of the other tending to his as gunny and i mounted up . we our from the lodge and got on our to go find the wounded s friend . the area the man had was a solid twenty minute ride out just outside the park s recreational in a well known area which was popular with . gunny and i took off riding feeling the cold air dig into our of exposed skin like little needles . we were never able to get a description from the man of what it was that him . i it was a bear pack of or moose which are all fairly common out here . from wildlife are relatively rare out here but they do happen . something about the event had left a deep pit of dread in my stomach though and it throughout the entire ride out to the location . several later gunny rounded a corner ahead of me and . i behind and the from my rig shown on a off to the right side of the trail . he and i and i saw the of a tent swaying gently in the breeze . debris was all over the camp and most of their gear had been or torn to . it like a combination of a tornado and had the sight . gunny and i our as we the camp . the night was eerily silent filled only by random of wind that the . after only a minute or two we found the missing man and he was not nearly as lucky as his partner . he was out in the of his tent face pale and body covered in blood . his chest had been absolutely leaving of internal scattered throughout the area . i felt bile rise in my throat as i the morbid scene and turned away to dry heave as gunny got a closer look . i seen my fair share of animal and accidental out here but i never seen something quite that extreme . something had completely the guy . suddenly i the crackling of coming from the on the other side of the trail . i my rifle and towards it shouting a command for whoever was there to show themselves . part of me a person stepping out of the but what actually was far more curious . a quadruped silhouette rose in the sporting a decent set of . it stepped out revealing itself as a point juvenile deer probably just a few old . normally deer are rather skittish but not this one . it just at me and my heart into my throat . it s were bloodied covered in of flesh and viscera and it s as obsidian devoid of tint . gunny stepped beside me both of us our at our chest . time to stand still then as the three of us that silent staring contest for several uncomfortable . then without warning it . gunny and i fired multiple times but the deer onward into gunny and knocking him back several . he fell on the ground with a groan and the deer swiveled in my direction . i fired another round which struck square in it s torso . the deer on it s for a moment as the . bullet tore through it s heart causing blood to spurt from inside and stain the snow . it in a heap a moment later . i rushed to gunny and him to his . he had been in the shoulder and was bleeding but thankfully it was mostly a glancing blow . the two of us down bewildered at the apparently bloodthirsty deer . it was the thing i d ever seen . normally the only time deer become aggressive like that is when they re cornered which this one clearly t . not only had it the poor other but it had stuck around and tried us as well . it was very unusual behavior for a deer to put it mildly . gunny then pointed out it s and the mystery grew . it s were entirely black like little of obsidian . normally deer s are pretty dark anyways with amber or dark brown . gunny the light on them and we saw no trace of that whatsoever . we thought then that maybe the deer was sick rabies or some other disease . gunny that maybe it was the start of a zombie apocalypse but i t find it as funny as he did . with that notion in mind the two of us fled because if the creature was rabid then gunny medical assistance . we sped back to camp and found s on the scene as well as a police car when we got there . the other man was unconscious and strapped onto the in the back of the ambulance . one of the s tending to gunny but luckily it t appear as though he d been too badly injured . rabies is spread normally through bodily fluid and since gunny had been struck by it s contraction of the disease unlikely . regardless gunny loaded into the ambulance as well and the team drove off soon after . i stayed behind and the sheriff shot me a peculiar glance . buddy said his friend was still out there you find em ? i and as i tried to devise a way to explain what we d seen . the sheriff s grew wide as i what we had . and you re sure it was a deer ? i both of us confused . the sheriff shot a forlorn glance into the distance and to ponder the for a moment . you ever of anything like that happening ? i and he . not unless it was cornered or rabid that is some seriously strange behavior . he met my stare once more . and you re sure the guy was dead ? i again as there was no doubt in my mind . the sheriff the situation for a moment and then . well we better go find him before the do . the trail was too narrow to drive the trucks down so we the sheriff and his three our to go have a look . gunny was away to the hospital and i stayed behind to wait for the sheriff . it was well past midnight when finally on the trail . i the cabin and met with the sheriff and his team . all of them exhausted and wore confused on their . the sheriff too perplexed . you find the camp ? i . the sheriff but his confusion t diminish . we found it but there t no body out there t no sign of that buck you two shot either . that t make any sense to me and i t know how to respond . they t breathing the sheriff and out a smoke from his pocket . he sparked it up and took a deep inhale the smoke to pour from his gullet and spiral into the breeze . probably dragged them off . i get a search team together but it have to wait til morning . he tipped his cap and he and his team departed . i left soon after but i think anyone got a good night s sleep . the next morning the sheriff kept his promise and by am he had a search team of myself and about two dozen from the town . the sheriff gave us all the on the situation and soon after we the scouring in grid formation . we did that until the sun went down and never found anything . just snowy and silent with no trace of the or the buck . some of the search team especially the guy s family out hope that he was still alive and just lost . i t have the heart to tell them the truth that he had no pulse but i found no way of explaining how the had just from their camp . there are and a few other smaller and in these but none of them typically drag their food away at least not too far . we their camp top to bottom and found a trail in the snow where the unfortunate had been dragged off . something had dragged his body through the snow for about but the trail was a dead end . it just ended with several of animal carrying on further into the but no trace of the corpse . some of the even human but we t able to confirm that . nevertheless that brought forth two very concerning . either this was foul play and someone else was out there that carried off the body or the body carried off itself . the former explanation was the main theory as the latter was obviously ridiculous . i been on of search and rescue out here and it several times a year . usually the person is found without incident but every once in a while we do find a corpse . what is really strange is when you never find anything at all . we returned to camp as the night to swallow the feeling and exhausted . the missing s family was obviously by the lack of progress as were the rest of us . the odds of anyone surviving these for over are slim especially if they re injured . the sheriff took a head count when we got back and before he even finished i we were missing someone . one of the senior who goes by eagle was not for . i tried him but got no response . myself and three other penguin and whiskey set off to locate him already the worst . eagle is an expert on these if there ever was one and he s been out here for over three . he basically wrote the handbook on search team etiquette and procedure and leaving the group alone is probably number one on the list of not to do . the were silent then much more sinister than they had when the light illuminated them . the gnarled leafless to reach out for us with skeleton . the hair stood on the back of my neck and froze every time a slight breeze rolled through . a sudden shout from behind me to turn back and gawk at an unusual sight . was on the ground rolling back and forth as something small to be him . get it off ! get it off ! penguin rushed to s aid and hold of the creature which had him . he then it away revealing it as a squirrel which quickly back into the . s coat was torn but he t hurt thankfully . penguin him up and he tried catching his breath . you steal his or something ? whiskey with a chuckle but was clearly rattled . needless to say squirrel are not exactly common here or anywhere as far as i know . the hell s on over here ? a fifth voice then from the left and out stepped eagle with a confused expression . where you been ? we were looking for you why d you break off ? i him somewhat by his neglect . sorry i thought i something he t say and just right by me to head back to camp . the other him but something made me pause . silence the type of silence only found in a cold winter s night . it s something i know quite well but that night was different and as i out into the dark murky i could sworn something was staring back . we all back at the cabin and the sheriff stood in the center to speak . he basically just everyone for coming out and that the search would resume the following day . i gave gunny a call on my ride home and he to be doing well probably from the plethora of pain that were apparent in his unusually chipper tone . i told him he we still t found either of those and that had been by a squirrel . after he finally stopped laughing about that he said something i found interesting . damn first the buck now are people ? someone must really off mother nature . thankfully his rabies test came back negative and just some time for the to heal . he and i a few and i playfully told him to rest up so he could hurry back and gather firewood for the cabin . i t sleep well that night and t manage it at all until about am . when i finally did fall sleep i t get much rest . i don t remember the but i had some very intense . i hesitate to use the word nightmare because it s kind of to me but i think that s the best word to describe it . like i said i don t remember the only me waking up with a frantic gasp and in a cold sweat . it might just been the stress of everything weighing on my subconscious but the anxiety to subside . since sleep t seem like an activity i was going to experience that night i decided to just wake up early and head in to work . i figured i could get a head start on everyone and hopefully find the missing . it t really seem likely by that point and as my beamed into the parking lot of the cabin i found i t even the first one there that day . eagle s beat up ford f sat in the lot gathering snow . i up beside it and stepped out into the frigid morning shivering as a cold gust the back of my neck . eagle t in his truck so i figured he must already be inside . i had hoped he had the courtesy of on a fresh cup of coffee but the cabin was still locked and unlit . after unlocking it i stepped inside and out for him but got no response . i then begrudgingly took on the duty of making coffee myself since without it i m about as useful as a pair of lead underwear . as it to simmer i took a more extensive look around the cabin . i thought maybe eagle had just fallen asleep in one of the but i t find him anywhere . on a hunch i checked the key cabinet and my heart sunk . one of the of was missing . after the shed i it s counterpart was also gone . i out down the trail but and saw no sign of eagle on the . i t imagine what possessed him to go out there alone and it really left me in an uncomfortable spot . all i was to sip my coffee and wait for the but i knew i had to go find him . with an sigh i washed out a thermos from the cupboard filled it to the brim with coffee and snagged another one of the . i fired the up burnt the out of my taking a sip of coffee and hit the throttle . in just a few i was on the trail out to the hunting grounds as it was the only place i could figure that eagle would gone . it s winter here now and the sun t rise until well past nine am . it was around then but the darkness still supreme with my only defense against it being the on the . several later and i was about halfway to the search area when i saw something off to the left . the missing sat alone by the edge of a small . i up alongside it and the engine . once more the deafening silence the environment . the was covered in a thin layer of snow so it must been out there a decent amount of time . for all i know eagle may never have even left the night before . i thought about calling out for him but i t . that same unspoken feeling was the environment . it felt like breaking the silence was a sin in and of itself . i be honest everything in me was screaming to turn tail and run back to the cabin but i t just abandon eagle . he could been injured and my conscience t let me leave . the snow underneath my boots sounding like shattering glass in contrast to the still night . i made it to the edge of the and tried inside but the canopy of to relent their . something then snapped in the a twig or branch . it was a significant distance away but might as well have been a gunshot with how distinct it was . it s well known that and are the only clumsy enough to snap . i around once again considering calling out but t . another snap this time to the left in the ahead of me . i tried that it had just been snow falling off a branch but it t quell my much . suddenly there was a raspy wail a sound which sent down my spine . it out again and again with a few second in between . after probably the fifth or sixth one i it as a fox . damn make some creepy ass especially at night . sure enough a lone red fox out of the some thirty behind me . it s locked right on me and the two of us just at one another for a moment . suddenly it it s head and again this time in a completely different tone . it was the sound almost like an odd raspy snarl . the fox then back into the and silence returned . it t seem that significant but suddenly a feeling struck me one which i doubt i ever find the exact to convey . a series of powerful almost painful forth all over my skin . the on my neck stood erect and i felt my soar in my chest . there was a weird scent in the air like copper and mildew and it was terrifying . it was like some primal sense within me had and set off alarm on every fear reaction my body had . i turned back down the trail ahead of me . the moon had split the somber above and beamed an effervescent light down upon the glistening alabaster field . at the other end of the field was a blockade of and within them something back at me . it was bipedal mostly by shadow . tall and gaunt slender and menacing . it s hard for me to describe it beyond that and believe me i tried . the thing almost human and it was a fair distance away so i t make out it s full but it s impact was immediate . the way my own body like i was biologically to fear it is a feeling i just can t get over . whatever it was that thing was not human . we just at each other for a while until slowly it s left arm . it s finger uncurled in a pointing motion towards me . i to back away towards my and the fox behind me once more . i fired up the as the of and overhead . more from the deer and . of forest all converging on me . i t stick around to see what they intended to do and full the all the way back to the cabin as the forest came alive behind me . the sheriff and two of his were there when i . they turned as i came speeding back into the lot killing the engine and quickly unmounting . the three of them eyed me in confusion as i tried to catch my breath . the there s something out there . i to the sheriff and his confusion to increase . slow down son what are you talking about ? through a stream of barely coherent gibberish i finally to spit out the most important detail of what i was trying to convey . eagle s gone the sheriff s and as if on cue a familiar yowl pierced the night . i turned back and saw the same or at least a similar looking fox staring at me from the trail . it s were like two out and the within them so dark it s as if they were from the abyss itself . i stepped back but the t seem to sense my apprehension . the sheriff just eyed the fox warily and it returned the gesture back at him . more then and one by one . in they formed into a chorus . a myriad of woodland to emerge from the thicket with of pure obsidian and malice . the sheriff took a step back and his pistol from the holster . the other did the same as the blockade of stalked closer and closer . suddenly there was a loud grunt and an enormous shadow came charging through the . it s into the ground kicking dirt and snow aside while gaining speed as it s formidable like a ram . it was a bull moose and before we could even retreat it was on top of us . the sheriff his pistol and fired several but it barely the enraged creature . a mm against a full sized moose is little more effective than spitting at it and in the beast into the sheriff him several back . he into the snow hard groaning from the impact as the beast scraped it s hoof along the ground snorting . the other fired on it and although the t enough to kill it they did succeed in causing it to retreat for a moment . i to the sheriff and he in protest as i tried helping him to his . i got him back inside his and he handed me the . as i rounded the front of the vehicle i saw a shadow leap onto one of the . he as a tomcat dug it s and into the nape of his neck . the other officer ran to his aid but he was set upon by a horde of small . swept down at their while and at their . i was about to leave the truck and try to help when a badger onto the hood of the truck . it s voracious and slashing at the windshield trying to reach me . all around us as countless other . there was only one thing i could do then . i hit the gas and the truck into action of snow out behind us . i saw tumble from the hull as we away the of the other like in the night . the badger too finally tumbled from the hood as i skidded to the right . go back ! i m not leaving them ! the sheriff though in his broken state i knew he could do nothing to help . i was on or turning back to help so nature stepped in and made the decision for me . out of the corner of my eye i saw a familiar silhouette emerge . the moose full force into the passenger side of the vehicle . the window and frame crumpled on impact . the force was so immense that i felt the truck rock on it s and before i could react it over and on it s side . my head hard against the window and my vision grew fuzzy . in my momentary delirium i saw the light beginning to grow on the horizon . the miasma of into my brain as i the other men scream in pain and desperation . a familiar snort then struck and i saw the bull moose stomp out in front of the broken . i felt it s gaze bare down upon me and it s enormous rack poised to tear me to . all of the sudden there came this odd whistling noise . it was like the sound of a harrowing winter breeze through a clarinet strange piercing and otherworldly . the moose then it s head as if by the sound . it shot me one final disdainful glance and then away . i the of the other as well and the pain stricken of the other . i to my side and saw the sheriff suspended in the seat above me . luckily one of us had to wear their . he was barely conscious and bleeding . i to orient myself towards the windshield and after a series of i finally to kick it out . i from the wreckage of the on wobbly still dazed and in disbelief of what i had just . one of the was standing by the other clasping his chest with his right arm . his left arm had been torn clean off and his face was scraped and to hell . i with him and found that as bad as his condition was he was the lucky one . his fellow officer was laying a few away his chest labored . his face like it had just been into a blender and his torso t fare much better . there was nothing we could do for him and less than a minute later he stopped breathing . the wounded cop then for backup as i to rouse the unconscious sheriff . a few later and a cavalcade of and citizen rolled up on the grisly scene . they got the sheriff and the injured cop into an ambulance while the remainder of the crew stay behind to try and make sense of the madness . that was almost a week ago now and have shown little improvement . the sheriff and his fellow officer are still in the hospital with a combination of multiple broken internal bleeding and other . they never found eagle nor the other which this whole fiasco . a day or two after the incident and tombstone park was shut down until further notice . it s not been officially posted or anywhere else but if you go there they refuse you access . who they are exactly i m not sure but they taken full control of the matter now . two days after the assault i was at home when i got a knock on my door . two men and a woman all dressed in identical black me and if i d be willing to answer some . they to identify who they worked for which made me turn them down initially . they swore i was not in any legal trouble and provided a document of that fact . they then with me and said people are in danger and they could really use my help . so i agreed and told them essentially everything i written here today . i them what was going on and who they were but they the with some of their own . they t say a lot as i retold my tale and left soon after as quickly as they had . these last few days and multiple of the town have to hearing of gunfire late at night . before long in the town with armored trucks and even an tank . clearly they t taking any with whatever is out there . i to run in to one of the for this mysterious enclave that our town the other night . he was hesitant to say anything but after i bought him a few his tongue up . i assumed they were government but he that instead that they were a private security detail known as misnomer . essentially but with some truly impressive equipment at their disposal . i him what the hell was going on out there and he admitted were not exactly under control . apparently three had that day and the only to be growing . he said that had since in elk polar and . he said one guy even to have seen a tiger out there but no one could confirm that . he also said that some of the they were like nothing anyone s ever seen like thing s that t yet known to science . he said that some large hairy bipedal creature had the skull of one of his guy s the previous night . they t get a good look at it but it was clearly much and faster than them . he also said that something had taken down one of their and no one had any idea what it was . i him what the hell they were dealing with but he t seem to have an answer . he said as far as they could tell the local wildlife had become infected with some disease possibly a strain of rabies or . he said the t act aggressive in the day and to behave quite normally but at night all hell broke loose . he too had seen their obsidian and said they were all like that now . i don t think he s right about that i don t think this is a disease at all . if it were then surely gunny and the other wounded would contracted it as well . maybe the disease dormant in a host for a while or maybe it t yet made the leap to being capable of but i have another reason for thinking that whatever this is it t the result of some contagion . the way the t like they were sick it was like they were determined and vengeful . the way that bull moose to respond to that strange whistling sound and with the . it s like their being by something like in some forlorn army . their are and ruthlessly efficient and it me to believe that something is them to be that way . there s a group of first people known as the . they have settled these for countless long before canada ever a country . they have a legend about something known as the tai roughly as the one who ' . i have a few and they told me that this thing is a malicious spirit . no one where it comes from what it or how to stop it . they say that several hundred ago it entire near the region corrupting to follow it s will . they say it could easily the entire continent if it to but it eventually just stopped and faded away and into folklore . they still refuse to speak it s name fearful of catching it s attention . the more they told me about it the more i was of that thing i saw in the . that to be it . every time i think of it that familiar sense of intense dread becomes palpable in my gut . i just can t ignore the feeling it gave me . i don t know if i believe in the superstitious . i don t know if that thing really is the tai or not . for all i know it could be an alien or spaghetti monster that s causing all of this . i suppose it t really matter what i think because something out there one of our and a good friend . eagle deserved better than what he got all the did . as of now the situation apparently down in the last few days . the haven t another attack and that could mean one of two . either this thing finally been or it s for a large scale attack . pray for us and hope that the second theory is wrong . my best friend hung himself last week . i got to know mark through high school football . he was one of two people in our year to have the potential to go pro . in the last quarter of the he tackled a little too hard and tore the in his knee . in one decision of of practice down the drain . pro career . hello alcoholism . we d met at the usual pub where he than usual . it took more than a few to get him talking . what s up with you did the lose again ? jump on the patriot with the rest of us he into his beer for a long time then i could have for them you know ? not this again . and i become the president . come on it s been . no i mean i saw me as a jet . what i d look like as a player don t you know there s nothing more boring than talking about ? mark a finger . there ' s no greater sorrow then to recall our times of joy in wretchedness . damn that s deep . you think you re ? the only thing is me being here drinking with your ugly ass mark into his pocket and slid a photo across the bar . it was him in a uniform . him but smiling like i haven t seen him in . looking more closely i could see the muscle from training every day and the lack of wear and tear from two of drinking . look my knee s fine in this see ? no scar mark up his shorts to show the mass of scar tissue that was his knee . where did you get this mark ? ? i got it from the house of mirror in that that s come into town . listen he was there as well . you need to check it out . he me to bring you . we were shut up . i down my beer on the table come on the crash t your fault . everyone it . i d say i m not the only one who needs to get over i back my chair and to walk out i t mean it like that man i just the fact that anger me to not hear the last of my best friend is something i regret for the rest of my life . the least i can do is follow his last request to me . that s why i m standing outside this hall of . a looking teen in clown is manning the booth . are you ready to have fun he in a monotone . i haven t had fun in he up . you re going to have to see my manager i m lead into a dirty dimly lit room . a man is sitting in the corner . i you re not looking for fun but the past ? i m really not looking for anywhere but my friend me to come . well truth and lie together past this door but are you man enough to confront it ? people yearn for what they fear for . cut the theatrical . i a twenty at him and stepped through the door . i i only to give him a tenner and stepped back through but all i saw was my note lying in front of a mirror . weird i t think he had time to leave . i guess a free tour for me . the first room had a collection of the normal . just me into a variety of amusing and sizes . the second room was where to get weird . there was a reflection of two people both with my face . the body of the woman had a mole on her left leg . exactly like the one my had had . what ' s this i to myself and turned to face the door . there was only a mirror . the reflection of me then gave me the finger . i guess the only way out was forward . mark got out so there had to be an exist i reassured myself . the third room me what i would look like if i was morbidly obese . the reflection had to be at least a thousand . my right hand was feeding my normal mouth while my left was food into a mouth in my stomach . at first i t tell what it was eating little bug like scuttling around until i it was of little me s all in my high school football uniform trying to dodge the ravenous . some of them to notice me and soundlessly for help . i rushed to the next door when the big on me . the fourth room a wizened reflection . i was alone with an ancient body in a golden chair . surrounding me were dollar and . i even made out the deed to my house . i to finish this mess so i was walking toward the fairly quickly when i felt a tug on watch . i down to see impossibly long it . i t realize how long the reflection was . or that it was able to touch me . i my arm down hard cracking the but they would not let go . i the twenty from onto the floor and the toward that . i took that time to dive through the next door . i was ready to dart through the next door adrenaline rushing . however this room had three . the one of the left was me in a car with my face like some sort of up the tank engine . the middle me comforting at the church during my twin funeral . the last the crash the car version of me a wreck to be put out of it s misery . these were in a loop . i watched them for a while before proceeding . the sixth room had me in a courtroom . in real life they me but instead of the sympathetic i remember they were all staring at me as if to say fraud fraud it should have been you . as i stepped into the seventh room the mirror was covered by a cloth . i it had to be below thirty . i the voice well i guess you made it where the hell are you . you better let me out of this place . and turn that damn air con down i m here . i hope you been fun but it s time to let me out of here . the voice to come from the mirror . i the cloth and saw me . but not a horribly twisted version like before . a better version . a bit taller like i d my ma s advice and eaten my . a instead of my . colour in my like i d had the to ask out first . no limp like i d right instead of left . this could have been you you know ? if you d just made better . and it still can be . reach into the mirror . we re look close enough no one would tell . you just suddenly be a bit better . i be able to get still you know ? and you can just watch the show from the mirror . i forward then threw my watch at the mirror . it into a million each reflection of me why . i it to mark . opening the door behind it i saw very much sunlight . here s your commemorative photograph . i hope you had fun the teen said from his phone . he handed me a picture of the better me . mark had seen and to everything he could have been . he d had the chance to be by a better version of himself . watch someone make all the right . play in the . to what his life was now he must have not reaching into the mirror . always looking at that photo until he tied a noose that night . i the photograph and into the trash . i see enough of a better me when i go to visit . after all i for a reason . i don t have to tell you how i was when i saw it . like . i t believe it was real at first i thought maybe i was but soon after i that i was dealing with a creature that s out of this world . it t every day that you meet with demented or from hell or whatever other evil . i just found it on my couch one morning after i woke up . it was the and thing i ever laid on . when it saw me too it howling raging like crazy probably demanding food . the game was on and it was watching it like it was the biggest football fan in the world . then it dragging its ass on the carpet circling around me . the creature t attack me or anything he harmless but still horrible to look at . it and running through the living room until it went headfirst into the furniture where it instantly out . i honestly thought it was bite or kill me when it d wake up and my heart was racing inside my chest drumming so hard like tommy lee was a solo in a motley live concert . i saw a letter on the carpet and i where or whom it was from of course that s when the . let me just write it here verbatim and then i can go on with it . it was written in red ink the were different and i was pretty sure it had to be supernatural or the of that . luckily i took a photo before reading it all you see why it was a good idea . dear hello there . sorry to send fluffy out of the blue but i am really busy at the moment and i need you to take care of him for a few days . these are troubling times down here i had a few who went overboard with drinking and gambling and they haven t been doing their duty properly . i won t get into detail about how here work as you re not eligible for a place yet . you re very close though ! i don t even want to start telling you what a crazy party we had on . we had stripping demon hookers we smoked drank whisky that was one thousand old right down here with our special recipe . good times ! i left one bottle in the for you as well . just be careful with drinking too much or you go insane . it your throat like really bad and if you do you be able to breathe . no not really . ! i like the you know what i m saying ? seriously though don t drink too much in a single day . if you have just a single on the you should be fine . if you actually do get drunk on it and see the dancing just ignore them they re not real . or are they ? . anyways the reason i sent fluffy over is that i have some business to attend here on earth and i can t leave him alone down there . the last time i did it he ate my after he forgot to feed him on time . i can t carry him with me either because well i got important stuff to do that require my utmost attention . so i have chosen you to watch for my dear old ! t he great ? did he get to run headfirst into the furniture by now ? he does that when he s in a new environment . speaking of you have to feed time every at sharp . not a minute not a minute later . i can t even highlight the importance of that ! even if he is a demon he still eats the usual raw stuff raw hearts raw raw . you know everything meaty basically . also aside from that he milk daily just a little it t matter when you give it to him he will not refuse it . just make sure it s not too much otherwise he start barking and howling like crazy and your will hear him and you don t want that to happen . no . he does like from time to time but i recommend giving those only on mornings and only in moderation like two or three of them because he a tendency of getting bloated and he start all over your house . and you do not want that to happen because his are very acidic and will punch in the floor . you have a floor . get it ? i bounce . i come to get fluffy later this month . do not get physically or verbally violent with him . ! yours truly sa an p . s . if you re lucky and he you he try and communicate with you . so if you ask him a yes or no question he reply with one bark i personally call them for yes two for no . try it if you get the chance . p . s . s . if i see that you took good care of him i make sure you get a big fat reward . if no then right after i finished reading it the all by themselves into the face of a devil who and at me right before vanishing . what the right ? if you re like me then you re wondering what the hell was going on . i just experienced two supernatural in less than five and i t even think that there was a word in the dictionary to describe how i was . the tag on his collar was in the shape of a pink heart with the name fluffy written on it so i knew he t lie in the letter but fluffy ? there was a huge discrepancy between the name and the actual way the creature like . anyway let me tell you a bit about fluffy . god i can t even say his name without my heart starting to rise up in my throat when i think i had to the devil s pet . the small creature was approximately three tall it had purple fur all over its body and two crimson one longer than the other . its were a bright hue of glowing pink and it had three and four arms . the arms had little on them probably so that it could grab its food better . i still t believe it but i was sure it was real . i had to do what he said in the letter and i had to take care of it . i found myself in a situation in which i never thought i d be . i decided to call it a him just like satan wrote in his letter maybe that d have . fluffy was waking up and i him . he was a bit i could sense it and when i tried to pet him on the head he at me and that s when i his dark orange tail that ended in an arrow head tip . classic demon stuff right ? i let out a ! and i saw his pink and the tail both lit up in . the light was flickering while he on me and my . the tail was colored a bright flamy orange that to contrast the dark hue pretty damn well . i how should i d call him here fluffy here here little demon atta monster ? ? ? fluffy want some milk ? i . he his tail and ran towards my leg . fortunately the fire was gone and nothing burned . does satan you milk in hell ? i again and i him bark . it t your traditional dog bark more like a thousand that in one . you know like could you imagine a creature of hell doing one ? yeah that s exactly how it . i took a bowl and put some milk in it and he drinking with his three and coming out from his back . that probably meant he it i thought . i felt physically sick when i the sound of them erecting from under the flesh and i shivering with a fear that i d never thought to experience ever in my life . i made his sleeping spot in the kitchen and i tried to make it as comfortable and cozy as possible . after all i t exactly know how to take care of a demon pet except for the i was given . of course i had to call in sick at work that morning because you know you don t get the chance every day to satan s pet . time on and nothing significant on that . oh luckily i i had to get his food for the next day . there was a butcher s shop nearby so it was a quick errand to run . i left him sleeping and i wished that nothing bad would happen . i mean satan would have him trained by now right ? i bought like twenty of chicken hearts beef and pork and i put them in the freezer to make his lunch the next day . then i my neighbor blasting that stupid black metal and screaming over the original song like a lunatic . hey ! mind turning that down i m trying to rest ? ! i angrily . up yours ya pussy this is real music not that pop you listen to ! his wife . hey ! you both you demented ! i m going to call the if you don t turn that down you hear me ? ! i said blood starting to boil inside my . five later the music stopped . and what a lovely couple . i saw fluffy standing behind me growling . sorry little guy . i t have . it s that they piss me off sometimes with that stupid musical vomit i told him but he t stop growling . i past him but he was still standing there motionless just growling in their direction . i assured him it s alright and told him to come with me so i can give him some milk . he happily obliged . night came and i took fluffy to bed . even though he to listen to every word i said there was still some sort of darkness in the way he at me . they say that the are to the soul so maybe that s exactly what he was doing . trying to read my soul and see if i was fit to take care of him or not . listen here fluffy . your owner gave me strict and told me to be really careful about taking care of you ? so please don t start throwing in the middle of the night or become too curious about the neighborhood ? i told him that maybe he could understand . still i was trembling with fear . then i what satan said at the end of the letter . one bark for yes two for no . do you understand ? i him again and i him bark once . we were starting to get along pretty good and i went to bed for the night . out . someone on the front door . i got out of bed to see who could been at that late hour in the night . half asleep i the door to see enraged with madness drunk as a skunk and high as a kite holding a knife in his hand . you my woman you piece of ! no one to her like that he said his shaking . listen man . i m sorry alright ? i t have said those i told him in the conflict peacefully . of course that t the case you can t reason with . his right fist connected with my face and i was sent on the floor start filling my vision . my upper lip split and i felt blood entering my mouth the salty and coppery taste was something i haven t felt since i was in a school fight as a . i tried to punch back but i t match his enormous size and strength . he put the knife to my throat and me if i die . i as starting to form in my . he was pressing the tip of the blade against my neck i thought that the end would soon follow and i d die at the of a drunken crack addict . he pocketed the knife and spat at my face telling me that if i ever even look at them i d be dead . he ended by saying that if i d call the he kill me . even if he were to be he d hire a guy to kill me . or worse just cripple me . make it look like an accident . i in the corner where the kitchen was and saw standing there just watching . i shook my head at him not make a move . then i myself with fear the warm liquid staining my pajama pants . me one more time in the and i blood on the floor . you re disgusting you stupid he said right before leaving the door on his way out . i t want to call the straight away because fear all my other and the guy was crazy . i mean he could come back any second and i never a person as erratic as him . besides i had to deal with more important than my split lip and pants . i raised myself my lip and went to take a shower . i was in and out of sleep for a few when suddenly i awake when i the front door shut . someone was trying to rob me . i had to deal with a demon a murderous neighbor and now a burglar . or maybe it was who his mind and to finish me off for good . ! i thought . i t have anything to defend myself with so i just took a pencil from my desk so i could stab the in the eye if push came to shove . i checked the living room nothing . i around nothing . i went to the kitchen and turned on the . fluffy was standing there with a human arm in his mouth while his were dripping blood . i s on it before i and fell down on the floor . fluffy was different . he was bigger in size and now there were all over him and they with blood too . he his tail and the arm at my barking at me to take it . then he it again with his towards me . oh no fluffy what the hell did you do ? ! i . big mistake because his and tail lit up again . sorry for yelling ! t mean to it s just i m and you t have done that ! i said . then i saw s head watching me from the corner of the room his lifeless dull frozen with fear . i and fell on the floor again . then from across the street i out a huge scream one that woke up the whole neighborhood . i understood why fluffy did it he to protect me from the bad neighbor but he left me with a bad situation on my so i had to think fast . fluffy is the rest of the body here in my house ? i . he twice . did you leave it in their house ? i said while pointed to and s house . woof . well at least we got that figured out . i was afraid he would eaten of him and get me in double trouble . he t to eat anything except on remember ? i told him to stay put . i got some trash for s head and arm and then stuffed them inside the freezer with the rest of his food . figured i don t know maybe he d eat them in a few . i then the floor clean with bleach and made sure there t any more blood in the house . fluffy went to sleep like nothing . what a . then i the police and as i watched through the window i saw them pull up in front of my house . i t even notice it was morning . i just stood on the side of my bed petrified all of going through my head jail for the rest of my life death row like that . in the morning . time so fast while i stood there like a statue still and unable to move . frozen with fear . i a knock on the front door . two police came to ask me . they to see if i know anything about s killing . as soon as i talking fluffy barking . hey fluffy keep it down please ! i m trying to talk with these about the tragic accident that last night ! do you understand ? he once . i m trying to save both our here i thought . his wife told us that you got in a fight yesterday . turner . she said that you were pretty aggressive towards them . mind telling us why ? one of them . i at suck and over standing on my porch and wished that fluffy would come and rip their off . i t aggressive . it s just sometimes they took that black metal music too seriously and forget that other people are living in the neighborhood it was very loud and i was trying to get some rest i told them whimpering . more and when i checked the clock it said . if that s all i said trying to make them leave so i can feed the dog . got somewhere to be sport ? agent suck me patronizingly . i shook my head and said that i just to feed my dog he s very hungry . come on leave the man be . we be in touch . turner . thank you for your agent said . his name was . i felt like i was in some sort of bad cosmic joke . what to your lip ? officer suck or me . you got your ass handed to you or something ? i said that my dog accidentally me while i was training him it was no big deal . then they both said and i was getting really nervous and because i t want to miss fluffy s . . i ran to the and i took the frozen meat and quickly them in the microwave hit defrost for three and a half and fed fluffy . the came out again from his spine and i them if he the food and he once and kept eating . then i another knock . it was officer again this time alone . his voice tone was a little bit . i know you him . i know you have his head and arm in the he said . no no no no ! this t happening . he pointed his gun at me on the ground with your behind your back ! you re under arrest ! he said while i his . i was basically . i d go to prison first then satan would come after me for not taking care of his pet . then officer laughing . oh man ! you should see the look on your face right now ! get the hell up man ! i was just messing with you ! i told you i like to bring the ! he said crying with laughter . where s my fluffy ? then the little creature came running from the kitchen and on officer i mean officer satan . i mean ugh . thank you for taking care of me for him . my business here finished than and i am truly grateful for your absolute dedication towards the little here satan said . mind if i take all the from your ? the you know . i . . i told you that you get a reward for being nice to my t i ? he me . i and he told me that my mortgage been off in its entirety . i be seeing you around boy . i like you you could work for me . think about it will you ? he said . come on fluffy . to the ! he finished . they hoped on in the car and driving into the distance . well my piece of neighbor . that meant no black metal music unless decided to go solo on the . maybe i get fluffy again and teach her a lesson too if i get the chance . at least i m debt free so i got that going for me which is nice . might as well pour myself a glass of satan s whisky now . this thing been following me and every encounter to be getting closer to my last . it when i was in college when my roommate and i a small business together with one of our . on this one business we out we had our primary facility around an hour from campus . we had to go there and work on usually twice or more a week . the first encounter on a colder winter night and a random weekday as well to add to the situation . i had an am class the next day and it was already around . we were leaving our facility and were headed back to our . my roommate was driving and the road was dark the only light being what came from the car ' s . it was a clear night a welcome surprise as we usually experienced bad lake effect snow in the area . we were driving along the road talking about something when my to water out of nowhere . i it must be the when something suddenly across the road from right to left and to jump from the edge of the road to the field where it into the darkness . my roommate immediately said " did you just see that ? " with a level of unease i " yeah it was probably just a deer . i ' t see it more than a second " . it ' s true i ' t see it for more than a second . but nothing i saw like a deer . the best way to describe what i saw was to imagine a human skin and with no hair . somewhere between four and a half to five tall on all four . it ' t quite do it justice but it ' s the best i can do . after i it off my roommate quickly " no dude that ' t a deer . it like a person . that was freaky as sh t " . we were both out and i woke up our friend in the to tell him he thought we were messing with him and still ' t believe us . i ' t believe it either in all fairness . the next day my roommate and i briefly it while getting ready for breakfast . simply we acknowledged that we were tired and probably ' t seeing clearly . god i want that to be true . a few went by without incident and one night my roommate and i decided to go out to get a few grocery . we took my car as he always drove and were headed back to our at this point . we were on a highway another familiar route to us so nothing was out of the ordinary . it was somewhere around nine or ten and we had music while we were talking about something . all of a sudden my to water profusely again and i quickly told my roommate . " dude my are watering again for f sake " by this point my roommate that my water whenever i ' m out or i guess unnerved . not sure how to put it but whenever he and i would talk about freaky like this one satanist that out to him from tinder my would water . i ' t cry or sob or have any emotional response my just decided they extra lubrication just because . anyway we were traveling on this part of the highway where the road had on both sides . the right side went into the forest the left into the other lane . similar to last time i saw this thing dart from left to right and disappear after going under the guardrail on the right side of the road . my roommate caught a glimpse of it going under the guardrail . my roommate to say " was that " but i cut him off " yes . i saw it too . probably was a fox we ' re not going to freak ourselves out over it this time " . by the time we our parking lot we completely ourselves out over it . we ' t really get out of the car and when we did we did so hurriedly getting inside as fast as possible without looking like complete . this was the last time he and i both saw it . we ' each had several personal alone but i can ' t validate his and he can ' t with mine . i am sure i saw it a few different times . but there was one encounter that i had with it that me . my are watering telling you this now . it was that summer following those past and i was driving home from the gym on my motorcycle . as it being summer may indicate i was back home with my while college was out . my live in a very rural area we have virtually no and practically own our mountain weird flex i know . i heading up the hill and once i got near the top my watering like i was at a funeral for my . i was away to see properly when suddenly this thing in my view on the right side of the road . it was a few from me at most and i had to swerve heavily to not hit it as it across the road . it did not necessarily " go after " me but it was incredible to close comfort . but this ' t the problem . my concern was where it was headed . i watched this thing disappear again into the wooded area to my left where usually this being where i sigh in relief and go about my evening a little jittery . not this time . no that thing was cutting me off on our " u " shaped driveway and was b lining for my house through the wooded area i have to drive around . by this point i was shaking so much you could see my headlight of my motorcycle shaking . outside our house is a large circle driveway which i drove around my headlight to search the . i my bike and although i usually left my helmet and jacket in the trunk of my car i brought it all inside in a hurry . from the i a large rustling sound rapidly approaching it was coming for me . i made it to the fence and a few on the far end of the fence snap . it was close . i at least of the on each stride on getting into the house as fast i could . i the door behind me locking the door and staring at the window . slowly i backed away but i nothing . the sound was gone as if nothing was ever there in the first place . fast forward to the present i have a small office setup to work remotely from home during the pandemic . most days i am alone entirely at least i think i am . and most days everything is fine . recently however have been happening that i can ' t explain . and being in the snow where the snow to have melted darting across the and in the outside my office window . i feel like i ' m losing my mind at this point . usually i reach out to my roommate and talk to him he what i mean . he ' s seen it too after all . but that ' s the thing he ' t . he never been a very active user on his social but complete silence this long is abnormal . i ' m going to head over there one of these and see what is going on . at the least i would appreciate seeing a friendly face for a change . my felt crusted heavy like i ' d been lying with them closed for days . it took everything within me to creak them open like it was a task i was never meant to accomplish again . the world in front of me was like a distant mirage blurred into a funnel with a clear circle at the very end . somewhere down there i could see my at the end of the hospital bed . there was a floral patterned wallpaper a few beyond them on the far side of the room . i lay flat on my back arms at my sides with seemingly no control over any part of my body . no lift in the no curl of the around the nothing . my mouth hung open like a flap . i took in a breath that like someone starved and tortured somewhere way out in the abyss . that realization was the first rational thought to trigger inside my brain . i was on the brink of death . i could feel the quit in my body which out of place and contorted all over . my had gone limp and felt like useless of meat . my felt like they had upon themselves . my head ' t hurt but i could feel an elongated crack separating my skull into two that went from my temple all the way to the nape of my neck . i ' t the idea how i ' d gotten there . i ' t even remember who i was . the one silver lining was that i ' t feel any pain . my body must have been a pool of . nevertheless something was wrong with me and without question beyond the point of return . i lay there in the hospital room knowing full well i was alone and soon would die in that bed . i was at peace with that reality . go t seem all that bad . somewhere to my left the steady of the were the only thing i could hear inside the room . it stayed that way for what felt like . my spatial awareness and consciousness of the situation slowly faded with time . at some point the door open . a slender figure strode into the room the hard of their clapped against the floor . they crossed the clear path at the center of the blur with so swift i could barely distinguish them . the room suddenly felt so warm . i them drag a chair from somewhere to my right and pull it next to my bed . they spun it around and hopped over the back to take a seat beside me with the nimbleness of a child . they back and forth the old wood groaning beneath them until they forward and whispered in my ear . " . " his voice was raspy like that of a man who was terminally ill and ' t spoken in . a raw nerve had been struck . a wave of realization came over me and my perception of the hospital room to clear a tiny bit . that was my name . i it now clear as day . not necessarily the person i was or the life i lived but that was what people used to call me . the man put his hand on my head and felt along my hairline until he the crack running along the left side . " quite the trauma " he said . " it ' s amazing you ' made it this far i would say . most would have perished ago such . " i to ask who he was and why he was there better yet who i was and why was i there ? but my ' t move . they were just as as every other part of me . " you ' re to die in this bed . . i know that you ' accepted this fact already . a shame to me . unjust at the very least . you were the one who was hit after all . why should it be that you are the one who here alone in your final while the two in the car who hit you lay down the hall in stable condition with only minor ? their room was filled with and family until visiting ended . not a single soul stopped by to see you . " a car had hit me ? had i been in an accident ? i certainly ' t recall the memory . yet when he said it it to tickle an itch deep inside me that agreed with him and understood that was the reason for the position i was in . the man back in his chair and crossed one leg over the other . he kept his voice barely loud enough for me to hear . " tell me . . are you somehow lesser than them for being the ultimate victim of the collision ? is your life worth less because you were alone and will certainly die while this mother and daughter will get to continue their as if nothing ? what about your wife and daughter ? life ' t so simple after all . there is collateral damage to consider when such a tragedy . is it fair that the you love will have to carry on without their husband and their father ? " wife and daughter . those felt like a lightning bolt that through my useless body . i did have a wife and daughter i was sure of it . they gave me a purpose they ward off that dull feeling of inevitable death even if it was only for a matter of . if only i could have their or . perhaps this man knew the . why else would he have come to sit by my side ? maybe he would tell me if i could find the strength to speak and ask him . " would you like to know how it to talk again . ? " he d the question for me and without hesitation . two bony against my and there . when they the area around my mouth all over . it felt like and needles for twenty after sitting on one of your . it felt like the nerve were on fire and coming back to life . i could move the in my jaw i could form the . " is my family ? " " rest assured . your family is in good health . " " why ' t they here ? " " it ' s the middle of the night . visiting are long over . . . particularly for a man in such a condition as yourself . " " were they here ? " " i ' m afraid not my friend . " a violent rage inside of me . it made me feel more awake more in tune with the space around me . i could see the checker pattern on my blanket . the white square on the floor . out of the corner of my eye i could see the frail mass of an old man . he wore a black suit and hat . he so far back in his chair i ' t believe he had not fallen . " why ' t they come ? " i was so by this fact i could hardly say it aloud . " i know this will trouble you deeply but the news never them . very limited effort was on your behalf . so i will pose the question again . is it just that you lay here dying and alone while the responsible are in stable condition and by the they love ? the answer obvious to me . " " who are you ? " " i ' m the one who can give you a second chance at life . i ' m the one who can grant you the power to walk out of this hospital unscathed and in the morning . that way you can go home to see your wife and child . " there was so much information to comprehend . i ' t sure of anything and what i could or could not believe . there was only one fact that i knew deep down for sure and it me to my core so deeply that it ' t matter who this man was or what he knew about me . i my wife and daughter with all my being . i would do anything for them . " if i were to allow you to move your arm would that serve enough proof to establish your faith in me . ? would you be willing to shake my hand in agreement to my very harsh but very fair proposition ? " my right arm up just the way my did before i was able to speak . it all over so much that it hurt and suddenly i found myself the in recoil praying that it would stop . he ' d done it . he ' d made me able to speak able to move my arm and feel anything but the numbness of death hanging over me . the man had the power to help me . i had no other choice but to believe him aside from simply laying there to die . " what do you want from me ? " " it ' s quite simple . everything must return to equilibrium . in order for one wrong to be another right must be wronged . of course it ' s always a matter of perspective . not everyone making is lying and waiting to die in a hospital bed . " " just tell me . and promise that you will let me see my family . " " very well . . and trust that you do have my word for my end of the bargain and you will see the first of proof the moment you agree to the . i will be blunt in what i need from you . in order to save your own life you must take the of the two who would have ended yours if it ' t for my intervention . upon shaking my hand i will give you ten of perfect physical form to go down the hall and do what needs to be done . i will assist you as but the deed must be by you and only you . both of them must die there ' s no going halfway . " " you want me to murder them ? ! " i meant to yell it but i ' m sure that my voice was nothing more than a faint squeal . " i insist that you do . if not then so be it . i will leave you be to return to your state of comfortably your inevitable death . " suddenly my body to get again . like he had picked me up before and was now gently me back down to fade out into the world of blur again . i to feel careless . that same apathy towards my own life to return . there was just that one nagging feeling in the fog that ' t let it comfortably set back in . my family . . . i ' t for the life of me remember them but somehow i knew i them with everything i had . i to return to them . everything else was secondary . even the of those who would have me . " do i have your word ? " i said knowing i would likely not find the strength to speak again without his help . " you have my word . " i my right hand up into the blur . i felt his bony and weak grip as i shook his . suddenly the whole world exploded into focus in front of me . the silhouette of the man was there for only an instant and i could have sworn i saw his skin all peeled and blistered red before he had from the room . i sat upright . sweat over my brow and i took in deep like i to calm myself after waking from a nightmare . the of the beside me accelerated and then slowly returned to its normal pace . had it been a dream ? no . . . surely it ' t have been . the were too real too close to home . not even my subconscious could play such a trick in the middle of the night . my body with vitality . like i was a little again bustling with life and ready to jump all over the room . i hopped up and made my way to the door the and still connected to the next to my bed . right as i for the handle i something next to the long rectangular window . a of a young girl had been stapled into the wood . she was maybe three old and dressed in faded overalls that were at the . she in a sandbox surrounded by sprawling of freshly cut grass . i ' t for the life of me recall her name or my exact association to her . yet i was sure i knew her somehow . i could tell from the warm and nervous feeling that her image in my stomach . i the picture off the door and had been into the wood underneath . they were remarkably neat and uniform like someone had a stencil on hand . go to room . ten . right as i finished reading all the inside my room and in the hall outside went out . the of the behind me stopped and ' t start again . i suddenly found myself alone in the dark and silence . i stepped into the hall . the sterile were cold on my naked . it was so hard to see with all the out . i had to squint at the outside of my door to see i was in room . the were eerily empty . even in the middle of the night i thought i would hear people all over with a power outage in the hospital . then again how could a power outage happen in a place where people ' s are on the line and dependent on electrically powered equipment ? there were two more to my right before the hall crossed another which ran perpendicular . i gingerly against the wall as i them . they were and respectively . i stopped before i the corner of the other hall . somewhere down to the right two people in . they both very concerned and with each other over what had and what it was exactly they were going to do . one was a man who almost guilty and was feeling responsible for the power outage the other was a woman who on the verge of and ' t understand why the emergency alarm ' t working . i around the corner . there was an empty stretcher resting against the wall to me . farther down i saw the two of those . their arms waved wildly and against each other while they tried to decide what course of action to take . i my head back and took a long breath . what exactly was it that i intended to do ? casually stroll by them in my patient gown and then head into room ? like an odd thing to do even though they had big on their already . and what exactly was i prepared to do if i was ever able to get inside ? that led me to the bigger question which it all . what exactly was it that i had agreed to ? was i seriously willing to follow through with the murder of whoever was in that room ? i had no idea who they were or what exactly they had even done . all i had was the information the man in the black suit had given me . the from around the corner to get . their off the floor in the vast darkness of the and towards me . whatever i was going to do i had to do it quickly . i at the metal of the stretcher and felt to the bottom until i found the . i my foot against the wall and my full weight forward pushing the stretcher as hard as i could into the darkness way down the other direction of the other hallway . it into something and of metal all over the floor . the two people and after it it was some patient who ' d out of their room . they down in that direction not even me knelt down around the corner . i stood up and made my way to where they had just been . they had been standing in front of room . i the door open and slipped inside careful it ' t make a sound when i closed it behind me . there was a little more light in that room than there had been in the hall . faint orange from the below shot up and illuminated the room just enough for me to see the two side by side . one bigger body in the one to me . a smaller one lay next to the window . i stood frozen in place . the voice of reason had piped up inside my head again . it me of the gravity of the situation and the fact that what i was doing was so terribly wrong no matter how right it might have felt from my personal perspective . i tried to shut it out as best i could . i tried to make myself as i forced each individual step towards the mother ' s bed . she lay on her side her below her and her curled up into a fetal position . her face so swollen and but aside from that her body ' t appear overly . she was hooked up to an that had been of power . the long attached to her arms ran over the side of her body . she must have been in the midst of a deep slumber . there ' s no other way that she ' t have while i slowly the pillow out from under her head . it ' t until i was very slowly lowering it over her face that she her mouth to scream . she was too late . i had brought it down over her and the sound was muffled into nothing but a little whimper that i wonder even travelled to the bed next to hers . she clawed at the mattress and at me . one scrape she to connect with my inner elbow and broke the skin . i but kept pressing down with all my weight until the thrashing ended and the bed stopped . the deathly silence returned inside the room . i for what felt like with the pillow down after she ' d gone limp . my arms were the against the skin on my arms . it was like i had to convince myself that i ' d really gone through with it . i ' t remember who i was but whatever person i had been must have been capable of killing when his or his family ' s were on the line . i ' t bear to look at the dead woman ' s face . i the pillow and immediately headed towards the other bed i could finish the deed that i still ' t believe i was in the process of carrying out . the little girl lay face up and flat on her back with her over her stomach . it was like the commotion had been just barely enough to bring her out of but not so far that she was awake . her light hair was spread out on either side of the pillow and over the sides of the bed . i went to bring the pillow down and suddenly found my arms so weak and apprehensive . like no matter how much my brain tried to force the issue and get the whole thing over with the signal ' t connect . i at the girl on the bed and was by how much she me of the blonde girl in the . they ' t the same but there were for certain in both and age . there was a tingle of recognition both their . . . but again where exactly it had come from was lost on me . i knew both these there was no it . but the girl in the photo i knew her more i about her way more . it ' t matter if i ' t pinpoint who she was i would do anything for that little girl . i towards the window thinking perhaps if i ' t look at the girl while i her it would somehow make it easier . something odd had formed on the outside surface . it was fogged on just one spot a circular blotch maybe two in diameter . there were finger in the center making remarkably legible and neat . it similar to the writing on the door of my room . how odd it was for them to be written from the outside despite the fact we were six off the ground . two left . the girl hardly while slowly i cut her off from the outside world . there was no fight in her . she much more peacefully than her mother . i was able to lift the pillow after a couple no worse for wear than i ' d been before i . i felt somewhat like a zombie as i back to my own room . i felt a new kind of numb so much different than how i feeling when i was willing to accept my own death . the numbness that came with taking the of someone else was so much different . like nothing could eclipse the pain and disgust i felt towards myself . there ' s nothing worse i could possibly do to anyone that i ' t already done . nothing to me from that point on . that is . . . except for my wife and daughter . around the time i lay back down in my hospital bed all the turned back on . i ' t be the weakness which had filled my body before the man in black had me had returned again . i could hardly keep my open once my head hit the pillow . to be continued part " i ' m " the voice from behind said . i turned around and saw the man in cowboy boots . he was older than i from my vantage point in the abandoned store . i honestly ' t know what to say at first . he had been trying to get to convince patty to sell the store and he was giving the miracle even though supposedly ' t been able to deliver them at all . " in case you ' re wondering i ' m ' s son . that ' s my stake in this . i know you work for the store too . seen you many times leaving at night " said out a smoke and lighting it with a golden lighter . " why are you giving the miracle to ? i thought was with the supply chain " i . smoke out his and i got the sense he ' t around . he at me . " i have for this store . big . if i can get the store sold to me and and i can use the miracle to create a new line of product . . . except ' s dragging his . i keep dropping off the and he ' s supposed to change the design to suit our brand . there ' s a whole process so to speak and i ' m not quite sure what ' s going on . if you help me out with this i ' pay you for your time " he . " why should i help you ? i don ' t want this store falling into the wrong . " put the cigarette to his . " better mine than no one ' s " he said . " sure you could tell patty what ' s going on but that ' t change anything . my dad ' t believe i ' m stealing the from him . plus he ' s been with the whole setup for looking for a reason to back out . this would give him one not like it would matter anyway at this point . what does it matter ? i have the miracle the supply chain . all i ' m is for you to help me out once . that ' s it . patty . . . no one to know . not even . " as i was rifling through the previously locked storage room later gave me the key not sure how he got it aside from stealing it from i to rationalize what i was doing . i figured if i could get close to maybe i could find a way to unravel all of this . the room was filled with the except they had been re and . with demon on them instead of . i really the design for some reason and kept examining the shoe for little . after a while i knew i ' t be in the damn storage room . i had work to do . i hurried back out into the chilly night quickly gazing at sky which had settled on the dilapidated back parking lot like a shroud . it was positively eerie and every couple of what i was doing kept flooding back into my mind . i was patty . except i ' t really . i had agreed to help out once . the store ' t be sold to him tomorrow or the next day . i ' d only be taking a shoe to get " " by the evil old woman taking refuge in the abandoned store next door . though she still ' t seem to me to be entirely human . not with those . inside i still ' t see much . but i shifting in the the of a shelf which had fallen off one of the . the sense of fear to grow again and i the scraping sound low constant almost teasing . the woman with the hair came out of the darkness and this time i was able to see her digging into the tile floor leaving on it . she me for a long time hateful yellow gleaming and partially illuminating the area around her like a . i just stood there arms and shaking from fright . her pointed jagged teeth bit an already bloody lower lip . she forward raised one clawed slightly deformed hand and i back screaming . holding the in my the box itself trembling i tried extending it . almost like an offering . the woman ' s fiendish and she ran forward like a dog . the box was practically torn from my and she it fiercely for several . " . . . yes thought he could take my magic and enchant the but i have my own . " the woman barely acknowledged my presence instead backing away into the darkness and which eerily throughout the mostly empty space . she returned later the box to me but as i tried taking it from her both clawed the box firmly as if to challenge me taking it . eventually i tore the box from her determined grip . when i it the sparkling red color instantly out at me and the which had painted on shone like obsidian . i picked them up almost . " whoa " i said turning them this way and that but immediately came back to myself when i her harsh almost warning glare from the corner of my . all of a sudden i was afraid of the woman again . " put them on " she said . " they will serve you well . " as i did so she again . i instantly felt a surge of confidence and adrenaline . in other i felt great . at home i was so wired i ' t even sleep . even with the off i could still feel a weird vibration in my head like caffeine cranked up to the . so i lay awake listening to the of of the twisted woman from the abandoned store muttering to herself and the light scraping of . " yes . . . you ' get what you have coming to you . that and more " i her say from the other side of the closet door . the sound of her laughing must ' my brain because i involuntarily fell asleep at some point . later i woke up in sweat to the soft sound of the scraping of . it like it was coming from right next to my bed . my last post flew somewhat under the radar so i thought i would share with you another story . i should note while i am posting these in order they t happen one after another most of these have a few in between them but no one to hear about my smaller . between abigail and it was two . work had been plodding along . i was able to get through about five a month which was pretty good going . our work had a weird system that we to discharge people as quickly as possible so we could offer our a partial refund if they chose to discharge themselves and leave positive feedback for their therapist . meaning we got through much than any other job i had about i should also note we got a nice bonus if we this on our too anyway this is when i meant . i went through the normal . how have you been sleeping ? do you find this your mood ? on a scale of to how badly do you feel this is affecting your life ? that sort of thing then i him to describe his . he told me he only had one dream . one dream that i was familiar with already . he wakes up in a forest with than life . then he down a long dirt path . eventually it to an opening and in the center of this opening is a hole in the ground . at this point i raised my hand . does this hole have red coming out of it ? i . y yes how did you know that ! ? he nervously . you re my second client with such i cut myself off we ' t meant to reveal other especially i imagine any who had away in our care . anyway then you climb down it ? i ask trying to change the subject . heavens no ! he offended . i would never desecrate holy ground like that ! he stood from his chair . i was taken aback . after a few of silence i slowly took a note down . please sit down i meant no offense . i tried to reassure the man . they told me to give you something . i and him up and down . the reception staff ? i him . no . he and handed me a note that was with mud . i down at the note for a moment my heart to beat out of my chest . all logic me it was impossible he ' t be to the same hole right ? he s clearly a sick man just read the note . i thought to myself . i unfold it and read the few that were on the page . i forgive you . what is this ? my breathing irregular as i tried to hide my anxiety . it t your fault he gently and stood again . what the hell are you talking about ? my professionalism broke . i leave you a good review and discharge myself he picked up his coat my and heading to the door . before opening it he spoke again we see you soon . i don t discharge you ! i as he the door . i rush forward to our reception desk . get security i believe that man to harm himself or and needs detainment i hiss . i m not of how i but if you were in the room i would put money on of you the same way . course i get right on it doctor . the receptionist a single button and within two large men came out of the staff room and the man to the floor just outside our building . this should have been a red flag too it was fairly normal practice here for this to happen but with more experience . . . or less desperation maybe i would have seen this as the abuse it was . the man was dragged back into our building screaming and struggling as he was restrained . what did he do ? a voice from behind me made me jump . it was doctor who basically ran the facility when our was gone he had also me with my while i was treating abigail . he gave me this . i the note into his chest without thinking . he took it in his hand and read it before . he also told me he would be seeing me soon and was going to discharge himself i took this as a threat i added i had to convince to keep here . quite right i won t have my skilled staff we find a place to house him while we call the police he up and to the two men restraining him . take him downstairs added . no one went downstairs . only our top were permitted to go down there and any staff other than those with blue id s who went down there were quickly fired and often . i had never seen a client taken down there i had assumed at the time it was just an executive staff room with some we t legally to see . i was so wrong . did you touch him ? back at me . no sir i and . i learned my lesson last time . very good take the day off and tomorrow me and you will go downstairs and interview . . he me on the back and turned to leave . i was being permitted to go down ? it felt like an honor at the time something to be of . i was actually . . . excited . i knew i was going to have a hard time sleeping i was excited and anxious about a session with my boss no doubt he to review how i was doing . i did my normal tactic i stayed up until about am exhausting myself so i would more easily fall asleep . it worked like a charm . am my alarm goes off . a stench had my room it smelt like the worst rotten food you could imagine it made me gag as i sat up from my bed . i ran to my kitchen to check my t disconnected . i it up and was met with a rush of cold . i around and the smell slowly faded or i just got used to it . maybe a rat or something had under my house and i was just ? still it could wait until morning . i back into bed and closed my before snapping awake again . why did my alarm go off ? i whispered to myself it up and when i had set it for . am . just like normal it must have out . i turned it away from me and rolled over to try to sleep one more . i t sleep something was wrong . sitting up again the smell hit me once more more sickly and thick than before . i got out of bed again and turned my bedside light on under my bed . nothing there . i t have a bedside lamp ? the light snapped off as panic set in . it was a dream it had to be a nightmare . relax . i dug my teeth into the side of my cheek . a rush of pain . i was definitely awake . i at the taste of blood . the smell was starting to make me feel faint . i ran to my window and snapped open the . flesh . no . no dogs in the garden next door . no moon . just purple flesh against my glass . i took a step back and on to the floor as the glass slowly to crack . my around the room rushing to the door . locked . when ? how ? i was just in the kitchen ! ? panic in as i drop to my and watch the glass shatter onto the floor . please . . . don t ? dread filled my voice . just leave me alone what was i saying ? i just want to wake up ! i stop it stop it stop it ! the flesh to crawl towards me along the floor snapping the wood and flooding the room with rotting and putrid . give me sanctuary please ! i and threw my head to the floor . the flesh . i up as my vision blurred with . why is this happening to me ? i whisper as i feel a warmth at my back . what to me next i don t wish to go into . i will just say i have felt the pain of flesh being torn from bone and what it to have your spinal cord removed from your body . i felt everything . my body did nothing to numb the pain . my mind to shut down and die . i felt it all . then i woke up . just like before . this time a note was in my hand my back softly . my head . it was am . i read the note . you . i checked my back in the mirror no this time just a dull ache . the from the last dream had still yet to fully heal so i was grateful that i t have more to rub cream on it . a small win but i was taking them where i could with these . . . at least i had assumed they were at the time . i went to work that morning tired and in pain . i to the front desk and . hey doll . her name was actually but she her name so she that people call her doll . hey you ! she and towards me . you t last night she but i a hint of sadness in her voice . yeah sorry i have an important meeting today and i to rest up for it . i lied i just t deal with her chatting all night again . it like it worked she sarcastically jabbed as she pointed at the large under my . what meeting do you have ? nothing on the ? she trying to find an issue in my lie . doctor me to talk to downstairs . i rubbed my and . she and rolled her if you t want to out you could have said i manage everyone ' s you know ? she at her computer screen . no really i do he must have just forgotten to book it in . he s not even in today . she snapped and was at like pm last night after the police him . no that can t be right . he said to me yesterday i was i about to read about s death too ? i must have made a mistake on the day i m sorry doll i be on tonight i promise . i gave her a weak smile with no reaction . you re o clock will be here soon you should go set up . she t . i went into my room and to unpack guilt washing over me i t lied about the meeting but still . . . i t enjoy hurting doll ' s . more importantly why did lie to me why would he give me that promise he t need to . i would have just accepted being away from me . then there were these damn . was it all linked ? what was downstairs ? i m ashamed to say that after that day i forgot to even pursue these . so that s s tale . as of posting this i haven t anything about him so i hope he just went about his life or got better professional help than me . if anything to him i be sure to update you with another post . but until then i need to sleep i have another client who personally me tomorrow . three of them in fact . they are getting more frequent by the day . next i tell you about my most shameful career moment something i will never forgive myself for . . until then take care sleep well . dream of nothing . let me tell you a story my name is . . . well you don ' t need to know that but you can call me a if that easier . i ' m writing here in that my story even if only for a small minute is known by . like i said you can call me a and i ' m a little different . there are no for what i am in fact i ' m one of a kind . every time i die i am reborn as myself . it ' s a little weird when you think about it but let me explain . let ' s say when you are born your life is a line people walk this line until they die at which point their line . well my line is more like a circle . when i die i just go back to when i was born i have all the knowledge i in my previous life and all my muscle memory stays with me . now that i ' my " condition " to the best i can you may be wondering why i ' m writing this and here of all well let me explain that to you . first let ' s start on my first " life " back then life was simple i had no idea this would happen . i lived my life to the best i could i was a professional musician and i also made like and . i had a wife and three and when i was on my deathbed i spent my time looking back on my life and not a single thing . i my will and put time into being with my family . when i i remember seeing something this was the only time i ever saw it though . it was a bright grassy field and on it i saw two people that ' s all i remember though . after i saw that i was reborn . it was weird being a with the knowledge of a hundred year old man but i lived my life as normal as i could . this time around i took my time looking at everything around me confused as to why i was there again . shortly after graduating high school i a scholar similar phenomena like what i was going through . i never found anything though and it was a boring life . eventually and i did everything i ever to do . in one life i was a scientist and led the field to new and in another i was a game developer making the most immersive out there of course each profession i had i spent multiple on refining my skill to the utmost peak . but i ' m not here to talk about my previous i ' done that before . i ' m here to talk about something happening right now even as i ' m writing this . i ' m in my rd life and are getting weird . it ' s not that getting or i ' m up my nothing as mundane as that . a few hundred ago i saw something up until then i spent each life all the and i could but i never saw this . it was on my th life right the life with the mark of the beast was the life to go downhill . i ' m sure you want me to get to the point so i will do exactly that . once again it in my th life . i saw something that ' t belong there . out of all my this is the most terrifying thing that . i was just about to go to sleep and i saw it . it was a tall " person " standing on my balcony . i ' t make out much due to the darkness but i could see it was wearing a and trench coat it was shrouded in darkness than the night around us . but what really stood out was its or lack thereof . what was supposed to be where his were there were empty with a red glow to them . i had to rub my to make sure i ' t seeing and when i them it was still there . it knew i saw it and it felt like forever before anything . but when something did happen i would soon come to wish that it had not . right under its glowing a small crack formed the crack slowly grew until it both sides of what i can only guess is its face . and almost instantly the crack burst revealing multiple of insanely yellow shark like teeth forming a smile . even then i saw it a black mist it and it . that was the first time it . i never saw it again in that life and i was happy about that . i in that life just like usual forty days after my one hundred and first birthday . and just like normal i was reborn . just like usual i spent my life refining my and making the most of life enjoying the finer until i saw it again . it was like last time it stood there staring at me before cracking . it ' s one of a kind smile and disappearing but this time was a little different it was a little closer and i something . these were small it was only a foot or so closer to me around away from me as for the humming it was both a deep tone and a high noise somehow mixed into one . after that i ' t see it again and i eventually . a few more pass by and each life i saw him exactly once precisely at am . that is until i saw him again on my deathbed . each time i saw it it got closer but only by a foot i was fine with this it even somewhat of a milestone i used to mark my life like a birthday or anniversary i even the creature henry . but the time i saw " henry " on my deathbed was different . this time the event was on my th life and i saw " henry " twice once on time and again on my deathbed before i . at first i was but then i to laugh . i found it funny that the creature would visit me on my deathbed . but the second i saw his " " i stopped everything every feeling every thought every function i had was frozen . i was locked in a death like state staring at this creature . if i could feel fear in that moment i surely would have from it but instead of feeling fear i felt nothing . this is how i spent the last few of that life but before i it spoke . i had never it spoken before and i could never have what would happen . " s . . . o . . . o . . . n " it said this word slowly and deeply with an earthquake like rumble in its voice and when i was reborn i simply ' t handle anything . all my had come rushing back and all the fear i would have felt hit me all at once . i lived that new life more than ever and i was relieved when i ' t see henry at all in that life . in fact i ' t see henry until this life right now . i saw henry when i was born and every year it was there like clockwork . and now i ' m around forty old and i hear him . " come out . . . come out . . wherever you are . . . " this time the rumble in its voice was earth shattering nothing could stop the from getting through . i ' locked all my and all my but it ' t stop " i . . . found you . . . " " i . . . will . . . kill you . . . " " we . . . will . . . kill you " i fear it what i ' m doing and is trying to stop me but i have to get this out there . if you read this and you are like me please hide . . . even if you ' re not like me it ' s only a matter of time before they come for this place . i can hear it getting closer and i need to wrap this up . if you ever see henry or something like it run and don ' t look back . take no one with you and tell no one where you ' re going just run i was really looking forward to visiting the hill station in . my arjun and i had been this trip for quite some time . we had all about the dow hill forest and to see it for ourselves . being the city we were we made fun of the local and associated with that place and assumed that it was probably harmless . just a spooky looking forest that had a bad reputation due to the overactive imagination of human . the myth that me the most was about the apparition of a headless child in dow hill forest . the local legend was that when walking along the path in the you would sense a presence right behind you . but you t turn around . because if you do you would see the headless child . and once you had seen him your fate would be sealed . if you t die of fright right there the headless child would follow you for the rest of your life . it would either drive you insane or would compel you to kill yourself . the story goes that the boy was taken from his home and . his head was chopped off . since then he the forest and himself to anyone who him . this is what a fellow patron told us at the hotel where we were . he was probably over seventy and had been born and raised in . he was visiting his home town and when he our conversation about wanting to go to dow hill forest he politely if he could tell us a few about it . i suppose he was trying to dissuade us from going but his friendly warning only fed our curiosity and made us even more determined to go to dow hill forest and walk down that path . at night of course . we the kind old man for all the and decided to head into town . we a few local tourist but the thought of going into the forest is what made us salivate . i think we saw it a challenge . to be able to go to the dow hill forest walk the forbidden path and prove that the local were balderdash . that night after we had had dinner we decided to head into the forest . we were walking along the path that cut through the middle of the forest and led to a road on the other side . just a few hundred from there was a bus station . we would be there in time to catch the bus back to town . the night t especially dark . the full moon illuminated our path and we could see our surroundings quite clearly . we did carry but they were unnecessary . the four of us together telling laughing at each other s . as we and into the forest we to hear strange . they to be coming form a distance and we had to strain our to hear them but they were there . i mean we all them . surely four people could not have the same hallucination . it like someone in despair and agony . this was by the sound of laughter . the natural flow of our conversation was gone . and it we just out of necessity to prevent silence from us . i m sure that each of us had begun to feel that the about the may not be so baseless after all . arjun tried to lighten the mood . he to share with us an anecdote him and a one night stand . he was facing us and walking backwards . was just telling him to be careful when he over a rock and fell . he had his ankle badly . we all cursed under our . but was prepared as always . she out a pain relief spray and a length of bandage from her back pack . that the rest of us had forgotten to pack . she arjun s ankle and wrapped it up . was bent down watching attend to our friend and made a few light hearted joke at arjun s expense . as they were i felt like something or someone was right behind me . i turned around and there he was ! the headless child . he was there for a fraction of a second before disappearing . he t evaporate or anything the way do in bad horror . he was there one instant and was gone the next . i let out a gasp . me what was wrong . i silent and kept on staring at the place where i had seen the apparition . he again . this time and arjun too were on their . arjun with a little help from . i decided not to say anything . because i honestly t know if i had actually seen the headless child or if my mind was on me . i had been thinking about what the old man had told us all day . maybe this was something my subconscious mind had just up . especially since i was already a bit nervous what with all the distorted we kept hearing . i told my it was nothing . we slowly made our way to the narrow stretch of road on the other side of the forest . we the bus station caught a bus and by midnight we were back at the hotel . now that were back in familiar surroundings the trepidation we had felt in the forest silly . we about it and ourselves on the back for dow hill forest . i decided to put any of the headless child out of my mind as we went to bed . i was in my hotel room in the middle of my nightly skin care routine when i felt like i the pitter patter of little . the sound to be coming from the bathroom . my heart racing i rushed to the bathroom and turned on the light . there was nothing there . it must have been some in the adjacent room is what i told myself . i went to bed and tried to force myself to sleep telling myself again and again that there was nothing in dow hill and that what i had seen was a figment of my own imagination . we stayed in for another two days and the whole time i kept hearing . if it t the sound of little running around in my room it was the sound of a child s laughter right next to my ear in the lobby . the looming sense of dread i felt all too real when we were about to check out and i offhandedly the front desk manager if there was a child in the room next to mine and he told me that room had been vacant for several days . i told myself once again that i was just the about the forest get to me . after we landed in new i went to my house to pick up my dog nova and then went back home with her . i had my good girl . once i was in my own home i was sure i would stop weird . but that was not to be . what had me to new wasted little time in making it s presence known . that night as i dinner nova sat in the hallway with her chew toy and watching me work . as i to music and chopped i felt what i thought was nova pawing at my calve . but then i up and saw her still sitting just outside the kitchen . i back in shock and fear . i would have this too as a product of my imagination had i not the same pitter patter of tiny in the hallway and nova barking her head off in the sound s direction . the strange soon a part of my life . one evening i was in my study trying to get some work done when my pen inexplicably fell off the desk . when i down to pick it up i the sound of tiny bare running out of the study by a child s giggle . as if a toddler had just a prank . nova once again to bark like crazy . i petted her more for my own comfort than for hers . she into my as if to tell me that something was very very wrong . as the days went by the activity only . i was of being alone in my own house . i made sure nova was by my side at all times . in the shower i could see through the steam the silhouette of a small child right outside . and of course nova s growling would confirm that something really was there . when i went to sleep at night i could sense someone standing right next to my bed . i have a few who have . they often told me how they been when they woke up in the middle of the night to find their silently standing next to them . now i could relate . except unlike them the next to my bed was missing his head . when i did my laundry got some office work done i could see something just at the edge of my field of vision . that i knew i t touched nova t reach would be . sometimes when i got ready for work in the morning i could see little hand on the mirror . at first i tried to ignore it and t show any kind of reaction when it or something . i thought if it t get some kind of reaction out of me it would lose interest and might go away . i was wrong . the spirit was in no mood to be . one evening i was in my study and the thing was running around as it usually did . i a thug as if someone had into my reading chair . i t even look up . the child t like that . in the next second i saw the antique clock i kept on the fireplace mantle levitate then come flying at me as if someone had thrown it . i out of the way just in time and the clock into the wall behind me . not only did the spirit refuse to be it had shown me that it could cause harm if it t get it s way . it was like a child throwing a tantrum at being a toy . only this was even more terrifying . i could hardly get any sleep as on most nights i would be lying awake in bed . i was constantly paranoid and looking over my . as a result of this stress my performance at work to suffer . my social life too had taken a beating as i t exactly the most fun person to be around . i considered moving but i knew that the headless child would only follow me . i t want to tell anyone for fear of being thought of as insane . one evening my best friend came over . she said she had that ever since we got back from our trip to i t acting like myself . that i constantly . she me to tell her what was wrong . i felt a huge weight being from my chest as i told her everything . patiently and told me that she me . she said that that night in the dow hill forest she too had felt a presence behind us but she t look . an aunt who herself a medium . she to have had with and them move on . when i had first about this i it off . i these ridiculous and that s aunt see a psychologist . but now when that we ask her for help i agreed . and i spoke on the phone and she agreed to come to my place and see what she could do . the following around the house examining every nook and corner . she deep in contemplation . finally after about she told me there definitely was a presence in the house that of a little boy but she sensed no malice from it . only sadness . i let out a harsh chuckle and told her about the incident with the clock . i her why someone who had no malice in them would do such a thing . that grief can often give way to anger . the spirit was probably in great pain . she repeated that she sensed no malice . she also said that she t just make move on without finding out what they want . i her and she left . i t know about the spirit but now i felt anger rising in me . this child had made my life hell and he s the one who was in pain ? i was a prisoner in my own home while he had free reign ! what more could he possibly want ? it was now after dark and i decided to do some reading . i sat in my reading chair and tried to focus on the book . and that s when i saw it . a tiny headless form in the corner of my eye . i think my annoyance my fear and i instantly turned my head and at it . standing just a few from me was a toddler in a pair of brown pants and a white shirt and with no head . i just in awe and terror . then i something . his . they were so tiny and so delicate . his size and the way he when he that he was no more than three old . how did a child so young lose his head ? who would have the heart to do such a thing ? as these crept into my mind i to feel sympathy . i out a hand towards the little boy even as my body shook with nervous energy . the child towards me and touched my hand with his . and as he did i was in a bright white light . i my to find myself back in . i was sitting on the grass next to a huge house . i down at my . only they were not my . they were the of a toddler . i saw my hand or should i say the hand reach out for a stuffed bunny and play with it . from the house a woman . she had a bright warm smile . her clothes were very old fashioned . she picked me up and my . she me her little bear and if i was fun . i a small child say yes mamma . then i another voice a man s voice from the house . he was the woman to come look at something . mamma put me down and went back in . i saw myself continue to play look at the hear the . i felt safe and happy . then suddenly a pair of strong me by my arms . i was being carried off in a hurry with a hand place over my mouth to keep me from making a sound . i felt the stuffed bunny slip out of my . i was inside a sack and i t see what was going on . i felt myself being around harshly and angry talk in a language that i did not understand . i felt pour out of my . finally i was taken out of the sack and saw myself surrounded by and a bunch of scary looking people . i this was the dow hill forest . i was right next to the path that my and i had . the men amongst themselves but when one of them me whimper he me so hard i fell down . they continued to speak in the same angry awful tone . they would often look at me or point towards me and i knew that i was the subject of discussion . i then saw one of them pick up a large knife like a machete . he it high above his head and then brought it down on me . i was once again in a white light and his time when i my i was back in my study . the child was gone . i felt shake my body . this is what had to that poor child . some dastardly sub took him from his home and him . but why ? was he for ransom and when the t pay ? or were the men some kind of sick retribution ? whatever the case may have been this child was brutally and was now unable to move on . nova had me sobbing and came close to me . i her as i cried . i the woman who him little bear . she must have been his mother . i could feel the innocent tender this child felt for her even as he me what had to him . i that i t dealing with a demon but with a lonely little boy . one who had been snatched away from loving care and then of life . i decided i would not try to rid this house of him . if he to stay he could . i tried to do some research onto his murder but i haven t found much . it that his were never brought to justice . i t able to get used to the child s presence in my home immediately . that took a while . but slowly i accepted him as a part of my life . i even brought some home . soft dogs and just like the one he had . i kept his in a small spare bedroom i had . soon after the child s very mellow . i can still hear his little running around but it no longer menacing . just the sound of a toddler . and his usually remain confined to and around the room where i kept his . even nova to be getting along with our little guest . sometimes i can see her her tail at empty space or lying on her back with a doggy smile on her face and pawing at something and i know that he s there . i guess he with my dog too . i m optimistic that a home a place where he no longer to wander where he t feared or will help him heal . and then maybe someday he be able to move on . but until then i share my home with a little boy with no head . when the at our zoo of grass in their the people lost their . you t think it would be a big deal . one some grass stuck in there and suddenly all the other start her . monkey see monkey do . the were overwhelming though . surrounding the enclosure was one big mob of flashing loud hippy s and laughing . i had to sneak the in through the back of the enclosure where they silently excitedly the weird phenomenon . their calling it a fashion of their own . i said to before taking a drag off my post work smoke . . he . they do realize the get dirt and on them all the time don t they ? i bet old there was probably just too lazy to take the damn leaf out . it pretty silly . . . . still . . . every single doing it . ah it s just how the work . there smart don t get me wrong but you remember that time with a rock like it was a phone ? they just copy what they see . i taking a longer drag . what do you think those would say if the sticking the grass out their ? on his smoke . i bet those damn would probably lose their ! he . i my butt in the bin . ready to make my way home for the night . hey ! out . you still busy tonight ? we got another trivia night going on at church . figure that d be right up your alley . i him an awkward smile . oh i can t tonight i got a ah . . . a thing ? he interrupted giving me a reassuring yet disappointed grin . i my head in an awkward nod . yeah . . . look it fun . i drop by for it some other time i promise . tonight just t good for me though i got i got eh ! don t worry about it ! he reassuringly . you know i know you t the religious type or nothing and really that s fine ! where all nice open minded . . . well . . . we have a few old but they won t give you anything . i notice you get a bit whenever i bring up something going on at the church though . just there s nothing you need to worry about you know . i could feel the blood trying to rush to my . no no it s not like that . look . i said turning to make my way to my car . i come next time for sure . i promise ! . alright you have a now ! he said . there was an unusual loud ruckus at the enclosure that day way than normal . forcing my way through the flock of people i came to the edge only to be . now a few of the chimpanzee s had taken to sporting two of grass one in each ear . they to have formed their own little group around the center of their habitat . the still only wearing the one blade gave them passing from outside their group but otherwise went about their day a fashion of their own . . . maybe i was giving the far too little credit . . . pretty sense of fashion if you ask me though . oh honey that dress is absolutely peachy on you ! old maria said with a wide smile that me of my old creepy aunt . i returned the smile and her trying not to offend her with my unease . gave me a smile and . it had been twelve since i d set foot inside a church . the people here are all friendly . the the of . when me they me in the eye but never for too long . the people are wonderful really it s the familiar statue of that unsettled me . looking up at that familiar anguished face i can almost hear the old choir just beneath pastor s voice as he out the next question . i remember the our old organ made . i remember the i used to sing along . for the first time the people were quiet today . the had begun to get board of late as people always do . i thought maybe today was finally the day the day i could go back to my slow of dumping food in the morning and taking a nap behind the panda enclosure in the afternoon . they were all there though . as thick a crowd as ever but today they were all silent . and s from the habit as i my way through the crowd . on top the large banana tree was old . she beat her chest beat the bark of the tree . it would be pretty typical if it t for the who d chosen to gather around her with no other intention then to watch . a few of them . they about the fresh grass in their and looking hopefully up to the people in anticipation of some throwing them a candy bar . s . she to the in her circle to the who were not . she to the people watching silently . then she violently slapping the bark of the old banana tree by her lifting her arms high to the sky up she from the top of her . the in the circle to join her . you had an interesting day at the zoo today . reverend said to me as i my . it had been a great day with the trivia group . won three . ha interesting t do it justice . the are interesting on a regular day but lately . . . i don t know what the hell s gotten into them . . . . . the h word . . . let a look slip when i it but t comment . they are some of the most peculiar of god ' s ' t they ? the reverend said . you know some of my more eh radical claim that the devil made the chimpanzee s . some say to confuse man of his say they were simply meant as a mockery of god ' s own image . all aside i always our lord quite a bit of himself into them just as i believe he for all his . i trying to hide my discomfort at the g word . we do see a lot of ourselves in the reverend if that s what you mean . the old man cracked a grin . i suppose we do child . he before the grin slowly faded . i been meaning to ask you and i hope i m not pushing myself here . . . but you yourself rather well here yet i don t believe i ever seen you at one of our sessions . . . i been meaning to ask you why that is . the warm blood flooding my face again as i knew it would . it s not . . . well . . . i like the people here i do it s just . . . religion just t a thing for me . . . does it scare you child ? the blood suddenly all at once . i t that question . it . . . no . no i just i m more of a science based person and religion . . . . . with a few of my personal . . the reverend . oh but child there are many ways to interpret the lord ! for a time the church was in fact the leading force in the scientific world . sure the old may disagree with how we see the world today but the old were written by old men in an old time . now when you come here you feel something don t you ? something between you and the people in our flock don t you ? something special . that feeling is all you need to know there is something greater than yourself . perhaps our lord led you here for a reason . if that s the case it would be a shame to only keep just one foot in the door . the old reverend at me expectantly . he was right you know . there was a feeling amongst the people here a kind of feeling of peace that just . . . you t put your finger on . i d felt it the second i through the large wooden . i d felt it so many ago . . . when i used sign the old next to my brother . . . . down at me from the cross with his permanent look of sorrow . it was exactly the same as how i it only . . . i m pretty sure we used wine to paint his . . . to holler from her branch on the banana tree . now however she had woven the grass to form a crown like a child may do in the summer . more of the gather around her now with only a few sitting silently away from the mass . it always with the whole group screaming in unison . is the only the one at our zoo that was taught sign language . she to be one of the to s little talk show . whenever the came to chat with she was always happy to oblige an awful lot of for her . when the tried to question about though they only ever got three out of the young . . head . crazy . it truly was a feeling of peace amongst the . a welcoming feeling that us . so why did it make me feel so ? why did i still feel dread every time i stepped through the old wooden ? sure the feeling was the same but the people were nothing like the i d known in my youth . . . . . . they were . they were exactly the same . . . all so normal . i put two in the communion basket as it by me . the people would talk if they t think i was . . . just like how we about greasy who t made a contribution in two . just because you re out of work t mean you can t cough up a dollar for the greater good . the old used to fill my soul as a child why is it that they now always make me hear the screaming . what the are those doing ! some idiot while over the enclosure . suddenly stopped talking to glare at the her whole group did the same . i t see it in person . i saw the video my had taken . where suddenly every single in s group lost their all at once . they bloody murder the with anything and everything they could grab . the zoo is now a net over their enclosure . we all and cussed as did his walk of shame . only after he to taking the money did we start throwing our at him as well as other . he would show his face again next week . he would face the lord . i the screaming before i even knew what was happening . some of them some stood and watched with some even cried . was laid against the old banana tree nearly unrecognizable under the blood and broken . s group continued to bash her furiously while she lay unmoving . all the while raised her arms and head to sky and d calmly . when the group was done they all did the same before it once again into . the saw it to it that the people never came flooding after that . we had made the poor mad by keeping them locked up apparently . they were set to be shipped to come the end of the month . stopped coming to mass . no one concerned . he made his peace with the lord . would later tell me . we t sure how the had the enclosure . the net we had over the pit had been torn that s all we knew . we t even know if the dead man lying at the foot of the banana tree had snuck into the zoo or if the had snuck out . we just had the feed of them dragging him alive past our now . we had put the rest of the in a separate enclosure since s group . despite being locked well away ever since the night the man they all as though something had frightened them to their core . the zoo was closed to the public that day for maintenance . some came to pick up the body and that was that . never herd or saw anything about the incident again . was told never to talk about it by my boss . had me at least twelve times since this morning . the other church had blown up my as well as my and even my . some of them were much less subtle in their contempt . it t matter i was moving again anyway . been it for awhile now . it was times like this that made me think back to my brother . i had been so reluctant to leave with him all those ago but somehow i knew . . . why do we have to go will ? i had him . mommy and daddy are going to be very angry with us when they find out we snuck out and you know i m already in trouble . . he said anxiously even back then i could feel the anxiety coming off him . i know this is a lot but we ' t going to be seeing and dad again . . . what ! ? why ? ? ? look . . . i know you don t understand what s going on right now but i need you to trust me right now . we need to leave and it to be now . but . . . but i can t go . . . you know i can t . . . i have to repent tomorrow . . . my into a murmur as i went on . no . . . no no no . i was bad . you can t go tomorrow . i know it t make sense to you but you can t . we need to go . but they said that ! he said gently onto my arms . do you remember what when your friend lily was bad ? yes . and do you remember what when she ? no they t let me see will . how about after ? do you remember that ? no i never saw lily after she did she made her peace tho exactly ! he . what do you think is going to happen if they make you repent ? was one of the that first took an interest in old when she first wearing grass . since she had left with the i had been her rather frequently . had not gone as hoped in . some of the wild had actually s group in whatever practice she had . the who t . . . you t want to hear the . worst yet . the now growing flock had begun the native . as in them into the jungle . there was even talk now of the whole group . apparently they sing now . the once chaotic screeching that s sessions is now by coo s that chill her to the bone . do you not believe ? i had will sadly . it had been a few since we ran away . my brother from the front seat of his truck . i t say i lost my faith . . . but i don t believe in the god that our people . . . what do you mean ? my brother was quiet for a minute . the god we where taught about . . . he finally said . would never never have led his to do what our people did . . . i at the floor for a while . will had still never told me what when we . but you still believe though ? i . will eyed me looking away from the road for a second . i believe in something . . . what do you mean ? the where cold and bumpy that day . if we ever stopped the truck could have well gotten stuck in the snow . you know how they say god is everywhere ? how he s inside all of us inside everything ? well what about hell ? what about the devil ? if god truly does make up everything then he must also make up them as well . you cannot be everything without also being evil . . . i at my brother . god ' t evil ! ! ! he s good ! everything we ever been taught he s good will ! will quickly put a hand up to calm me . i m not saying he s not good of course there s good in the world i m just saying the evil is there too . . . after all . . . he did make us all in his own image . . . did he not ? i t from in several . she had just gone silent . my doorbell rung suddenly snapping me away from my painful train of thought . on the other side was a man . dressed in a white buttoned shirt with black pants and a tie a book in his hand preaching god only what . what caught my eye though was the single blade of grass hanging out his ear . he spoke before i the door in his face . ! ! ! r is the most wonderful time of the year right ? no . not really . it used to be though . i used to count down the days every single year until my brother . we were both always so excited for the holiday family all of that good stuff . and then one morning he just . let me start at the night before . the were stuffed we had just finished leaving out s milk and . my brother and i rushed to bed because of course the faster we went to sleep the sooner it would be . late that night i woke up because i had to pee . the bathroom was all the way at the end of the hall from our room and on the way i a rustling noise that like it came from our living room . i was suddenly wide awake alert and excited . the middle of the night eve maybe even morning i t stop to check the time . it had to be right ? i start sneaking down the following the sound of the rustling . tiptoeing to the door frame i peak my head around the corner i m going to describe what i saw to you you won t believe me but trust me it s an image i truly never forget . it was or what i thought to be . i only got a glimpse of him before turning behind the doorframe to hide but i poked my head back around the corner to get a better look . the fear that i felt was so intense . i probably never feel anything like it again . he s not as big as he s usually but he is red definitely red . the first thing that stuck out to me was his lanky figure . he t fat but his stomach was definitely bloated maybe it was the milk and ? i quickly that his red appearance t from his typically festive outfit it was his skin his skin . as he into the small leather bag that his side he would pull out perfectly wrapped and ever so gently he would place them methodically under the tree . and that s when i his . his if you can even call them that were long and thin black with what i could only imagine is soot . his curled around each gift that he would place under the tree . his signature hat t a hat at all it was his hair bright red with a distinctly white tuft at the end . he had around his and neck they almost like . that s when the sheer terror set in . i felt a warm sensation run down my leg it was the piss . i never even made it to the bathroom . i turned and ran up the back to my bedroom the door behind me as calmly as possible . under the of my bed i for him to come for me it t have been long before i was out because the next thing i remember is me awake . the morning were beaming through my window i upright and tried to tell her about what i saw but of course she it off just a nightmare . i was so but i knew jake would believe me . i out of bed and rushed to his room but as soon as i the door my stomach sank . it was empty well mostly empty . there were some storage sitting in the room but other than that nothing . i tried to plead my case to and dad honestly i did . but when i even jake they would get this confused look on their face who s jake ? is that one of your imaginary ? it t that he was missing it was like he never at all . i got more that year than any year prior but i lost my brother . sure every year but nobody about the that . this year though ? it be different . i m ready for and trust me i t make the nice list . i hate driving . even before this i driving . i guess hate is a strong word but i could never understand people who find it a hobby something they prefer to do . at best i think it s boring at worst terrifying . but just for the normal you know ? like i m driving a giant hunk of metal and with one wrong twitch of my hand i could kill myself everyone with me and a lot of people around me terrifying kind of way . not this other way . so basically i was already in a situation i was uncomfortable with . i was driving from new up to north a small town in the blue ridge for winter break . . . . which for reference is a hour drive . not only that but my was coming with me to meet my family for the first time . so . a lot of anxiety and sweat was happening . the only good thing about this situation was we could split the drive up each twice . my there a year ago so i had only been up there once before but that was one more time than he d been so we agreed i d take the last hour leg winding through the . most of the drive was completely uneventful well driving through was a bitch but if you ever driven through you know why . we to music got a bunch of junk food just normal road trip stuff . of course the sun went down at so the last bit of the trip was done in darkness but that still t a problem . actually i prefer driving at night weirdly enough . i mean not . but i used to like it slightly more than day driving . so we re along stopped at a gas station around to fill up and switch and kept on moving . after that it was mostly small and then i turned onto the blue ridge parkway soon after . and you know i don t know if this is common knowledge but the parkway is known for being gorgeous . people come to north to drive on it . weird people . who like driving . but at night it ' s treacherous and the exception to my prefer driving at night rule . the road is built right into the sides of the for the most part . there s a hard rock wall on one side and a steep drop on the other with of sharp . i was a bundle of . i was still definitely a better choice than my though i had been there before albeit once and he grew up in new york city and t driving until college so long winding mountain with little room for error was not going to be his forte . i wish he t fallen asleep though . i mean i get it . it was a long day and i had slept through his last driving shift but still . i really really wish he t fallen asleep . every so often i d see another car driving behind me to turn off onto one of the side or one whizzing by . but after almost an hour and i t seen anyone else i to think something was weird . i mean yeah it was dark as hell but it was only o clock ? people live out there . they go . not a lot of people but i don t know where was everyone ? either way i took it as an opportunity to flip on the high . i t kept them on because a car would come by every five to ten and i t want to blind them . the tree were so white and bright it was unsettling . that plus the extreme lack of other people i turned the music up as loud as it would go that it would wake him up . it t work but i t too he s a heavy sleeper . i kept driving with the high on and the music up for what felt like another hour but still no other . not only that but i should been home by then . or at least close to it . but my eta on the t . and i mean i knew that long and are not distinctive but i could swear i had driven down the same path multiple times . at this point i was sweating . i kept shaking my s leg trying to get him to wake up but he was completely out . i was about to yell his name until i saw something in the corner of my eye that made me stop . it like a woman standing between the . for some reason i t bring myself to look straight at her . but once i saw her i t able to unsee her out of the corner of my eye . from the i was able to make out she was in a long gingham dress and an old fashioned bonnet you know like what i d wore on the trail . i don t know why but she shook me to my core . i went as fast as i could without feeling like i was going to crash . but it was like she was the moon . no matter how fast i drove she was there . the i went around but she was still there . just standing there . staring at me . i turned off the high because i t want her to be able to see me better than she already could but right before i them off i caught a glimpse of her straight on as i turned the corner . it god it was the worst thing . her mouth her mouth was sewn shut with thick black cord . the skin around the was red and angry but her straight at me through the windshield with complete lack of emotion . i could feel welling up in my and my mouth went completely dry . i was so on that awful awful mouth of hers that i almost into the mountain side . i had to jerk violently to one side but i over corrected and had to swerve again to avoid flying off the road into whatever lay down below . but for the brief second when my were pointed over the edge i thought i saw the same face with the thick and staring . but that t have been possible . it was a straight drop . my s head hard against the glass from the turns but he t wake up . i t know my reaction to complete terror would be sobbing but as i down the road to god i could outrun that woman i could feel streaming down my face . even through the blurry vision though i could see her standing there . watching . but you know what ? if she d just watched me i would driven for another hour or more under that stare . instead she her arm in a violent motion elbow locked fist point straight up in the air . i at the road half because i t want to crash and half because i still t want to look at her it felt like if i did that i d be fully her existence making it more real . so instead i got a full view of another woman also dressed in a full gingham dress and bonnet mouth sewn shut . she flew out from the drop off on the side of the road arms and moving rapidly as she on all her bent up in unnatural ways like a four legged spider . i felt her body slam into the car but i t hit her . she had somehow . i could hear her scraping against the undercarriage of my car as she on to it . i have a lot that i m screaming and i just can t scream loud enough i always worried that that d be the case in real life . i t make a sound . when she hit my car well the only thing i could do was a pee a little . a lot . i t know what to do . i thought of stopping suddenly to try to throw her off but the idea of stopping the car at all . i knew that something horrible would happen . i pictured her flying off spinning around and herself at the windshield . or even worse still being able to hold on and up the car . her kept scraping beneath me . i t know what to do . and then the answer came to me . sorry to get off track but i need to say this . i despise people who hit . i know that sometimes it s unavoidable but i seen way to many people swerve to purposely hit a squirrel or turtle to assume that every animal on the side of the road was an accident . so what i did i feel horrible . i saw a doe dart across the road far out in front of me quickly by a tiny fawn . but well the fawn t make it all the way across the road . i barely thought the thought before i the wheel and into the baby deer . it s poor big . . i m sorry . but it did do what i was for . it s little body went right under the car into whatever was gripping the underside of the car . i the scraping down the car and felt the back careen over a huge bump . in my review mirror i saw two one bigger than the other tumble and skid to a stop behind me . i watched one of them twitch violently but then i turned the corner and they were out of view . i my breath for what was probably only a few but felt like forever . but nothing came bounding around the corner after me . and then i i t see the woman in the . i t let myself feel relieved though until i saw another car coming towards me . i felt the return to normalcy in my stomach and my finally woke up . i tried to explain to him the sweat and terror on my face make him understand what had but i just t . i over my trying to understand what the i had seen . i still don t understand now but at least i can put it into . at the time though i just settled on i had hit a baby deer . in just a few i saw the sign pointing to the little neighborhood where my live the eta on the had gone from an hour and a half to three in . i remember into driveway of my parent s house and into . well i guess more than before . the whole time i was there i being out at night on that parkway . especially alone . about three days after i had gone back home my gave me a call . apparently there had been a horrific car accident just a few down the road from them which unfortunately more often than you d hope . the unusual thing about it was all the were covered in long deep nail scratches and they were done before any of them had . i ' m trying to talk my into moving again . i think i should have during the interview that something was up . when everything was happening i was just to have an interview . i d be given food pay and they d let me do whatever i whenever the baby was down for a nap . they like they were chill who a little extra help . plus it was a full time position and would pay enough for me to finally stop tapping into my to keep up with rent . but there was always a looming red flag in the background . the baby was never around when we . they said he was sleeping he was with someone else he was just never free to meet me . it set off in my head after the third time talking over everything with them . it s always best that you meet the you re going to nanny for making sure you get along you know ? but no . they never let me meet him . finally we decided on an in person meeting time rather than all of the zoom that we had been . i that i to meet him to make sure we d mesh well together . the instantly trying to type but i firm . i had to meet the child . they d be the person i spend the most time with for most of the week if i accepted this job . i had to make sure i t be miserable at the position . it s when i at their house that it hit me . they t rich but they definitely were upper class . their lawn was near perfection . the grass was still green when everyone else s was beginning to die from the cold but it t look painted or fake . it just alive . and then there was the fountain by the front door . lion s into the rock . and i do mean . i had curiously it while passing and it t plastic or cement . and each lion on the fountain was a little bit different but not in an off way . just a little from various i suppose . and then i on the front door and i . i was to be by a parent so i was when a pair of the door . they were both too old to be the baby i was going to nanny . i then briefly if i was at the wrong house . nope . the of the who i call let me in . he polite and very friendly . he s roughly ten but i m at guessing so that was a mystery to me . i just knew he very independent and very talkative . i then at his younger brother and he was the one age i don t have as much trouble telling since i been around a lot of his age . i call him . he was about four or five and was cute as a button . he more shy and reserved but absolutely charming . charming in that way that shy often are adorable and polite . he had that energy . so i said looking at the both of them still standing by the main entrance it behind me . where are your ? they re in s room said softly as he at me . also yes i m naming them all after . it s for their privacy as well as my own . it felt like he was trying to solve a riddle as he me down . it t feel threatening or anything like that just like he was confused . great ! is there somewhere i should wait for them ? i as i went a bit further into the house . like the living room ? the led me to a living room and it was very modernly decorated . not exactly but it was charming all the same . and then the finally came in after a few along with . he was all and very sweet . he was only a few old roughly six going on seven . he still had all of his baby fat giving him the most precious face and a bubbly personality to match . the honestly by how much he was smiling . he like a perfectly sweet baby . and i have to say there was nothing weird about how he . he was tan with dark hair . he had two little teeth already but they ' t or anything . it normal ! everything did look normal . so me being desperate and in need of money plus not seeing anything wrong with how i ' d handled the baby i working for them . and god damn if it ' t been a weird week . it with the fact that the middle child was never home until after sunset . i ' t hired to care for the older two and was told just to let them do whatever they unless they help with the stove or something which i was with . it was lovely honestly . i being able to talk with the older boy a little bit just relax with him when the baby was down for his . but the middle was always gone . i where he was and the said her mother in law ' s . which i get it . i to go to my nana ' s when i was a little . but he ' s there every single day . from sunrise to sunset . why do i clarify the time ? cause he literally only up once the sun goes down . the first time it i was honestly out cause i the living room and he was just . . . there . just sitting on the couch a bit dirty . his like he s been digging through mulch or something of the like . he a little breathless but he was smiling at me . it ' t feel menacing or anything . it just like a happy to have someone to talk to . so i spoke with him . nothing bizarre was brought up and i ' t really in the mood to ask him about just . . . showing up . then there was . and the . i think they re . they t like . . . vampire though . they re like a shark s set of teeth . sorry i got caught up on semantics back to the actual point . sometimes when t take his i have to hold it to his mouth to get him . when i was holding him and just him get to his i a weird sound . do you know that sound when you pierce a fork through something you should not have tried to pierce a fork through ? it was that kind of sound . i under my and tried to see if i accidentally stepped on one of his or might have broken something . but i t see anything . and then i back up at . it was so brief i don t know if i saw it or not . but i . . . i think i saw like a bunch of little white teeth . i sort of froze and just at him and then he . and because he was smiling his fell out and the teeth retracted into his skull . i t know what to do or think so i just sat him down and then picked up the . the plastic was pierced . and then there was . was pretty normal . he to play and draw . he was chatty and honestly pretty good company . but even he came with his . the first sign of not being ordinary came later in the week . and it was when a new character up in our story the cleaning lady . the cleaning lady to be an early thirty s woman . she spoke to the family but when she cleaning she had in and apparently would be on the phone the entire time talking to people in . i was frankly a little by the fact she was to do that but then again as long as she t wake the baby i t care . but did . i was told the cleaning lady comes every and to just stay out of her way when she did . i was also told to just let her and argue if anything came up . i was confused and tried to ask for more about it but the and told me not to worry . needless to say i was not prepared when i screaming coming from upstairs . i had been sitting on the couch just trying to relax after the baby to sleep . then i it . it was ear shattering . i thought it must have been something from a speaker in their living room it was so loud . but then my brain connected the fact that it t technology and it was from upstairs . i rushed upstairs where i had previously never been and on a scene that should have been the thing to send me . was fully screaming at the cleaning lady from inside a circle that i had assumed was made of salt . i later learned it was sugar . i still don t know why sugar was used . and the cleaning lady standing outside of the circle and just . . . him with a spray bottle and saying something in what i think was rather than . close family came from brazil . i grown up hearing and eating comfort food . which by the way is the best food ever . it went on for what felt like forever but was probably only and then just . . . stopped screaming and stepped out of the circle and went to his bedroom . i of course was the hell out . what was that ? ! pardon ? the cleaning lady was just dusting up the sugar into a dustpan like it was normal . that whole thing ! he ! what ? ! i m the cleaning lady . i clean the house and the . what ? how do you clean the ? on the child . now if you excuse me . and then she left for the day because that s her last job of the day . i checked on and he was fine . he t answer any of my but he at least t deny that it had . he s a good i was honestly more for him than of him . other than the weird i like this job . i just want to learn what the is up with this family and what is going on with the . i have to get some sleep cause it s late and i have to go to work in the morning . wish me luck and hope that i don t accidentally get cursed in the process of this whole thing . the walk back to the house to await ' s arrival home was much more subdued following the awful that had just taken place . i was on high alert scanning our surroundings every few in case of any more " " wildlife and the even were all uncommonly quiet . i ' t shake the image of that creature from the poor deer ' s throat and was silently myself for the shot when ' s came out of my pocket . a palpable relief filled my body as i my phone out and the call . " beth ! are you all right ? " my husband ' s warm strong voice laced with concern and worry through the and i a bit . " yeah i ' m . why ? " ' s voice came through again this time heavy with fear and in spite of being to hear from him the tone of his voice me greatly . it took a lot to push into anything other than cool collectivity . " there ' s something wrong with the here " he said . " all of them . i just don ' t know what . i found and shot three deer . two of them me and then went missing after i plugged them and i can ' t find them anywhere . the third one is right here but the other two . . . just gone . and i was by two and at least six . shot every single one of them too . went to make sure they were dead and they were gone as well . " before i could stop the question it just out and i even as i it already his reaction . " are you positive you ' t just miss the at those deer ? " he ' t answer and i swore i could hear the " stupid question " in his head . " never mind " i said . then i to him everything that had here with the deer . he was quiet throughout my story listening intently and when i got to the part with the creature that had come out of the deer he suddenly burst out excitedly . " yes ! that ' s exactly what with the and deer ! some kind of black oily thing basically the dead to and then came at me with these weird teeth open and out ! i fired and hit it but it ' t seem to be affected by the bullet because it just turned and ran away . " inwardly i rolled my . of course he ' d be the one to hit it first . i silently cursed my own panicked bad aim . " so are you coming home now ? " " yeah . i ' be there in about or so . " " where did you go zimbabwe ? " i . " no i ' m out here by bear ridge . i was this deer and found this cave i want to look at . " " next time " i . " i want you to come home now . at least you got one deer . your are and want their daddy and so do i so . . . you know . . . put down some . " " all right all right " he good . " i ' m on my way . i love you . " " i love you too . " i hung up and then around warily . in the course of my conversation with i ' d forgotten to keep surveying the area and now the were already out over the road like long slender ghost . i suppressed a quick shudder and briefly touched my b for strength before gathering the and making my way onward . as we the house the night fell faster than i was comfortable with so when i finally spotted the lit up cabin ahead way down at the end of the road i felt relief flood once more through my body . i on the flashlight on my phone and handed it to . " now listen " i said squatting down and pointing . " the house is right over there . daddy ' s on his way home but it ' s not safe for us to be out here in the dark right now so we ' re all going to run . i want you to run and push your sister . try to keep up with us . the faster we get home the we ' be . " i stood up . " now when i say go we ' re going to run to the cabin and lock the door until daddy home . " i took a deep breath my already in protest . " ready ? " " ready ! " they all said together . " all right . go ! " i cried . we all took off running down the road tearing hell bent for leather . the ahead of me and after what like forever i saw reach the porch first and yank the stroller in through the door closely by and . the door shut and i breathed a quick sigh of gratitude even through my burning to whatever power lay above that the were safe now . almost instantly the gratitude as i three simultaneously . i had given my phone to before we ran and was now surrounded by pitch darkness on all sides . . i could no longer see the of the cabin try as i might . . i was no longer running . in fact i had come to a complete stop . i down and to my extreme horror even in the darkness i could see the colors of the with teeth that i was now standing on . i to pry my away from the creature ' s body while fumbling for the b but it was as if i was standing in a massive amount of super duty glue . my brain to feel fuzzy and i found it more difficult to think clearly . it felt like the world had down . suddenly all i could think about was how tired i was and how a good sleep after running so hard would be good for me . my shut even as i stayed standing goofy dazed smile to face my in the creature ' s smooth black body by unknown and unimportant . yes . . . just a little nap . . . from far off in the distance and away i screaming and then a few short fast like snapping . i my and was by the brilliance of an unknown white light behind me . it took a moment to register the light as the of my husband ' s truck . the world and the whirled back in nearly making me dizzy with vertigo and i blinked and down . then i . part of the creature ' s body that i was standing on had peeled back to reveal those horrible teeth . and it was about to bite . my scream and my air flow was cut off abruptly as ' s strong arm around my waist and me backwards . my free of the creature and back with me but ' t fall . he ran over to the truck and his shotgun from the rack inside then it pointed it at the creature and the trigger . the creature exploded on impact into of tiny little scattered all throughout the brush . ' t wait to see if it was dead . he came back and scooped me up into his arms to carry me over to the truck then in the driver ' s seat and tore off down the road . within we were home . he me inside hurriedly then double and the door . i sank down into a chair at the table reality even clearer beneath the harshly bright light of the cabin ' s kitchen . the clustered around me me anxiously on my knee . " ? . you " kay ? " " yeah baby girl " i said quietly forcing a smile . i down with shaky to smooth back my daughter ' s hair . my trembling and the back then knelt down next to me folding his big rough familiar around mine to steady them looking anxiously into my . i raised my to meet his and out of nowhere my vision blurred and i felt my chest hitch . knew it was coming . instead of speaking he simply me into his burly chest and me close and right he was of course because mere after that i was sobbing into his chest in huge racking unbridled and trying desperately to explain how absolutely drained i had felt when i ' d been stuck to that creature . he me and my hair and in my ear in his soothing baritone and after a couple of i was able to calm down . chest still heaving i him " honey what is that terrible thing ? " " i don ' t know babe " he said quietly . then i saw his narrow . " but believe me i will find out . " darling lunged at the creature it onto the reflective of the mess hall and planting a firm frost covered boot on its throat . i was still shaking but out a few as i across the floor on my bottom closer to the hallway door and . the woman her foot and it down forcing out a thrashing gurgle from the creature . without even thinking i to remove the syringe the had given me . darling s shot to the thing in my hand and then to my . don t make a move . slowly i stood my back along the wall of the mess hall . calm down i m not here to hurt anyone . don t you trust me ? you were hanging out with the said . i cut my in his direction and the mutt a few forward to inspect the creature under darling s heel with his flat . on approach the white fish like monstrosity at the curly haired dog forcing it to retreat behind s . c mon . i m not going to hurt anyone alright ? i told you already . i just need some of its . darling at her nose with a forearm after a quick sniffle . that s the most insane i ever . i tried a friendly grin . you re telling me . alright darling you said you came in through a portal right ? where s it at ? the creature tried reaching around to grab at her from its prone position but was quickly put out of commission with a quick heel to the cheek . at least it like it was the equivalent of the thing s cheek . my face was going trying to answer that s the thing you see . i tried to rationalize why i d into a portal and why i d not how i would get back home . it after i stepped out of it . at just that moment an older man with a long beard in through the door leading from the hall . he around cautiously with wide took a step back then into the hallway again . was that fink ? darling . nope said quickly moving over to the door to close it . the sharp metallic sound of him moving one of the bench tables in front of the entry way rang out all around . i told you . fink s dead . do we trust him ? darling directed this question at . it felt exceptionally weird being the subject of so much scrutiny . once again me over and slowly rolled his tongue around in his mouth before saying i think so . like i said why would they pretend to be someone we never met ? exactly ! i said i don t even know you people . i think i m just here for that thing . i at the creature she had locked beneath her foot . said . ? i . that s what fink them but i m not sure . there was a brief pause . but the fink that told me that was one of those . it s hard to say . i darling hesitantly with the syringe in my hand . do you mind ? i m not going to use it on you i promise . i just need its . she watched me as i crouched over the thing s face plunging the syringe into its eye . god why did i pick that spot ? an ear splitting howl immediately from the thing s mouth and a smattering of thick blood shot from the spot warping my into a sludgy mess making it hard to grip the syringe properly . that was going to leave to be sure . i watched as the vial on the mechanism filled with the blood and i removed the syringe . ugh . i said . a smell like old wet the air directly near the creature s face . man . said darling . she her pocketknife to the thing s throat and quickly it into its bulbous shining white flesh . the thing stopped moving as the small blade ran its course . . she closed the knife after it along the forearm of her jacket and quickly put it away . that just great . i could feel a bit of acid begin to come up in the back of my throat . rough stuff . the dog s head and one of the from the floor to wrap both him and the mutt in a little pocket of warmth . the chill was beginning to get to me i t even imagine how my were faring . darling surrounding herself with a set of tall . and i took up across from her to stand leaning against the wall . the illuminated her face in an eerie glow . i thought about . i him . i wished i d never into a portal . i think my initial reaction had been somewhere along the of jump into a portal ? of course ! that rad as hell ! i am an idiot . so a portal ? darling s inquiry had me from my contemplation . that s right yeah . i said . the weight of the vial in the pocket of my parka heavy . raised . how s that even work ? i my as i spoke . you know you seem pretty on board with something as weird as a portal . let out a gentle hiss from between his teeth . it took me a moment to realize he was . have you seen that thing ? he hooked a thumb at the dead white creature on the floor . he the dog s head . how did you plan on getting back ? fantastic question . i really wish i d figured that out before leaving . you t happen to have a way to get out of here . darling a sick laugh at this . like we haven t tried . every one of our have been . we re in the middle of a blizzard . our power is out . the one chopper we got is out of commission and there s no way to repair it in this storm . plus you know there s those . even if i to go back out to the chopper and i don t it s not like it d be safe . they re everywhere . she shook her head leaning in towards one of the candle as though she intended to sap some of its small heat . that s when it . the steady hum deep in my . at first i t even sure that anyone else could hear it but the dog s up and to take notice . darling was looking at me too . i felt that familiar suction sensation coming from the wall i was against . you know that feeling when you begin to fall backwards when leaning back in a chair and you just feel like you might be able to catch yourself ? yeah it was a lot like that . i felt myself being into the wall . what the ? said darling standing and knocking over one of the . hot wax splashed across the floor as my vision was taken in the red atom splitting hole behind me . i was falling straight through . i could feel that . then i felt something latch onto my ankle . my blood ran cold upon its touch but as i down i could see that darling was gripping my shoe with a look of fascination and wonder . as i gave in and the hole to take me and we slipped further in came too onto darling s pant leg with one hand and holding the dog s collar in the other . then i felt a solid hard floor as i into the basement of the museum . i was nearly blinded by the difference in atmosphere . after blinking a few times the image of billy grinning down at me formed from a rough outline of his face . the head cultist down pinching me by the shoulder of my parka with a thumb and forefinger me to my . billy spoke hey now buddy i t think i had to tell you that you probably t bring anyone with you through that thing . i around darling and both around wildly at the in the dark basement . i got the . i removed the syringe with the vial from my parka and it towards billy s . he eyed the thing with a look of mild disgust waving over one of the hooded . they took it from my hand . i have some of my look over the sample and see if they can t come up with something . he at one of the growing pustulous on his forehead . thanks . a lot that you d do that for me . i thought for sure you were going to leave me over there on the other side . billy shook his head . course not . we to give you a few to get the job done . a few ? he idly an affirmation and snapped his to draw attention of the other . get these two under lock . i don t want them running around and talking about how there s a secret shadowy organization under the museum alright ? he was talking about and darling . i eyed the people i d inadvertently out of another place as i back into my regular clothes . darling like she was in shock scanning the room with bewilderment if i were a betting man i d wager there was a hint of gratefulness somewhere in her . s face told another story . he was searching the immediate ground around him . i stepped towards him you lose your wallet or something ? i stopped mid chuckle when i he was holding an empty dog collar . where s ? he . he spun round to look at the great big concrete wall with the chalk circle . the place the portal had been . he it as though he was trying to see if there was a spot there that might give . no such luck . was gone hooded the two of them and them away somewhere before they had a moment to question it . billy returned from speaking with the cultist that had taken the syringe from me . he clapped me on the back good job perry ! really good job . thanks ? i had through the crowd to greet me . it was good to see her again it did not seem that she d being in the basement . now about that problem of yours . i t worry about it . i handle it . i got a little pull with . there was a pause . as long as the curing ritual works and all . after with billy i myself and the small girl from the painting led me back to the ground floor of the museum . i locked the door behind us and continued . after my phone i could see that my shift was nearly over . the exhaustion hit me like a ton of . i wonder still if my trip through the hole had an effect on that . as i into her painting and she to solidify to her pose i got to thinking about the portal in the basement and its uncanny similarity to how the people in the would come and go from their . i quickly waved and left to sit in the camera room for the remainder of my shift . as came in i him tiredly and clocked out . i took the leading down to the lobby and stopped at the base of the thinking all swimmy with my into my security jacket . after a moment of thinking about it i briskly down the hall towards before fall . as it came into crystal view the abstract thinking had come into full focus . i stepped up to the painting . the woman was frozen there in time . the brush were as beautiful as ever . i at the index finger of my right hand and it towards the canvas . as my finger met the dry paint i . nothing was going to happen . of course i t go into a painting . i was a real person . it so quickly i could scarcely say it at all . as the tip of my index finger the painting i felt an overwhelming electricity course through my body . the picture came into full focus . apple was no longer frozen there in place . her hair was carried around her head in a breeze and the wheat field she sat in as though true to life . i could see it . she twisted her head around so that she was looking directly at me and i t swallow properly . before i could come under her spell i my finger from the painting and it back into my jacket pocket to leave . i just to go home and see felixmy next door neighbor is an old recluse . who to feed the stray that roam the apartment grounds . the two she had were total too . not cause they ' re . but because they around the building for food and fighting . all through the night . after night . after night . . . . . i ' d hear them call out from my ground floor patio . most of the time i . feeding at am ' t for me . " come here jinx come here . " you ' d hear her eventually call out to them . she to them as if they understand . well they don ' t . they ' re extremely as well . any alert to you and they ' d dash . a door squeak a voice or shuffling . a distant furry blur was the possible sight . behind the sliding glass door was they only way they ' d let you see them . they ' d bolt if you it though . tiny under the patio fence . looking and waiting to see if you left food . you ' t be able coax them near you . unless you were my neighbor . " come here jinx . come here . " fair enough . they lived more feral than a and have learned to survive . they ' t see the generous old lady as a threat . housebreaking them ' t possible at least the old lady ' t do it not them . the only reason they stuck around was for the food . but ' t they at least be more chill about it ? nope . not them . at least not the fatter one jinx . mostly because he was the only one eating . the other ate purely . jinx was entirely black . was black as well but with a white patch over his mouth . she ' t have been more on the nose with naming them . they were both good looking but despite their they could not get along . it ' s a thing to witness two fighting . people love . but not when they ' re really acting like and their . in jinx ' s mind had to go . if not go then only eat after he ' s had his fill . and the only way to do that was to bite claw and hiss till understood . regardless if she had of food fit for the both of them . " stop that jinx . stop that right now ! " she with a meek slap to her knee . it ' s very awkward ya know . i ' m faced with two at each other . one fighting for his life . the other fighting for the kibble in a tin bowl . both and hissing . while an old lady mad at them as if they were cute who a little . all the while i ' m just she ' t try to physically stop it . the last thing i was to get my face clawed out trying to get a cat mounted like a face hugger off the old lady . i just to throw the trash . she tried . . . by hell did she actually try to shove her into a ball of their and . i could not believe my . the sight of this naive old lady as she to bend over out thinking she could step in and settle these . it was a train wreck waiting . lucky enough for me and her as soon as my mouth up to say " don ' t . " . he had enough . unlucky for him though . jinx was on a mission . and that was to dominate . utterly . and off they through the complex grounds . squabbling when was caught . and darting off again when he ran . suffice it to say mission accomplished . poor kept from jinx as much as possible after that . it was such a sad thing to see him skulk around . if anything he was the most approachable comparatively . he ' d at least eat what i would give him away from jinx . so long as i far enough away . however it ' t matter . he could not recover from that beating . eventually he was just gone all together . clink clink " what the hell is he with ? " clink clink . i got up to look through the glass door . and ' t ya know it ? the ever fatter jinx had a collar bell and tag . he was a champion now ! turns out the lady put it on " in case he away like . they can bring him back home . " the smile . . . ugh her smile me when she said that . " that ' s good " nodding my head . she ' t realize why was gone and telling her ' t have . i just to throw some trash . it ' s the only reason i ever see or talk to the lady . politely . the silver lining was there ' t any more cat through the night . it was mostly peaceful . save for jinx demanding food as he strut around clinking away . i ' t really like him much . mostly for how he poor . i ' t hate either of the . just wished they ' t as much of a nuisance . in reality neither to fight . the old lady would ' food out to their hearts content . but try explaining that . clink clink clink clank bang " what the ? " back at it again i thought . i got up furious . it was am when i checked . " i don ' t need this ! jinx ! " i threw my blanket turned the on . my on the sliding glass door . " but i do . " a man in a ski mask a jinx to the sliding door in his left hand . his breath up the glass . tapping his with the other hand . that ' s right ' t around to fight . . . i back . i knew doing anything else would make it worse . " come here jinx ! " she . nothing but naive concern in her voice . . we kept staring at each other . it felt like every single hair on me was being out . the inside of my skull as if a steel wire was snaking through my brain . " don ' t gulp don ' t throw up don ' t turn away . don ' t scream . " was all i kept thinking to myself . you never realize how long a minute is . until you ' re subjected to every second of it . " jinx ! " the creep hopped the patio fence after hearing her call a second time . taking off toward the neighboring . jinx ' s bell clinking along as he ran . " oh my goodness ! " i could hear her as i the sliding door . it was difficult to calm her down after explaining what i saw . she was inconsolable . i ' m not sure how he even snuck up on jinx to catch him . the only way i figure he did it ? was to wait for jinx in my patio . the thought of which me . talking to the police the next morning proved fruitless as well . they were already aware of what the guy had done by then . were already made about the dismembered corpse being left neatly in front of a house . some several down from here . he ' s apparently been the area and already at least . they ' re concerned he might move on to people if he . the silver lining there ' s nothing to wake me up at am . the dark cloud to that ? i have not to sleep now . i run a private campground . we re closed for the winter and i m down to essential staff . i think everyone is relieved to be done for the season considering we had to deal with murder and lately . that and it like it s going to be a cold winter . the temperature took a sharp downward turn here after thanksgiving . but while some of my staff get a reprieve i still have to deal with everything that s going on . if you re new here you should really start at the beginning and if you re totally lost this might m my opinion about . i always said that are great i just don t want any of my own . i don t mind if my bring their along when they visit and i m happy to listen to on what they re doing in school or look at . i m even with them though i will say i m at a loss on what to do if young start acting out . but right now i m not sure i want to ever interact with another child again . it s a bit unfair i admit . but with all the i put up with this week i m sure you understand why i m so salty . literally and metaphorically . it with my niece . or rather the changeling that s taken her place . my brother me over to his house this week to help ward the place . his wife t home . i m not sure if that was deliberate or coincidence . either way i m sure it s for the best as some of the warding are rather unpleasant to people unfamiliar with them . like we a dead cat in the attic . and if you re wondering where we got the dead cat from don t worry i just up the local vet and they were able to get one for me . it was a cat that had been legitimately . the most disturbing part of this is that someone s pet is now and hidden in my brother s attic instead of like they believe . but while my brother was up in the attic looking for a good spot i was downstairs hanging the horseshoe and tucking away other . i got a mind to look in on the nursery because i to see how the changeling was settling in . i t gotten to see it for very long . took my niece with him to deliver to the fairy and then a few later there was a knock on my door and when i it there was an infant on my doorstep . i my brother up and he came and her away . which i think is understandable he was anxious to get her home to his wife . so far the ruse was holding if my brother s insistence that i ward their house was any indication . he s lived without for a while now as he thought that distance would keep him safe . sadly he t escape the campground s influence . he was still part of my cursed family and could not have a normal life . it was time to stop and do what he could to protect his family and especially his new baby that was totally not a changeling . i crept into the nursery and over to the crib . my niece was asleep on her back content and oblivious to the world . i at her for a moment at how ordinary she . i m used to inhuman as but generally there s a tell or at the very least a sense of unease in the back of your head to warn you . most of the time people ignore it . i d learned to listen . there was none of that now . just an ordinary human baby to all . then she her . she up at me and slowly her infant curled into a smile that all childhood innocence chilling by how calculated the gesture was . she at me . oh you re going to be a problem for me t you ? i . she to laugh a baby s bubbling laughter and a few later my brother at the door drawn by the noise to check on her . at that point she cooing and acting like a normal infant . he was happy that she to like me . too young to remember any of the trauma of being it . he relieved . i was forced to act the part of the happy aunt and out a finger to her tiny grasping . the little dug her needle like baby into my skin as soon as she hold . can t say i m looking forward to mind with a fake infant because apparently that s how the changeling on this . the changeling is only part of my interest in being a misanthrope . there s another group of around here that are determined to cause me after all . yes i m talking about the with a wagon that were formerly the without a wagon . my problem with them with a midday visitor to the house . they incessantly pounding on the door . i with shotgun in hand because that s just how we do around here and found myself face to face with the lead dancer . behind her at the bottom of the porch was the former sheriff . he at me apologetically . you need to fix this the lead dancer said . fix what ? i . them ! she towards the forest as if that was any help . behind her the former sheriff caught my gaze meaningfully . sure i said . i get right on that . the lead dancer gave a sniff of aggravation and stalked off . the former sheriff watched her go for a bit before turning back towards me . it s the he said . they become insufferable since they were given a wagon . something felt off about what he was telling me . not that the were a problem that t news to anyone . rather the fact that he was telling me about it at all . he t fully human . this felt significant . are you saying that they re the inhuman too ? a faint nod . then he turned his back to me and away back towards the forest where the lead dancer had gone . on one hand it was tempting to just ignore the problem and let them sort their out themselves . i t be terribly sad if they the wrong entity and were summarily dealt with . we already seen that these are more than willing to turn on their own kind if given cause . it would certainly be an easy way to cross something off my list . on the other hand the not even them i merely them once and apparently that was cause to abduct me from my house . perhaps i could have gotten away with the if i d found out about this another way but the lead dancer had it in my lap and made it my problem to sort out . i t care to find out the of what would happen if i t . i first . i beau about the during our morning knife practice . i will say that daily practice immensely . beau still but i feel i m at least able to somewhat hold my own now . oh he said despondently . that . do they not bother you ? they do . i just don t care . i guess we found the drama of the inhuman side of the campground and surprising no one i m sure it s the . did giving them a wagon make them more powerful ? i . no . it just made them more obnoxious . a bit more back and forth with beau and i was able to piece together the situation . i m not certain if his reluctance to answer anything in depth was because of the natural aversion to with a human or because i suspect he t get along with the . if it s the latter i don t think it s because of anything like a territorial squabble i think it s a personality clash . beau is wry and reserved while the t . the have always been a thorn in the side of the inhuman here . that was certainly news to me . they play on the other . beau said they stole his knife once and he dragged one along the ground by its ankle until the up the weapon . they were malicious evil little he spat . but to the inhuman their were nothing more than a nuisance . when given invitation by a human their very quickly went from annoying to deadly . unfortunately since there were no to trick into ice they had instead their on the other inhuman . the wagon gave them a new trick one that they used solely to torment the . if we ever get our on the person that gave them a wagon beau said we re going to kill him . all of us . it might take a while to finish since there s so many of us on this land but i think we be able to and take our turns until we had our fill of vengeance . i felt i should pass this warning on . to the person that gave them a wagon if you re reading this you re a dead man if you ever return to the campground . but i think you already knew that . beau t able to help much more than that so i decided to go to the source . i the a visit after the sun went down . it s a bit nerve walking around the old at night now . the horse eater is out there and while i feel i d at least hear it coming there is no way i could outrun it now . not with the dapple gray stallion to ride . and that horse is cunning and cruel and i suspect it would be eager to point me out to its master should i try to hide . i can only hope that it is preoccupied with its ancient war with the fairy and t interested in roaming around looking for to eat . i promise i give you all an abridged version of that stretch of history in a future post . i found the in one of the in the old . there s a number of them and we try to keep them clear for . the rotate through them and when there s no they have an open spot every night and are quite easy to find . they me as i . i made no attempt to join their dancing around the bonfire but instead around for one that t currently to talk to . the lead dancer was to the fire spinning in a slow circle with her face raised towards the sky and her closed . i t see the former sheriff . in fact i t see any dancer that t caught up in dancing and i t dare pull one aside for . i tried something dumb . i up to the careful not to look at their . i kept my gaze on my . the i . they have a wagon one . it t stop the violin as it spoke . yes i m aware . it s a problem . it is . a long pause between us as i expectantly for more information and none came . what exactly are they doing ? i . the t answer in . instead one raised its hand and pointed . i in the direction of the road straining to resolve the blurry as my slowly to the darkness beyond the glow of the bonfire . beside me a handful of the had already stopped and had expectantly put down their . the continued their ring around the bonfire blissfully unaware . then the came flying down from the road piled into their wagon and riding it like a sled . they and hanging onto the rickety sides as it along and the were forced to dive out of its path . it went straight into and through the bonfire . the and scattered across the ground . the froze in place turning to watch as the kept going their wagon bouncing across the ground as they flew past vanishing into the as quickly as they d come . their laughter slowly faded leaving behind only a heavy silence . the struggling to hold on to the handful of that were carelessly thrown about . in the dying light the . . . feral . leaner . . beside me the were sinking into the darkness of their and like their were into the . from behind the former sheriff my arm . i in surprise but his grip was like a vice . you get out of here he me along with him running towards the exit of the clearing and towards the road . behind us the silence from the . there were of despair as the last of the fire and the clearing went dark . their grew longer to and then the pitch up to that of a shriek . you re too slow the former sheriff said frantically . you won t make it out of here . we were on the road . he turning around to look back at the clearing . i for my knife my blood running cold as a scream through the air no longer a discordant cry of dismay . like a cougar screaming into the night its presence to all the weak and timid of the forest . beside me the former sheriff . he to all and sparse fur along his spine . his cracked as they position . get on he snapped at me the forced with difficulty through a throat that was then swelling as his body reformed itself . hastily i onto his back feeling the ripple beneath me and his shoulder drift apart and resettle . his chest swelled his and arms elongated and i rose into the air on his back as he grew into a massive bull . i t see his face but i t need to in order to know that was the only human feature he for he spoke to me with a human voice when he told me to hold on . i did . and he ran . behind us bubbling out of the clearing like an avalanche came a crescendo of . gleeful vicious . a hunting party of the damned . i clung desperately at the former s sheriff s thin hair wishing that he had a mane or something for i could feel myself slipping with each bounce of his back . out of the darkness came the . they around us running on all their like . their clothing was torn to of fabric barely clinging to their and their and were fused and clawed . but despite this they were still unmistakably human in form even as deformed and twisted as their were . their however were those of . . . . their were gaunt hollow and sunken . their were tattered and torn lined with blood . the fur was sparse with mange . and their i the of the and the of the big now that i could see them . they clawed at the former sheriff . i his of pain undercutting the heavy breathing of his exertion as he ran . he t fully human but nor was he fully one of them . they tore at his thick hide and blood ran down his black as ink in the night . they would tear him apart to get at me . will they kill me ? i to him . or something worse than death ? no but then don t say i never did anything for you i interrupting whatever he was going to say next . and i rolled off his back . look it s not as heroic as i m making it sound . i was already slipping and it was honestly just a matter of time before i fell anyway . but perhaps now the former sheriff might look on me a little more kindly . i could use some more inhuman allies . and if that really deceitful well at least i t let him get sliced up for a lost cause ? the caught me as i fell . their filled my driving out all other . i helplessly born aloft on a sea of . their pricked at my skin and then i was onto the ground . i t see past the press of and around me and above me were their bright glittering like a sea of . they away my jacket . they tore my shirt from my body . and then they cut my back and salt into the wounds . this is a thing that is done in the . three along the back washed with salt water . an old punishment a mark of disgrace for someone who a test of some kind . or simply a torture out of spite for whatever unlucky victim fallen into an evil thing s . i m not sure which i am . and then they rushed off into the night as a howling chattering horde leaving me writhing on the road in pain . when i could finally stand they were long gone . i was alone on the road stripped from the waist up soaking wet and shaking from shock and cold . i had the presence of mind to get moving but not much else . i t even notice when someone came up from behind to walk along beside me . my only were to keep one foot in front of the other . it was only when i swayed nauseous from pain and someone put a hand on my elbow to stabilize me that i i t alone . that t go well beau . i hard trying to keep from throwing up . my mouth was dry . no . it absolutely did not i finally . it was reassuring him there if only for the fact that if i from hypothermia before we got back to my house i was fairly confident he d carry me the rest of the way . still . i t particularly want that to happen . could i borrow your hoodie ? i . i know i get blood on it but it come out right ? he t reply . his jaw and he stoically ahead and slowly i why that might be . is this one of those that you ? i . yes . we along in silence for a bit longer and i could no longer keep my teeth from chattering . my entire body was shaking with the cold . beside me beau and his hoodie up and over his head and handed it to me . it was as cold as the ambient air . there was no body warmth trapped in the fabric but i still gratefully it over my head . it t smell like anything either . no not like the forest not even sweat . we just suffer together i suppose he said and his voice had an undercurrent of strain to it . he let me keep the hoodie even after we my house . he d come back for it in the morning he said . then i up the old sheriff and had him take me to the er where they up the and glued them shut . beau returned for his hoodie in the morning as he d and i him in . i had some coffee and a bottle of at the ready . i had some for him . he seated himself and i handed the hoodie over and while he put it back on . for the record he a t shirt underneath the hoodie . no design . just a charcoal t shirt . so to everyone out there getting ready to sketch your interpretation of a shirtless beau you can put your away officially ruined it for you . sorry not sorry . is the name sticking ? i tentatively . like the polite thing to do to confirm we re doing this right since he was helping me . he considered . it s a start . i think we would have had better luck if we d just stuck with the man with the skull cup i . do you call saint the man that out or the lady with the needle ? i considered the of that . you re ambitious i said . i don t care to become like the he continued . that frightened me . i him what he meant by that . we had a description for them but it t a name right ? what is the name of the creature that ? he . . we did name them i said miserably . there s worse you could have . . that s not just a description . it s what they are now . i don t know if that s going to create more of them and that they start up in i your . these that stick are known to an entire culture not just a couple thousand people on the . perhaps their name will fade and they be nothing but faceless and nameless once more after you all wander off and find more interesting to look at . but just in case be on the lookout for faceless people in gray ? beau clearly t content with becoming just another creature . he a name . he to be singular . i think he to be a god . i m a campground manager . i manage the budget handle land make and decide what or renovation need to happen . i also keep the inhuman at bay as best as i can . i don t deal with or other ancient . or at least i t . now i got an inhuman thing sticking close so that i can die by his hand and what he to an ancient thing that this campground ? and there s a fairy and a hunting each other out on my land ? i think i m going to focus on the i m actually qualified to handle . is coming i need to make sure my brother is me for and now i have to figure out how to get rid of the and their wagon x read the full list of . visit the campground ' s . according to the song " the most wonderful time of the year " is apparently a time for " scary ghost . " i don ' t have anything like that but i do have something close . so i thought i ' d share . this information is important for the public to know regardless even if a bit . . . upsetting . i ' m an officer with the talbot county ' s office . you ' probably never of talbot county and you sure as hell haven ' t of the small unincorporated community of box situated in it . yes i said " community " not town . box is basically a large expanse of land with a highway running through it . every so often you ' see a house a church nearly always with a graveyard in back or on rare a dollar general . we used to have a major attraction though island an extensive display of and that drew in people practically from all over the state . island was put on by a woman by the name of . she lived on about one hundred of land and i swear to you she covered nearly every inch of it with of fake snow and life size of nutcrackers reindeer and . she must have worked damn near year round setting it all up . . was a hospice nurse meaning she to dying elderly people on a daily basis . death was already something she was accustomed to so maybe it was appropriate work . her husband three into their marriage . he fell while fixing the roof to their newly built home in box sustained an unbelievable head injury and never woke up from a coma . in her three of marriage . three times and lost all three . she basically from everyone and everything after that . the few people who knew her she was very religious up until these and apparently lost her faith in god . but then the first following her husband ' s death came and she all of a sudden unveiled to us a holiday wonderland like none we ' d ever seen . perhaps it was her way of finding joy in her sad life . perhaps she was lonely and just a reason for people to come and see her . regardless island as she it sure as hell brought with it joy and togetherness . word spread fast and by its second in operation probably the whole damn state up box on the map if only for a short time . everything turned sour when that young man . nineteen year old the island the third they were and by the end of the night he ' d into thin air . no one saw him leave . he ' t drive there . he ' d come with his who were hysterical when they discovered he was inexplicably just . . . gone . " when did you last see on that night ? " i . when i her my first visit . " i just remember that he was in the kitchen most of the night " she told me in a quiet voice . " the last time i saw him he was leaving the house to go look at the some more with his family . " " the kitchen ? " i . " so you host people indoors during the event ? " " oh yes " she said . " yes i always allow people inside to get off their and enjoy some and hot cocoa . " " i see " i said as i was every corner of the kitchen . " and you ' re sure you saw him leave the house ? " " positive . " she . for an instant her usual melancholy expression . " you don ' t think he somehow trapped himself in the oven do you ? you ' re welcome to look . " i at her dark joke in spite of myself . " no no . " i said . " i highly doubt that ' s necessary . " i gave the house one last . nothing about any of the unusual . it was a basic and modest home save for a red rug with intricate in the center of the bedroom floor . but this was hardly suspicious . perhaps . spoiling herself with luxury every now and then . hell she deserved it after all she ' d been through . i went on to survey the land but i ' t turn up any . as i was driving away i was suddenly struck by a thought . the whole one hundred or so was entirely clear of and . and it had been only a few days after . where did she store it all ? i saw no of an attic or basement or storage shed of any kind . it puzzled me but i ' t think too much about it as i continued my investigation . the search for went on for a year and then the next rolled around . . put on island as if nothing had last year . people familiar with ' s disappearance were hesitant to attend . a dark cloud now suddenly over island . but in the end the box community decided the tradition of the event would be what would want . the turnout was lower this year but the land was still plenty crowded with a number of people coming from outside box . i was assigned to oversee everything this time as an extra precaution just in case anything . something did . a girl by the name of aged fifteen hot cocoa all over herself when a boy snuck up behind her and her as she was sitting in the grass admiring the covering . ' s house . the way she cried the drink must have been unusually scalding . . who ' d been in the kitchen scream and rushed out immediately to help her . though a childless woman . was known by everyone to have a motherly nature and being a hospice nurse she certainly knew how to care for . ' s had ' s crying infant brother to deal with so they . to help clean up . " and you left her in the bathroom ? " i . on my second visit . " yes " she sounding with guilt . " i should have known the cocoa was too hot . i had a feeling it would be but i decided it would be fine . i was wrong . oh so so wrong ! the poor dear like she had and she ' t stop crying ! so i went to get her some ice from the kitchen and and . . . " here . broke down and to cry . " it ' t your fault " i told her gently . i ' t think it was . but still i was disturbed . another mysterious disappearance at island ? what was going on ? the bathroom was down the hall past the kitchen and living room and at the end of the hall was the bedroom . the house was full of people the night of the disappearance both from box and elsewhere . anyone could have snatched . absolutely anyone . but why ? i ' t figure it out . now it ' s again and it ' s safe to say island is off this year . the only reason why is because . ' t here to host it . no one where she is . she left her house abandoned . is a couple of away and i wonder if . to return to her house once she what she ' s looking for . . . we figured out where she kept all those by the way . . . examining the rug in the bedroom again i got a weird feeling about it . i it and after looking closely me and two other found a underneath . opening it we found a staircase that led down to a secret chamber . the inside of it had an unspeakably foul smell that nearly made us vomit . we found a light switch but upon it we discovered the hanging from the ceiling provided little light . nonetheless we forward finding ourselves a labyrinth of and other thrown haphazardly here and there . we by fallen nutcrackers gingerbread men and other staring up at us with that hopeless and almost insane . we once or twice over of as if they were booby traps . amid the messy piles of there stood one display that was perfectly put together . . put more care into it than any of the she to the public . it we found the source of the chamber ' s foul smell . . . it was a nativity scene . she never had one at island . some say this was because she ' d lost her faith . but maybe she ' t . maybe her faith was private to her and that ' s why she kept her nativity hidden . she ' d used as her and as her mary . their bloated were up against two wooden dressed in neatly straight out of a pageant . an empty pristine manger full of fresh hay sat before them . in front of the manger was a goat whose throat slit . it had a fresh pool of blood next to it . it probably was the most recent addition . surrounding mary and the goat were three wooden in the ground and tied around these were the three wise men . it took us a while to identify them . there was so . . . little of them left . of them were falling off . soon there ' d be nothing left but their regal gold fringed wise men those . we eventually did find out who they were though by the on their . . had many people she for at hospice die people she grew to love they say . it ' s also said she all of their kind soul that she was . and if the disturbed we found presumably of the three men on the were any indication she dug some of her back out of the ground under the cover of night to see them again . . . and use them for her nativity scene . the little behind out here are unguarded . no one her . talking to more people who knew the we discovered that the chamber was in fact a doomsday shelter built by the very religious . who the second coming was at hand . perhaps to get closer to god and away from her misery . was trying to hasten the second coming which her late husband had always dutifully for . her little nativity scene that she made just for herself was missing only one thing a baby . pray that we catch her before she with one to complete her t like any other day . i d know because i m always watching out the window . they frown on me doing anything else . the thing is when nobody s around the and of the airport get boring now that the have been trapped and removed so i watch other too . i was watching today when a car up into the overflow lot . it t so unusual someone dropping a car off being picked up by a family member or going into the terminal to wait for a flight but tonight there were no . no other or people . it s not a big airport after all . i watched them get out of the car anyway and stand near the front bumper for a while . they t know i was watching never looking up at me behind my tinted but they were acting like they were being watched anyway . glancing fidgeting . it kept my attention . they to one place more than any other a place nobody mostly ever . the practiced there during the day . it was by a square squat command tower three high two lower than my tower . i sometimes watched smoke rise from the burned out windowless brick two story building that sat beneath that other tower and and men running for future . now that husk was empty hollow smoke black . the stranger at the car was staring off across the open field to those shadowed empty on the second floor or so it to me . got stranger then for the figure at the car to sprint . running right in the direction of that fire practice area and not like they were wanting to cut short the extra time walking would take but as if they were being or rushing to stop something . their white were visible tracing along the ground in long leaving the car still running behind . i felt an urge to step out from my tower to look upon them without the hindrance of glass between us to open my further but some trepidation kept me in place at the window . surely i thought their sprint would end at the ten foot high fence surrounding the compound . the barbed wire running atop it would be dangerous a vicious deterrent . the figure leapt rather than stopping and though it was difficult to see their i could see those white sticking in chain link barely and over they went . i can t place exactly what was wrong about it but the recollection my skin to prickle standing on end . i watched . one minute two three my glancing to the running vehicle then back a few hundred across dark emptiness to the fence and the husk beyond . where had he gone ? why ? the mystery was nearly too much to bear . after five my attention was drawn to the of distant on the highway . something in the corner of my vision out there in the darkness of the field . it was them . running back to the car quickly getting in . i felt the urge to step out onto the deck to shout where did you go ? ! and yet that wave of trepidation washed over me again like a chill breeze . they t have me from up here anyway . as the car away my curiosity only grew . it was an hour until the night shift a single who would arrive so i could go home . as the of the car turned off onto the highway and faded i back to the darkness of the compound . nothing any different than before but i had to know . when my shift ended i felt excitement and fear at the prospect of simply the tower to get in my car . what i had had been strange surely but why did i feel so alarmed ? i had resolved myself to leave the staff parking by way of the gravel road that went by the compound the one those white had crossed only an hour ago . i felt a measure of security in my vehicle and as i rolled by the fence of the compound where i had seen the figure scale overtop it even less believable that i had seen them do so . three of barbed wire out from the top of the fence metal gleaming in the diffuse light from my distant tower as the beacon swept by . my foot had been hovering over the gas as if i should be ready to make a brisk exit of the area should something come out to greet me but i my anxiety and instead depressed the brake . i the button to lower my passenger window . instantly i it . a sound unwelcome in my a snarl from the burn house just on the other side of the fence . i had seen dogs fight watched plenty of with and other and there was something about this sound that told me it was none of those . it was as if a person was underwater trying to scream with their mouth closed able to be far than they had a right to be while submerged . the tone pitching higher urgent . i felt a scream rising in my own throat as i hit the gas and accelerated away . it was only once i was going down the highway coming in a quick shallow rhythm of fear that i my window was still down . what if it saw me ? who was that stranger and what were they doing ? i sat up all night wondering those . wondering if i should call the police or warn my of the sheer terror i felt by something only across the parking lot from where they sat watching . i can t decide if knowing is better than not knowing if forgetting is than considering further . worked at a forensic mental institution prior to my current career i felt that i was not prone to being easily but whatever i had in that building had triggered my lizard brain and it had told me to run . i know . i go back tomorrow when it s light . i get out of my car and stand at the fence and listen . part part the of across the city his anguished piercing my heart like a lead bullet . i around frantically desperately trying to find him but he was nowhere in sight . i back at the man the mayor and he too had . ! i dashing to and fro . the of city had back to whatever corner of hell they had derived from and i was left completely alone . alone and with terrible around in my head . i saw his skin hanging off him like kebab meat long bloody of flesh dripping crimson . i saw being by the of with their deep inside his stomach out his and then sucking on them like lollipop sticks . the that plagued my mind were unrelenting . i anguished coming at me from all i could no longer tell who or what they to . one thing i knew for certain i had to find and get the hell out of there . i no longer about anything else and i knew this city had to be burnt to the ground along with every macabre thing in it . as soon as i found though i had to find first . i tried to go in the direction i thought the had derived from but in a city completely by rubble it was hard to know which direction was the right one . i my gut nonetheless and found myself back by the wall with the bizarre . the me as i made my way across dirt sticking to my . i tried to be as quiet as i possibly could as i had the overwhelming feeling that someone or something was watching me . i could feel burning into the back of my head but every time i turned around there would be nothing there just darkness and death . it was eerily silent you could have a pin drop . i felt uneasy vulnerable . i the scorched in a blur . everything was beginning to look the same and i t discern where i was i felt like i had gone in . i knew i had for about two without a single living or dead soul . i was beginning to lose hope that i d ever find when out of the corner of my eye i saw something . a small but bright fire one that i was sure t there before . i towards it feeling the tiredness in my . as i got i that the fire t a fire at all . it was a heart a burning heart and it was . as i got even closer my as i saw that it was surrounded by . a perfect circle of . the were strewn but they had a kind of pattern to how they were laid out each person lay contorted with their arms and twisted in i care not to describe but curiously they were all connected . . . by their . a slight of the is what them together . it was a truly grotesque sight seeing them all like that . their distorted so twisted it made me think of a wrung out cloth . i t approach any closer but as if my presence the heart sprung to life beating wildly . i don t know what it was but something drew me even closer and before i knew it i was leaning over the heart staring deep into it s . i was and by the pattern it to almost move in a snake like fashion . slithering to and fro . then suddenly it open to reveal a crimson eye . i falling backwards on the . the heart beat even faster and the eye around frantically before fixing it s gaze on me . the fire heart burned even and that was when i saw that went deep into the earth like the of a jellyfish . i up and i saw the ground it lit up . the of this heart traversed the whole city . then the to stir . it was little at first a twitch of an eyelid an of a lip . but it was noticeable so . then they all to get up their were as white as milk and their contorted . they like deformed string their by someone other than themselves . i stood motionless unable to move a muscle . they all turned to look at me and i then that i was trapped they me . i saw something behind one of their it was a man by the darkness . as the light from the of the beating heart hit his face i it was the mayor . he was smiling . please help me . i said . i him he different . his ragged clothing had been he now wore a long black cloak that most of his body . as i he it . inside were and of little . all and writing across his flesh but they with a purpose i could see that much . i saw that they were squirming over an outline of a small body a child s body . it was . as soon as i saw my son s small meagre body revealed i tried to run to him but the of the blocked my path . one of them me by the arm it so hard that i thought it was going to be out of its socket . i . i fought . i . i did everything i could to get myself away from them to get to my son . then i saw something glisten on the ground a hammer . i don t know where it had come from but i was certain it t there before . i to free myself from their deathly grip down and picked it up . then i swung it with all my might . the first face i hit exploded blood and viscera flew in all . i swung and swung almost without looking and was by a constant wave of blood . i ran toward the mayor and i must have a madman but i t care . all i saw was red . as i the mayor and i saw of city approaching from either side . all were hungry for my son all were reaching for him . new life a life they desperately . he was a fledgling surrounded by that to devour him and i was running out of time to save him . it s no use your son is ours . the of the mayor sent a chill down my spine . let him go ! i . his life will release us . said the mayor . it is time . he said turning his gaze toward the . i don t know what made me do what i did but i turned around as fast as i could and ran back toward the circle . toward the heart . with what strength i had left i swung the hammer down hard . i hit it until there was nothing left . until it was nothing but a visceral smear on the floor . the ground beneath me to shake and as i turned to look behind me i saw that the and more importantly the mayor were all writhing on the floor . they blood from their and . i and i got the hell out of there . i ran and ran until i could no longer hear them . once i the back up into my basement i something from deep within the cavern a deep guttural growl . i out of that house the next day but before i did i made sure to seal the door to that hellish place every single bit of wood i could find . i t want anyone else to go down there t want anyone else to experience what i had experienced . had to have therapy after his encounter with city he t speak t sleep and had terrible night . my wife t let me see him and i to explain everything that he and i saw no one me . i miss him terribly and not a day goes by where i don t blame myself for what . if only i had left it well enough alone . if only . i live in a block of now on the highest floor trying to forget the lost city of . desperately wanting to forget the terrifying animalistic growl that i down there before and i . i don t know what it was and i pray everyday that i don t ever find out . if you ever discover a lost city underneath your house i beg you don t go exploring . of chester abstract ' s disappearing crying family black return to chester are the of sam . they will be posted in chronological order though they can for the most part be read in any . for your benefit i am only posting the where we unusual phenomena . for every noteworthy one there were many more . as the are a haphazard combination of and personal memory i am going to write them out in a more narrative format to make them easier to digest . however these are not all the in them are completely factual to the best of my knowledge . of some have been to protect you from yourself . sammy would have me to share these and so i do . in loving memory of . you will never be forgotten . it had been almost three since we had in north . it had been hard to adjust at first but many of the spoke at least some especially in the city . so that had with our sudden and life move . the flat my had bought for us was even than the one i had back in . at the top of one of the in the old part of downtown . not a car and taking public transit everywhere was weird so i looking into what would be involved in getting a vehicle almost right away . but i guess i to get used to it pretty quickly it was actually fairly convenient and sam and i could go get drunk at any number of and and not have to worry about driving home . my little brother i d been with keeping an eye on had also been surprisingly easy to deal with . he mostly kept to himself just watching twitch and . i m not sure he even really he was no longer in the . it to be all the same to him . had gone back to her usual self a few terse once a week or so just to make sure we still . usually just a couple . the last one had just been how s ? i in kind . he s fine . she t bother following up . sam and i had met a couple people . the first one had come through her community and he had us to a few more like minded . and that is how we found ourselves heading on the bus to house . he had for us to meet up with an acquaintance of his at his place just outside of the city proper . i had to admit the german countryside was beautiful once we were out of downtown . far greener than that s certain . if only it t for all the noise of the ambulance it would have been perfect . this woman is us . we could afford it so i t had a problem with giving it a try but i had made no secret of my . maybe . sam admitted . it had been a dubious tale . supposedly this emma we were meeting with could bring people into the spirit world . some kind of psychic or something . but she was charging us for the service it was apparently her business which only my skepticism further . also apparently only certain people could pass over but of course she d be charging us for the service whether it worked out or not . i t have high . but had sworn she could actually do it . he to have been to the other side himself . we t known him very long so it was anyone s guess if he was trustworthy . his house was pretty nice though like an old style thing two with a steeply sloped roof and and a nice bit of property around it . his son and daughter were outside when we finished walking from the bus stop . hey there ! they t seem to react to sam or me for that matter . it was like we t even there . the doorbell was rung and his wife . or at least i assumed it was . i t remember her name and recall being a bit embarrassed but sam had my back . good to finally meet you . they and a few and she us both inside . it was rustic definitely different than the cheap stucco or glass faced of the southwest . they had an old piano in the corner of the living room where had led us . do you play ? i supposed sam was just trying to make nice conversation i d never seen her express interest in music before . no it was my mother s . sometimes the little poke around on it a bit but we don t really keep it well tuned . her was flawless despite her thick accent . just like her husband . i t imagine being able to speak multiple so well . apparently her husband spoke three fluently . made me feel a little in retrospect . she a lot like you don t you think ? sam whispered to me when she t looking . like me ? odd thought i certainly t see it at the time . up shortly after we had found the . he already knew we were from the few times we had met up in the city and he had a handful of for us all . it was still pretty early in the day but they t seem to flinch even with the around . a different culture i suppose . i t about to complain . emma me she s on her way . in the i been dying to ask you more about some of the you seen . every time we spoke i to giggle at his north german accent as a dumb it like something right out of a movie . i my tongue . we them with some of our tales and . eventually the took notice after coming back inside and i had to be a bit more careful to make sure we stayed on a child friendly trajectory . the young boy especially interested once he what we were . what are your ? sam and i i t even thought to . the boy t hesitate . . sam extended her hand and he took a quick shake . his sister more reserved hanging in the background . she nervous around . her mother . it s alright come say hello . the young girl but stayed outside of arms reach . hi . the young girl nervously sam after she said it . she t have been older than seven or eight . so is it true ? to struggle with for a moment . like you said ? the boy to get back on topic . i had seen him listening in for the last ten or so . i since sam was predisposed . i don t know if they were but like i said they were some sort of shadowy people . i really had no idea how to qualify them . dad saw . he . his was a bit broken but for his young age was impressive given how little german i knew by comparison . at this point basically none . the doorbell rang and said something i t understand which the to scurry away . got the door and there was a quick exchange between them just out of sight . of course i t understand it either . but quickly she found her way into the common area where we had all been . i was when i saw her . i had been some old lady maybe with a tarot or whatever the used in these . emma like she was maybe in her early . she was wearing a clean suit and besides a modest purse t seem to have anything else with her . certainly not what i from a so psychic . and beyond that she was absolutely gorgeous . to a degree that i actually had to be careful not to gawk . i sam to death but sometimes it is hard not to just . . . acknowledge beauty when you see it . fortunately once we got to talking it easy enough to ignore . we had much to discuss i d come to discover . it off as just some small talk between us all but her husband away about thirty or so later once we had all become properly acquainted . they spoke in unknowable on a couch across the room . leaving us with this emma . so i did some homework . emma . after sam me to your community . she was looking at sam in an odd way as she said it . or was she looking at me ? i think this is going to go very well based on some of your . she went on . what you think that ? i . and were chatting quietly in german on the sofa across the chamber but i could tell they were both listening in . because you already been to the other side . i t really understand . but sammy to have a clue . you mean with the dog ? emma . i that place like i had just been there yesterday . that bizarre monster with of in that little house . the lonely creature was burned into my mind . i to get a headache just thinking about it . you probably want to know how i m so sure ? emma added . i t gotten that far yet i had just been considering for a painkiller . sam took the bait though . how do you know ? emma out her phone and scrolled through to the bit i had out after our expedition in s house . where i had written about my experience being transported into that strange version of the residence . she a particular section . it was the part where i was how the darkness to flow in through the window as though it was light . how i could see through it despite its apparent blackness . and the black sun from which it . i forgot about my pain for a moment . you been there ? she . do you want to go back ? you can do that ? sam . emma just and for sam to come closer . and continued just watching from afar . i recall feeling a bit uneasy at that moment . i t actually sure i did want to go back to that place even if it were possible . i supposed it t dangerous when i had first been there but there was something intensely unsettling about it . i t quite put my finger on what the feeling was though which it brought to mind . i guess in retrospect it was almost like intimacy ? like it was a place that in me in my own head . i can t explain it but i thought of again . that monster that itself writhing in the corner of her home in the darkness . there was something so familiar about . my head . i suppose my own curiosity was than my displeasure though . i t say a word as i snapped out of my to find that emma was already sam as to how this would go down . she was on her in front of the so psychic holding both of her . would have been nice for me to have been paying attention i guess . i tried to catch up . so remember it feel like you are falling into water . don t worry even though it seem like it you won t drown . just take a deep breath before i count to three . sam surprisingly relaxed . i felt the sudden need to intervene realizing that if anything this woman was saying was true she might disappear again into that strange place . although . . . it unlikely i would think someone who could make people disappear would make international news . but like the crying lady i had seen a lot so it was hard to know . are you ready sam ? she gave the affirmative . close your then . don t forget to take a deep breath . sam did and emma counting down . there was something almost hypnotic about her voice i admit . and his wife continued to just watch eagerly or otherwise . i supposed they had done this before as well . three sam took another breath for good measure . two one nothing . emma a moment and then spoke . you can open your . her snapped open . oh wow . sam stood up and around . i tried to read her expression . she sort of around a bit . hello ? she was talking at nothing . can you all hear me ? is anyone there ? i can hear you just fine . i . emma gave me a raised eyebrow and a bit of a smile . she can t hear you though . then how could she hear you ? when you told her to open her ? i retorted . i walk in both . sammy to wander the house and we all took to our to follow her . she oblivious to our presence . except for emma who she occasionally spoke to . what s with this dark light anyways ? she eventually as she one of the . emma had something of an answer it . it s the light of a reality we choose not to see it t darkness . it is the light that the we want to hide from . our true . she the poetic for a moment . that dark thing it only in you . it was weird that nobody else to really react to anything she was saying . sam made her way outside through the back door and just up at the sky for a while . she t appear to be looking at anything but i knew what she was staring at . i d seen the black sun myself . i had to say something . emma sam can t hear me you said ? she . can i go in with her ? is that possible ? she pierced me with her and . give me your . i m going to count down from three . i the rest of her from when she had given them to sam . i took a deep breath and closed my as soon as she . two one open your . and just like that there i was . in black puss . i trying to find myself and it took awhile to realize that my were clear and it had all been . perhaps ? i could see sam under the dark illumination of the cancerous black orb in the sky the antithesis of light across everything . she had done it somehow . she had sent us both back to this place again . sam quickly took notice of my presence . ? she ran over and gave me a hug . it s incredible t it ? i wait here for you so often . what a strange thing to say . i t help but notice that i could still see emma standing just where she had been watching over us . but everyone else was gone . it essentially was the same house as far as i could tell . from the outside at least . even under the light of the reverse star which stripped the color from everything it was clearly the identical location we had just been in . the same steep house the same green yard the same and garden . emma ? i t quite sure yet what my actual question was . i had so many . yes ? where are we ? like what is this place really ? i wish i could tell you . the best i can say is it is the truth that in all of us . the dream that hidden when we wake . it was a far more enigmatic answer than i had been for . it certainly t feel like a dream . she over to sammy and i . i think we should go back now . wait i m not ready . sam . don t worry i have a feeling this won t be the last time you all find your way here . before sam could protest further emma took each of our mine in her left and sam s in her right . and before i could even react we were back outside again under the normal light of a normal sun . we dinner that evening with the emma stayed as well . now that my disbelief had been the got very interesting . i to know everything she knew and she to know a lot . my first time was life . had apparently been there many times now according to his story . something of my father still here and thanks to emma i get to see him sometimes . again i thought of the beast . did he still look like your father or like something else ? it was a rather direct and blunt question one i could have probably worded a bit more cautiously . fortunately he to be with it . no . he . i why that might be . and i something else as well . emma why t sam disappear when she crossed over ? of her vanishing in s house filled my mind past my head . she a tad confused for a second . nobody ever . not for me at least . later she added i actually was you two might be able to explain that to me i thought it might have been hyperbole the way you wrote about it . we went on to explain everything that had with and the whole disappearing dog incident in much greater detail . i tried my best to faithfully communicate whatever i could and emma interested in every nuance . i t help but notice at this point that had been surprisingly quiet this whole time . i m not sure exactly what first brought it to my attention but once i had it it more and more apparent . she really uncomfortable . i guess she had the whole time . the evening wound down and we went to go catch the bus home after saying our . it had been an interesting evening definitely worth the small fare it had cost to get out of the city . there was a lot to think about and digest . we never made it on that bus though . as we for it s arrival up . i t her as she but once she was close it clear who it was . oh hey going into the city ? i not really thinking too hard about it . i need to talk to you two . can we go somewhere private ? i t sure if this was the last bus for the evening . i supposed i could check the but i was pretty eager to get home . sam accepted on both of our behalf to no surprise on my part . i t really get a say in it . we to a nice park a few away and sat with on a bench . it t well lit but somehow felt than the odd place we d been just that day . i could tell there was distress in the woman and apparently sam could as well . what s wrong ? she . are you ? crying . i don t know what to do . she t explain though . unsure how to proceed i just a question . about what ? emma . she s always there . always watching me . i t really get it but she . she in the corner of the bedroom while i sleep . and the can t see her most of the time . she the sweat of her away . i m sorry i know this crazy . perhaps but not as crazy as the world of darkness sam and i had found ourselves in so i was prepared to give her the time of day . there s something else . she about in her purse for a moment before a bit of old paper . it was a photograph . it like some old instant photo from an early camera . just a simple shot of a young woman . the resemblance was striking . it was the psychic . but it so old . sam had something to query . is this her ? is this emma ? just a nod and then she was my husband s first lover i suppose . or was . back when they were in university . it weird that they d still be inviting her into their home if that were the case . she t aged a day . sam . once she said it it was plain as day . sam at me and then at . she t she ? it was stated as a question yet from the expression on it t really need an answer . she anyway . no . she s real . what are you saying then ? she s always there somewhere . watching me and the . she . i think there were ? she continued . sometimes it will be from the back seat of a passing car or bus . sometimes a window . sometimes right in the room . she . hey it s . you can talk to us . i t even the woman was starting to tear up again until sam had said the . but you were talking to her when you her in . why did you even have to invite her in ? i . i talk to her all the time . it s hard to avoid her . she comes in all the time . she tried to pull herself together . i m sorry i don t know what i am for . but i guess i just hoped maybe you two would know something . i t sure what she was for either . that last bit me up . like how to get rid of her ? is she you ? how to help her . she s trapped . she to watch me . it s her job . to help her ? i m sorry i don t really know anything about this sort of thing . i could tell she was disappointed as i spoke but it was the truth . i t the clue what any of this was about . we help her . sam so matter of fact as she said it . just like her to offer to do something neither of us had any idea about . when we went home that night we had to come back the next day . there was no plan just some phantom hope that maybe we could figure something out ? i t really sure what we were even trying to do . but when i woke up the next morning something was wrong . it took me way longer than it should have to recognize it as i into the bathroom like a zombie to shower and brush my teeth . everything was colorless . i peaked back out of the bathroom and saw the light coming through the antique apartment s window . i t to see that it t light but of shadow laying the whole place in permeable darkness . somehow i was back in that strange space again . a world under the black sun . sam ? i t see her anywhere . she can hear you but you can t see her . i nearly when i the voice . it was emma of course . emma . you the out of me . just say something to her . i tried but i t . i m not sure why . it had so easy before . go look in the closet . in your bedroom . it was an unusual request . what the hell are you doing in my apartment ? why am i here again ? everything so . just go look . not really knowing what else to do i made a face and went to my bedroom . my hand met the handle on the closet . it such a petty request and yet i had the feeling i t going to like whatever she was about to show me . i the closet door . nope . i closed it again immediately and then turned back toward emma wild eyed . what the ? what the did i just see ? i was losing my . what the ! you know what you saw . i was pretty sure i t though . i did know i it . in fact i was quite sure at that point i to stop my appointment to get my head checked out . i was definitely losing my mind . i t get the image out of my brain . please just send me back i don t want to be here . it was the only thing i to ask of her as i backed away from what was behind that horrific door . . i can help you . but i need your help in return . why do i need your help ? i . the image of what was in that closet just t go away . really i knew what it was i just had trouble it . it was something that i know will haunt me until the day i die . probably soon . she s trying to get rid of me . . sam . you . please don t help her . she genuine . and even in this black and white world she was still . i don t know why but i felt to help her . i m just trying to help you . she went on . i know you re . but help her how ? i now had two conflicting . i to know more . why is she trying to get rid of you ? a logical starting point . i had to interrupt my own question though . i m sorry you know what i can t do this . you have to tell me what the that was i just saw . no explanation no help . no help is all i m for . she . don t help her . i was about to say something else but she all of the sudden . sam s calling them . . she touched me and in an instant i was back in the normal version of the apartment . sam was already on the phone with someone and emma was nowhere to be seen . yes he s just been wandering around and talking to nobody . based on what he s saying he to be talking to someone emma ? i don t know what he s doing . sam . i said it softly as i her and she relieved . she a few brief after she saw me . he s snapped out of it i think thank you let me call you back in a bit . she hung up a second later and gave me a hug . dan you had me worried sick . what s going on are you ? it was emma you re right . she came here . she me something and for a favor . i t exactly sure how to explain it but i tried . she us not to help . she t want to go away . i t read sam but the blankness she wore worried me a bit . i think we should find out more before proceeding . i went on . i t sure what we were proceeding toward anyways but i said it regardless . it s hard to know who to trust . i don t want to go away either . . what are you talking about ? what was i talking about ? my head was starting to throb again . i think i need to lay down . i m sam . i t sure why i said it . maybe it was because of what i had seen in that closet . i don t know . i don t remember anything that after that until i woke up under a new sun so bright it nearly burned out my . after they though i it for what it was . a lamp pointed right at my face . where was i ? the gave it away though as well as the . i was in some kind of hospital or emergency room . i tried to speak but no were produced . i could hear chattering all around me but no meaning was found in any of it . and my head it hurt so badly . after a while i the around me were all german . no wonder i t understand them . i think someone tried to talk to me but i don t remember what they said or if it was even in . eventually it all to fade again and the color drained from the room . everyone slowly ephemeral and then nonexistent . but emma was there . in her light blue nurse s smock her smile only visible through her gaze . where am i ? i to be able to find my voice again . you know where you are . i was sure i t . or maybe i did ? what s happening to me ? something about her threw me off . it was almost like staring into my own reflection some phantasm of narcissism looming above me as i laid on that hospital table . i guess i did know where i was . do you know why the sun black ? i t and t sure it was the most pressing question at the time . instead i what to me . where s sam ? she s here . where ? i t see her . i t see much . she s always with you . do you know why the sun black ? i guess i t . why ? it the reality of the world . your world . the hopelessness you feel illuminated by the bleakness of its light . it so incomprehensible . i t feel hopeless did i ? i just want to see sam . she s waiting for you . she s never left your side . . and then the dark world turned to nothing . i awoke at some point later alone in an inpatient room somewhere . still presumably based on the nonsensical i to keep hearing coming from the hallway . nonsensical for me at least . my head still hurt . i there a while as nothing to happen and considered just getting up and leaving if such a thing were possible . but a nurse or doctor came in before i had the thought . he over and to check some before i was awake . he said something in german and then corrected himself upon seeing i had no idea what he had just spoken . how do you feel ? i had to be honest i felt like . i could be better like someone took an axe to my head . yes that is to be . i can get you some more morphine . he left shortly after . i t really sure what was going on . he left as quickly as he had come . hey love . i the voice immediately . sam ! she was there next to me . thank god you re here . what s going on ? what to me ? it be . they got some of the best in the world . it be . for some reason she like my in that moment . i can t explain it . but it was my i was on the phone . where had sam gone ? everything was so and the feeling like someone was trying to crack open my skull just t go away . i desperately tried to look for sam as the or whoever they were another dose of some chemical into the little bag they had left inserted into my arm . i was out like a broken . and i . a beautiful shape vomiting and . climbing out of the darkness of some forgotten mine trying to find itself under the hopeless black sun . walking toward the of a jeep walking toward the only light it could see . i was the one looking into those . desperately trying to escape that dreary place . looking for someone anyone who might be able to help me . to comfort me in my time of need . but the jeep drove away leaving me alone with only as my company . every day was another loop in the hallway the endless repetition of coming and going . the same empty room repeated ad . the same would leave only to reappear . questionable old men peaking in with questionable and to tell me i d go to a better place . and every moment a hope or dream . there one moment then gone only to reappear somewhere new . all the i had ever had to vanish by the eternal darkness . but i t give up the hope and they had to return . they had to . i t give up the idea . maybe i could escape the black sun . maybe i could see the light of the real sun one more time . just one more time . i have a friend i know that much . but i can t remember who it is . i can recall and of it but it is difficult . even as i write these it is hard to know what was real . perhaps very little . sam returned though . i am thankful for that . she s the friend i have . maybe my only friend ? no i think there is another one though . when my mother t come see me before the surgery he was there . by my side . i wish had been courageous enough to tell him how i felt before all of this . silly me i had thought i had all the time in the world . yes it s starting to come back . illuminated under that dreadful dark star . i had wasted half a lifetime from my . half a lifetime . maybe all of it . sam ? i . yes ? i m here . i m going to die t i ? i t sure i to know the answer . but i anyways . probably . i m sam . i am too . she . is here ? i hopefully . no he left a few ago . but he be back before the surgery . i was glad to hear that . it frightened me i t want to be alone . i had almost told them not to do it but i know i have no choice . a slim chance of survival or an assured chance of death . sam . i said . do you think me ? i t sure i to know . the of had my hair to fall out and i could hardly even stand to look at myself . there was no way he could love some monster like me . i think he does . i . i hoped i was right . i think so too . i . the surgery was for tomorrow . it was why i was here i . one of the only for such an invasive procedure . i won t deny it the out of me . i out my and writing again . it was time to go back with him one more time . back to the beginning of it all at least as i had it . at least as i it . chester mine . i had run away from myself but this was my last chance to look myself in the eye and tell myself what i had always really been from . i am not a coward . i don t need to be ashamed of who i am . maybe i die tomorrow . maybe i won t . maybe i go blind like they said i probably will . or maybe this will all just be a bad dream in the end . it t matter . maybe those mines never . i know they ' t . but they me get through the period in my life . maybe was never really my . i know he ' t . but he me get through the period in my that dark place deep in country deep in my imagination under that black sun is something beautiful . maybe it even of the inevitability of death . rotting in a forgotten place . but it ' s still me . and these are my for what little they may be worth . sometimes i remember that . i am sam and i will never let the despair steal my hope . pray for me . tomorrow will be a difficult day . my name is l . . here ' s the story of the user " travelingisfun ' . ever of the user who goes by the name " travelingisfun ' ? i bet you haven ' t . the government it locked up . they have to . if anyone found out what to travelingisfun we ' refer to him as traveling it ' t be a good site for the government or police not that the police would even be able to lose any more reputation in . if you came to this thread a complete answer to what to traveling i can ' t give it to you . and i don ' t mean that the government gave me a few million to shut my trap about it . i mean i literally can ' t give it to you because i don ' t know the full story of what to traveling . all i knew was he was a who would take up that would even mean his life . this place on a which since been removed . on the you could give people and anyone who would post a comment on the thread would have to do the challenge . this was definitely traveling ' s favorite thing to do . it with stuff like " pinch yourself ' or " slap yourself ' to " lick the toilet bowl and " slap your ' s ' . one day though there was another user i sadly ' t able to get the name of the user who would post the and people thought he was just a regular . oh how they were wrong . . . one day the posted a thread with just to a place in . " probably " i thought when i saw the thread for the first time . that ' s probably what traveling thought too but he was too prideful to not take up the challenge . from what i ' he lived somewhere in so it ' t too bad a drive but still who the knew where it went ? traveling made a thread saying that he ' d start traveling no pun intended to the in a day and that he ' d post the he saw . when traveling went the first day he just posted his drive . all the really were were just the countryside and the occasional store building . traveling kept at this for about before he . he posted a few more with the ranging from stuff like " i ' got i ' m so excited ! " to " this ' t feel right but that we ' re on the right track huh ? " . when traveling got to the about an hour later he said it like a bunch of . this is when the in . . . " i never thought anyone would come . . . well go into the there ' s a reward waiting for you ! " the . this confused traveling as he thought the were where it ended . but since this ' t the end of the challenge he told himself that he must keep going . and so he went into the dark like darkness snatching light . the had a lot of pine that ranged from around ft to ft . it was like walking through a twisted forest . traveling kept walking for a little bit posting his when he saw a dead body strung up and skinned to a tree . " w what the is that thing ! " traveling thought . it was horrific . what was happening right now . . . he took a picture of it posted it to and had a slight thought that this could be a crazy cult and that he should get out of the forest right there and then . he kept walking a little more alert now when he a twig snapping . he thought of it as a deer walking across the night sky . he now it it was night . how long had he been walking when he the forest it was p . m . what was it now ? he checked his watch and it read p . m . " holy ? ! " traveling said out loud . he kept walking though to get to his " reward " and he saw another body skinned just like the other one . but this one . . . fresh . it too new . it also had on it spray painted in red or was that spray paint ? he had no idea and he ' t want to know either . he up to the body and it read " you should ' never come here . the reward is death . run . " and as soon as he read the last word he saw through the darkness they slowly crept out showing about or dozen people with and even fleshing . he knew it now . it was clear . it was than day . this . was . a . cult . they running at traveling . as soon as it he went into fight or flight mode and chose flight . he ran faster than light running for his life . what other choice did he have ? he was running and the were screaming . what was happening and why ' d he go here . . " god help me ! " he thought as he ran . there were being thrown at him now and shot . luckily no hit him . unluckily a knife was able to land its sharp tip into his left shoulder . the pain so was bad he tried to run but ' t . traveling was and beat the cult posted of his beat up body on his account . i ' found one thing about the user travelingisfun . i ' found his name . his name is . l . . if i can remember correctly i ' been here for . i was able to swipe my phone back when one of the left it unguarded i and they ' t believe me . they thought it was a prank . help me . the name ' s . nowadays i live with my husband and our baby boy in a log cabin in the countryside . we ' re not cut off from civilization by any but when you live further out you ' re bound to see some strange . the further you are the it and my family always on that very border between normal and up . i ' d be lying if i said it had never been a strain on me . i grew up in a complicated household . my broke up with my dad because it turns out he ' s a serial killer and a few later a guy by the name of carl . sad thing was my dad came back around and sliced old carl ' s throat open . a few more later when my was finally over the grieving she met and later on married another guy who also went by the name of carl . i the first carl more than i like the second carl but so long as my ' s happy it ' s none of my business in the end . but as i said real complicated household that one . i guess i should start by one of the most nerve wrecking of my life which coincidentally will also be very telling about my home . so when i was nineteen there was an unexpected addition to the family . buck . he out as a helping hand around the cabin . he up a frightened mess of a boy of about the same age as me and carl the second for a job . we took him in at first just for one night so he could tell us where in god ' s green earth he ' d come from . i don ' t think i ' ever forget how he sat there completely from the rain outside with a blanket wrapped around him and a cup of steaming hot tea in his shaking . " there ' s been an outbreak on a farm up north " he his voice quivering . " huh . anybody left alive ? " carl almost casually . " no sir . even the are dead . nothing moving up there . " he into his cup with glazed . " at least not yet . " " so how ' d you survive ? " my mother sounding much more concerned than her husband . " wait there ' s no chance you brought it with you is there ? " i ' t sitting right beside him or anything but i still away only to scoot closer again when he shook his head . " no ma ' am . ' t even get close to any . they sent me into the to grab some they ' d left there the other day . it ' d take a while finding them anyways so i took my rifle with me . figured i ' d hunt me some lunch . either way i get the shoot a rabbit and go back . was gone for like five in total . so i come back to the farm and i i just saw it and ran . my rifle on the way . " " where ' s your at though ? " i in . he ' t respond merely turned his head to shoot me a quick glance before lowering it again . i understood . carl deeply . " that we take action . sure we could let them stumble around til they drop dead like we did last time but i don ' t want none of them coming down here . better safe than sorry . " " you don ' t really go up there do you ? " i at him in disbelief . " not just me . we ' re all going . except of course . " he over at my mother . buck deeply unsettled . i could tell that just the thought of to the farm made him uncomfortable . " can i please stay here sir ? i won ' t mess up anything in here please i just " " sorry boy but i ' m afraid you ' re have to lead the way . " so he did . apparently he had all the way out from the down to our cabin in his distress . it was quite a hike especially with all of the gear carl had us take along . of course it ' s never smart to go to the site of an outbreak unarmed so i understood him us carry . what you have to understand about is that they can easily be with the right . a shot to the head or a heavy blow to the skull is usually enough . the target is always the brain since this is what them stumbling around despite their being . " sorry about your or whatever you had up there " i told him in a low voice as carl was walking ahead and was out of earshot at the time . " it ' s all right . " he let out a dry chuckle . " this is weird and i don ' t know why i ' m telling you this . don ' t think me cold or anything but i don ' t feel it yet . like the grief . " " it ' set in later probably . you ' re in shock " i . " i feel fine though . just empty . my ' s dead and i " " you said there ' s ? " " yeah . so i ' never even seen my dad . lived with my and my aunt and uncle . and their of course . they used to call me a bastard . i mean it ' s true technically but " " it ' s fine i understand . will you miss them at all ? " i my voice soft . " well they ' t deserve to die but i can ' t say i will . no need to lie now is there ? " i him to be as honest as he to . he to take it as an attempt at moral support but to be frank i was actually trying to make him more comfortable around me so he ' d speak up about i ' t know what just yet but i was certain he was something . the only person to survive an outbreak is usually not the most virtuous one . i ' t think him a killer he ' t look the part . he was actually quite nice looking with his wavy brown hair and all . he kind and unassuming . i ' t about to judge someone this suspicious by their appearance though . once we were out of the buck took over the lead again . after an hour more of walking we on a large farmstead with a few adjacent which buck told us was his family ' s property . i had seen the effects of an outbreak before at that point . still a lump had formed in my throat as i the oddly quiet . there was something about them that put me off . perhaps it was because i knew what these were or simply the darkness that had settled over their . there ' t a single sound coming from there i ' t hear or or which is usually what i would have around a place like this . i over at buck who was hugging his own . " cold ? " i . he shivering . it was still so i gave him my scarf and told him to wrap it around his head . he did and it ridiculous but he to be grateful nonetheless . either he was a really good actor or i had been too rash in him of any wrongdoing . still i ' t like that carl the second had given him a gun . " so where do we get in ? " carl . buck led us up to the front of the large farmhouse . we up the to the porch only to find that the door had been left open a crack . " i ' t close it all the way when i left . good thing too i don ' t think i could have any . least we ' be able to get in again . " carl and it open fully with his foot a loud noise the motion . inside there was nothing but darkness . in any other situation i would have gladly gotten out of the rain but knowing what could be waiting in that house i would have preferred getting . " ladies first " carl said for me to go inside . " what ? wait " buck . " are you really just send in your daughter before you ? " " first off he ' s not my father and secondly it ' s not as surprising as you think . last week he damn near trying to chase off a racoon " i interrupted him . " those carry rabies . go in there now they won ' t find any brains worth eating in your head " carl . buck past him and stepped inside . he around for a bit and then the came on . looking over his shoulder and nodding for us to follow him . i ' t feel good walking through that door but i was so angry at carl i just to get away from him . the air inside was weird . the door had been open so of course it was pretty cold but the breeze that came with the rain had not been enough to cleanse the house of the smell of rot . once an outbreak the matter affected will immediately start to decay the process being sped up immensely . i softly and buck shot me a concerned look . he ' t appear too comfortable himself though . " so where ' s the ? " i him . " when i came home my was lying on the floor in the kitchen . it ' s right around the corner there . " " after you . " i him him to move . he reluctantly further down the corridor . i him into what to be a living room . no television though . " got no signal out here or are your the anti electricity kind ? " " what do you mean ? " " i don ' t see a anywhere . or a radio even " " preachy . the preachy kind . " i . we did have a lot of those around at the time . i guess we still do . they ' re all from the cult that ' s settled further up north in the area over a hundred ago . i don ' t know what they ' re about exactly seeing as i ' never had more than a handful of short with a few single of theirs but i know some of their simple basic . no television no no and no booze . knowing buck was a son of former made me even more wary of him . " can you even read then ? since i figure you don ' t have either . " buck shot me a slightly embarrassed glance . " are you stalling time so we don ' t make it to the kitchen or something ? " " no . just curious about you . keep walking right ahead . so can you ? " he . " i ' been to school you know . so yes what about you ? " i ' t miss his undertone . i felt a bit sorry i had been condescending to him . " you bet . i even won a spelling bee or two in elementary " i with a grin . that was a joke of course i had never experienced any form of success in school . it to help though buck and shook his head before finally moving on to the kitchen . it was too dark to see anything in there so he to grope around for the . he eventually found it and a large lamp dangling from the ceiling came flickering to life . the first thing i laid on was the pool of blood on the tiled floor . it ' t have been very large originally but it had been smeared all over the place . i thought i could spot small of torn skin or maybe even flesh somewhere within the mess . it ' t pretty . what was worse though was that while there were obvious of a corpse been there there was no body to be found . " we ' re too late " buck . when i turned to him i found that his indifference had been with a mixture of horror and regret . " i thought we could put another bullet in her head before she ' d " his voice broke off . " i ' t have ran away i should have just finished her before going anywhere now she ' s " he lost himself in a fit of tiny hysterical . " here comes the grief see ? nothing wrong with you like i said " i told him his shoulder in an attempt to cheer him up . it ' t helping but we had no time to care . i turned around to carl only for my heart to drop when i found he ' t behind us . i cursed under my breath before calling out his name . no reply . " we ' got to get back outside " i not waiting for buck to answer and instead him by the wrist and him after me . suddenly a loud scream rang out from the upper floor . i carl ' s voice instantly . without thinking i the buck following close behind me . " wait ! " he but i ' t listen . i ' t even want to imagine what would say if i were to come back without her husband . i out my step father ' s name only to receive another scream in response . " the bedroom ! " buck panting . " it ' s to the left ! " i ' t need his . the in the bedroom were on and i could see carl backing off through the doorway . " get out ! " he ordered the door shut behind him . " it ' s in there ! " i ' t need to ask what . he ' t holding his gun i past him . " come back ! " carl . " there ' s one in there you hear ? " i could hear a loud unearthly gurgle coming from behind the closed door . it like a person choking on something but i knew that ' t true . i had them before and i had their helpless as well . my heart was pounding in my chest i raised the handgun . " get the boy outside ! " i not turning to look back at carl . " ! " he . " get him the hell outside ! " i stepping forward and taking just one hand off the weapon to pull the door open . with it someone came staggering into the hallway . or rather something . i had it to come out the second the wood separating it from us would yield and backwards . i blinked against the sudden brightness but now there was enough light streaming in through the doorway for me to aim at the head of the undead man . i the trigger . the thing fell limp with a last distorted cry . its body hit the floor with a thump its neck cracking as it connected with the ground . i ' t have time to examine the corpse . if what buck had said was correct there had to be in there . i my sweat laced on my jeans and to look around . i kept my gun halfway raised as i open the nearest door . it had not been shut completely and swung open with a creak . my breath caught in my throat i into the dark room . instead of sticking my hand in to look for a i first . all was silent . when i finally the courage to turn on the light i found the room empty . it like a ' s bedroom . there was not a trace of blood or stray tissue to be seen . relieved my and i went about the rest of my search with a tad bit more confidence . i into every room i could find . i upon small of death a speckle of blood here a clump of torn out hair there but there were no more . i eventually gave up and went to retrieve carl ' s shotgun . he had it on the floor of the room he had that first zombie in . i to pick it up at first but to my dismay it had of red all over it . carl ' t to be injured when i ' d seen him come out so it had to have been the zombie ' s . i left it there . you don ' t want to mess with possibly stuff . waste of a good weapon . staring at the various i suddenly had an idea . i rushed back into the kitchen to take another look at the chaos in there . i don ' t know how i could have them at first but there were of blood on the floor leading from the spot buck ' s mother had been lying in all the way out to the door . it like she had been dragged outside . if i ' t mistaken the same thing had to the other deceased of the family . reassured that there was nothing left for me to do i buck and carl outside . they had been waiting on the porch carl looking a lot more patient than buck . the latter was to and fro and when i out to them his head up and he ran up to me . for a moment i thought he was going to try and hug me but he quickly his arms and came to a halt in front of me . " thank god you ' re " he . " what were you doing ? he could ' " " was he your uncle ? " i interrupted him . he . " he ' s dead for good now . this ' t over though . " i shot carl a swift glance . he was glowering at me . that explaining anything to him would be a waste of time and effort i turned to face buck again . " we need to talk you and me . " wail from down the hall the silence and me awake . i lay in bed for a moment willing the crying to stop that the baby had finally learned how to self soothe and settle back to sleep . it t yet and as the ticked by without a break in the screaming it clear that it t going to happen now . i myself up on my and swung my onto the floor . my husband under the but as always he t wake up . he the sleep anyway . he had me time and time again that he had to wake up at to go to work in the morning while i could stay home with the baby and sleep in . not that ever slept past anyway . she always woke up before the outside the nursery window had switched off for the day . before leaving the bedroom i the bathrobe off its hook on the back of the door . it was always freezing in the baby s room . i t entirely sure why . it could be because of the big window in the east wall of the nursery the one that would be in pink and orange light by the time i finished feeding and dressing the baby . it probably was the window . but something inside me t entirely convinced . for a few days right after was born she had slept in a bassinet in the bedroom with us . those days had in a sleepless haze . it was such a shock getting used to another tiny person in the house and not kicking around inside of my belly . through the dull fog of those early days i mostly just feeling tired feeling sore especially around my and always always feeling cold . in the beginning my husband had to keep the baby in the bedroom with us . he used to get up with the baby too back then . once or twice i waking up to hear him rocking back to sleep humming softly and from the closet to the foot of the bed . on those nights i would draw the blanket around my shivering body and try to go back to sleep . after about a week though i decided to move our daughter into the nursery at night . something inside me to put some distance between me and the tiny creature i had to attend to at all of the day and night . initially my husband had lightly but soon he was sleeping through the entire night ignorant to the coming from down the hall . so here i was again tonight like every night making my way all alone down the hallway to my daughter s nursery . as i came up to the crib i wrapped my bathrobe more tightly around myself . the had mostly stopped and my daughter was now wide awake and staring up at me . it was a bit odd really to think of a baby that had so recently been inside my belly as something that could stare at you . most t really have an attention span . they could focus on something for a few before some other need would pop into their unformed infant . but she would stare . when going to the pediatrician s office the and would marvel at how she was the most alert baby any of them had ever seen . she would watch unblinking as were in front of her and she d turn her head toward whoever was speaking at the time . as her mother of course i was that my daughter was so advanced for her age . i was told that there might even be very early of genius . this was all excellent news . however right now in the dark cold midmorning before the turned on and before the world woke up and when i was all alone in the world with my baby i had to admit that i mostly found it unsettling . sometimes i would be cooking dinner waiting for my husband to get home from work and i would feel my daughter s on my back . i would set up in her baby seat with its musical mobile turning merrily over her head . but instead of watching the yellow and purple spinning just out of reach would be watching me . she would stare quietly without moving a muscle until a timer went off or a pot boiled over that forced my attention back to supper . i was staring like that now her clear blue standing out in sharp contrast to the grey crib sheet she was laying on . they were beautiful and so different from my husband s and my dark brown . it was peaceful now in the quiet dawn of the nursery although there did seem to be a draft somewhere that made it seem chilly to the master bedroom . i brought over to the rocking chair in the corner of the room down the neck of my nightgown so that the baby could nurse . as we settled in for the feeding i that today was and that my husband t have to go in to work . i was excited for a minute until i that he was going on a fishing trip with his all day . we had about this trip . i tried to convince him to spend the day with me and the baby but he kept that he some time to unwind and reconnect with his until finally i was too tired to argue . i m always tired these days . was done nursing now and was looking up at me with her cyan . she never cried or when i was in the nursery with her . she would scream and scream when she me from another room but the second i in the screaming would stop and my daughter would just watch me . through feeding bathing she t make a sound laying back placidly as those blue tracked my every movement . after the baby s diaper and making sure it was dry i settled back in her crib . i headed down the hall back to the drowsy warm of the master bedroom desperately that i could get another hour or two of sleep . as i settled into bed i tried not to think about the long day that out ahead of me . another day alone with the baby and my daughter s staring . always always watching me . is typically a time for joyous and family bonding this year is anything but . no joy no no no hope . we been in the basement for days now how many i have no idea . no one s coming it s simply a matter of time until it either hungry or we die of dehydration or both . now that you know the situation i m in let me explain how i got here . it s been a rough year my wife s in a car accident in and she t been right since . we been growing ever so distant and i just to rekindle the burning passion we once . when i saw the ad for available in the of park i t even look at the price . this would be a way for me to truly get the love of my life back . it was everything i d and more . remote location away from all the hustle and bustle of . blanketed white from the snowfall the massive cabin a huge fireplace and surprisingly a basement . my wife was with the place she was immensely in love with nature it had been so long since i d seen her astonishing smile . little did we know that our happiness would soon be the last we d ever feel . xb as an avid reader i was that the cabin was with a library and by i do mean . there were surprisingly only . . the . the creature . the battle . this was one of the most bizarre of i d ever seen . no no author no information . curiosity got the better of me and i open to the first page of book the . i was there to be a company or some information on the book but all i found was of text in . i took in high school because i already spoke and mandarin was just not it . i t great at i just the trip to at the end of the year . the text roughly into been brought back and now you feel the hate he book was incredibly short it only had about all the other just said the exact same thing . been brought back i thought what the hell does that mean who the hell is and why is his name with two p s it s unnatural . xb by the need for i picked up book the creature . once again i was disappointed but not to see that there was no company or information about the book whatsoever . lengthwise this book was slightly bigger than book but it was only about . the book the lore of a creature that the form as a rich and powerful man . it said that its only purpose is to spread vanity hatred and fear . it on whatever it with of jagged teeth . the book also that when st . was a day for nothing but joy love and selflessness was taken aback . vowed to taint the celebration of all merry with all scary . it was no longer content with simple and occasional of it more power . the creature was given that power by the lord of the underworld himself to disrupt the season . the very first year that creature to disrupt the season would be its last . decided that the best course of action against was to simply destroy st . himself . the attempt was futile st . all that is good he love . was to the omniscient realm where he still well up until that point at least . xb after finishing book i was paranoid and rightfully so . i always been a big believer of the supernatural and beyond our comprehension . i m well versed in all occult as well . my whole life i had been so respectful and careful not to tamper with anything non human . i never did a board no tarot or spirit nothing . the one time i up it a demonic entity back into our realm damn it . i t hesitate for a moment . i hastily flew open book . the battle . by the title i was a way to combat and my intuition was right . the book was significantly than the other two about . still no information about the or how they got here but i t . the book essentially told me that i have unknowingly returned to the earth realm to spread its pent up hatred and anger once more . the battle was what would occur in after the incantation was spoken . according to the book would track down whatever idiot him from his imprisonment . i am that idiot . all hope was not lost though could still be in the same way st . did with love . that is really all it said with love i could defeat . what does that mean though ? do i have to kiss it or something that was so vague how am i supposed to defeat a demon with love ? i t have long until he would arrive for my life . xb i awoke my wife who had been sleeping off the car ride i t even give her a chance to wipe the drool from her face . i just everything as quickly as i could . there was an unknown demon who was coming to kill me and the only way to fight it is with love . i have never seen her laugh so hard . she s many but a believer in the paranormal she is not . a loud bang on the roof her immense laughter and her face turned to stone . our met and she knew that i was serious . without hesitation i her to the basement i had seen . i was able to grab my on the way down . i locked the door and around my for my flashlight . i had intended to use it on a nice sunrise hike not running from a damn demon . we apprehensively on into the darkness of the basement . fumbling around eventually led to my discovery of the light switch . the basement was surprisingly inviting . a game room a bar even a sofa bed . i a decrepit storage space strewn about with but this was a nice surprise . it was as if the put all the in the basement as if they you to stay down there . this was too bizarre for me my wife thought i was insane but i just to leave as soon as possible . i decided to call the police best case scenario i m paranoid and a police officer it to me worst case scenario i get for a false report . xb despite my wife s disapproval i and told them that an armed intruder was in the home and we were in the basement . yes i lied to the police but what was i supposed to say ? a demon from a book i read me dead ? five went by nothing ten nothing i thought surely i was losing my mind . until i another bang this time in the cabin . it like it was most likely on the second floor . my grip around my wife as i my bag for my handgun . i never had to use it but i was more than ready to . heavy made their way onto the first floor . gripping my handgun i hesitantly made my way up the to peek out of the slit under the door . the inched ever so closer my anxiety had never me as much in my life . xb i don t know how long i was staring out of that little space but it felt like . the sound of the was getting and until it in front of the basement door . my heart pounding out my chest my body like never before i my pistol to the door and the safety . i slowly the trigger of the weapon until bang a pounding on the front door ! the creature away from the basement door . park sheriff s office i coming from outside i was saved ! i back down into the basement to grab my wife when i the front door get in by the . we up the and i flung open the door . help i the turned to us with their drawn and said where s the threat ? just then the creature from the balcony on the second floor down onto the three unfortunate . the woman was crushed to death underneath the massive creature s dilapidated boots . the two male were beaten with a switch it carried which was with inch long . i froze in terror the sight of the two getting paired with their ear splitting my system . xb the creature turned to me it was nothing like i had it to be to be fair i d never seen a demon before . it was dressed in and hay an incredibly scarecrow . it had a holster on its back with of sizes . it temporarily left the alone and over to me . it stopped in front of me i at it unable to move a muscle in complete disbelief of what was unfolding before my . suddenly my wife rushed past me and the creature over with a blow from her shoulder . the creature s chest burning and it in pain . with a sudden burst of courage i unloaded my handgun into the creature . nothing my did nothing . we down into the basement the door was locked . the creature and on the police the of breaking and some i can t identify were blood . i don t understand when my wife it it was almost and when i tried it t even . snoring came from upstairs loud snoring . i cautiously the to see that the creature was asleep . i m guessing that it was satisfied with its meal and decided to rest until the next . xb i thought of any possibility of sneaking away while the creature . no luck even if we to escape the creature was able to find us here it would probably be able to hunt me anywhere i go . there we were spending in a basement with a human eating demon waiting for me . of silence were broken when my wife said i know about who ? i i dumb but i knew exactly what she was to . the woman who was there for me when my wife t . i made a mistake i t faithful . i was just so lonely and she told me everything i to hear i just to feel love again . that s how i got into this position my wife me i wish i had her . mention of suicide the chilly morning spring air stung my face as the bus down the dirt path . i slid my hand up the old window s glass and shut it with a few small . around me some with excitement . some sat on their out of boredom . and some wish that their t them up for this field trip . my school finally decided to take us on a trip . it was an optional field trip obviously and most people were busy during spring break so only around dozen were seated on the school bus . for the next hour or two i out the window beside me . blurred by . sunshine crept through the of the dark ominous . the endless out here . i must have dozed off because the next time i my it was midday and the scenery had . the bus was and were shuffling in their longing to get out of the cramped vehicle . an old thin man with a blue vest stood at the front of the aisle . he his throat and the rowdy teens finally down . welcome his gravelly voice out to the wood campground ! his the of disconcertingly . i am . t owner of this campground . as you may know my staff and i have a lot for you all . the next two days will hopefully be a break from those electronics of yours ! the man let out a deep chuckle . on that note i will need all of you to drop off your in the bin next to the outdoor picnic area by tonight . the smile on his face . anybody caught with electronics will immediately be sent home . . t to the bus driver and left the bus . after a couple of he was fully out of eyeshot . the bus driver gave over the now chattering . i can t recall what the driver had said . probably because i t listening . i was too busy worrying about the growing fear in the pit of my stomach . nobody else to see past the facade . the were just to begin the field trip . well everybody except two other seated in the row ahead of me . i believe . their are and . we have history together . had . i think they my dilemma as well . they gave me the look . you know the look ? that look that you d share with your friend when the teacher you get to choose your partner in kindergarten . that look . it t look as innocent as a kindergartener s though . it was filled with fear of an unknown source . i don t know if i returned it . i don t think i ever back . it was and i was in the " cabin . it had been a long day . no matter how weird the this place off are i have to admit it s beautiful . the first thing i saw when i hopped off the bus was a giant circular cabin . it was colored like a typical circus tent and shaped like one too but the material was very visibly wood and the large door was shut . the cabin was dead center of the huge clearing . on every side other than the front a building was . the building on the left was the boy s cabin and the right was the girl s . the building in the very back was the outdoor cafeteria . it a giant patio with a roof . behind that various dirt into the and out of sight . each of the to different . i believe one to an office . . t s office to be exact . back to the cabin it was cold inside . six bunk were against the left and right . there were several sleeping into the corner in case there t enough . i had snuck my phone with me . i m willing to risk being sent home . i out my phone and unlocked it . the familiar background of me and my made me feel sick . homesick . i the web browser and my over the keyboard . campground . i quickly over my shoulder to make sure nobody was awake . everybody was sleeping . we t the entire time . i thought about it when we were put in the same group while but my had gotten the best of me . now she was asleep facing the wall opposite of me . i back at my phone and enter . only two up . the first one was posted a month ago . wood campground shut down and . i only to read the first few to feel my breathing become shallow . wood campground off the map for . no word from the staff owner . it was open a few days ago . . . the second one was posted ten before that . wood campground closed for good ? . this article had the same information as the first one . same data . just ten . i was too tired to put the together . i t have to though . what are you doing ? a voice whispered from behind me . i almost had a heart attack . i my head so i could see who had spoken . i was ready for the worst . it was only though . i could feel the tension in my body loosen . her glossy green at me from across the room . she was sitting on her bed with the strewn across the floor . you have your phone ? her face contorted into something of admiration . or disappointment . it s hard to tell in the dark . something is sketchy about this campground . there is almost no information on it i start . slowly and quietly her way towards me . show me what you found . i m hesitant to hand her my phone . i lent her the small light device . she through the for what like forever . she her nose at what she had just read and at me . so every ten the campground . that s weird . . s around to make sure nobody was watching us . a million rushed through my head that night . why did take that so lightly ? am i being overdramatic ? what if i m wrong and this campground just to not be very well known ? why does everything here give off a horrible aura ? i slept eventually . i had no that night . it was just dark . the next day i got up looking like i t sleep all night . frankly i barely did . i t feel good so i had to stay in the cabin and take a nap . . t reluctantly agreed and gave me that horrible smile . it made me shudder . i t plan on taking nap but my drowsiness got the best of me . this time i had of and fire . i woke up in a cold sweat sometime in the afternoon . i myself only more until i could get out of this hellhole . i lunch against the staff s . they all tired . so did . t . after lunch the went to their to change . something about swimming in the lake . that fear in s was entirely gone . she caught me staring at her and at me briefly . you re being overdramatic . i was nervous at first but i had so much fun here ! you should come to the lake with us . she at me . i t tell if it was sincere . i declined her offer and the look she gave me made me want to crawl under the of my bed and never come out . they eventually left me alone . i considered whether what i was doing was normal . i decided i would talk to the staff about it . they would hopefully just tell me i was . i to calm my somehow . i out of the cabin into the midday sun . i squinted my and for the striking blue uniform all the staff wore . i saw a woman up trash from the cafeteria that had . she was muttering to herself . i her and could see the under her . she gave me a look of confusion . do you need anything ? i m just a bit curious about the history of this place . there t much about it . it t even on the map i nervously . her and behind that glare there was a tint of sadness . regret . guilt . she averted her . i m sorry . i can t help you . the lady turned around and towards the path . i her and out . she sped up and eventually behind the of green and brown . i stopped before the beginning of the path . a few of angry muttering later i turned around and make to the cabin . i onto the bed . well that t help . at around i a loud noise . it like a wrecking ball through some . everybody was dinner at the cafeteria me . the staff t bat an eye but all the were giving each other . . t came rushing from one of the . the same path that the woman took . he speaking over the crowd . all please make your way to the center of the campground . he repeated this a couple of times until everybody was up and moving . that feeling in the pit of my stomach was growing . i swear i felt the temperature drop . there was only the sound of and rustling . . t stopped in front of the giant cabin . he had a solemn look in his old as did all the staff . he for one of the staff to unbolt the large door . as the staff he for unbolted the door the and whispered . they t look nervous only confused . i can vaguely remember . t saying something . i have no recollection of what he said though . i only remember the immense feeling of fear i felt afterward . the open . the moonlight was the only thing illuminating the dark cabin . of that have been filled the cabin along with broken tables and other furniture . all of it was soaked in blood . some of the had been torn apart and were missing . the worst part of it was exactly unused hung waiting for their next . . t rubbed his and his . what he said next t . i m sorry . this is all i can offer you . you have before it comes . all the were into the cabin by staff . some were kicking . some were screaming . some were crying . most were just in shock unable to move or protest . i thought i was going to pass out . i wish i did . nobody made a move towards the . not until inhuman rattled the cabin door . had it been already ? that was when somebody made a move . . she was always smart . i would never doubt her . except for now . she t hesitate to herself as everybody watched in horror . that is when me and many that either way we re going to die . it s either us who take it or whatever s out there . it went from to to and up to sixteen . they all would rather die at their own . i was . i was a coward . so i in the corner behind a broken couch . i felt stream down my face . i out my phone and out a post . it was short simple and sweet . hopefully to prevent any more to that beast . i thought about not posting it . i was angry . i somebody to feel the pain i did . i t have time to act on it before the cabin door open and flew everywhere . i and to the of the get torn apart . i sat there helplessly and t dare to look . the second i could no longer hear it i ran out and into the . i could barely see through my . there is one thing i saw though . as i ran and through the i hearing . not too long later i was on the highway with a couple of who had over and were the for me . i turned around to look at the one more time . it was there among the . it was me . it s been a few days since the event . the campground according to the police . . t and his staff are also gone . that demon could have me at any moment . it left me alive as a lesson to you all . don t go to wood campground . would come and go every year and he never back . i don t know what it was that made me call him around perhaps it was all the fuzzy i had of us around the . how me him and would decorate the tree together and he would dress up as with a really bad beard that i used pull away from his chin . that always made me laugh . he would let me open just one of my on eve without knowing . it was our little secret . i can t say my childhood was broken because of him it was always full of happiness even when he left us . was always what i came back to whenever i thought of my father . everything else when he left was just white noise . i never even saw any of him because my got rid of them all i had was this grainy image in my head . i would pester my about him ask she t want to answer and most of the time she t . she to forget him and i think in the long run she thought i would too . he left us ! she said once impatiently tired of me . i was tired of never getting an answer . he t even have the right to be your dad . remember the hoarse conviction in her voice that day it was of anger built up from my father s moonlight flit . when i was in bed that night i her cry herself to sleep . if you ever your mother do that you know how heartbreaking it is to listen to . it stuck with me ever since . i never to see her that upset or angry ever again so i never brought him up after that . i always been able to confide in is my uncle alan my s brother . uncle alan never had of his own it was something he said t for him but he always me like i was his child . and in return he was like a father to me . when i was fourteen i to him about my dad and if he knew what between him and . are hard he said . that s why i m still single . really ? i thought it was just because you re an old . me a cheeky smile and a wink . i remember your and dad being very happy but something below the surface just . . . t work . i don t know for sure but i think there was someone else . after he left i gave him a call he could finish i up from my seat . wait . you have his number ? no he said a little too abruptly . you re a really crap liar . alan rubbing his hand over his face making the skin stretch down under his . your is going to kill me . alan gave me his number after a lot of emotional blackmail and made me promise not to tell my . as soon as he did i t help it i ear to ear . i was happy just to have his number and his name in my phone . it s really pathetic i know . thank you i said . gave me a half smirk and ruffled my hair . i have no idea if he answer or if the number is even still in use . please just . . . just don t get your up ? night i was upstairs with the over my head the first time i the number . i d never put the over my head in my entire life but it made me feel . it was like a fortress that kept my blend of excitement and anxiety at bay . for a while i just at the on the screen and his name above it dad . what would i even say ? what do you say to someone you don t really know or really remember ? i back from five and the dial button . i in anticipation . even though it was only it felt like before it to ring . he t pick up the call after a couple of it went to a default message much to my disappointment . i to hear his voice at least see if it the voice in my . the tone after the i to sweat . hey dad it s me it s . i i don t really know what to say i to laugh nervously . i got your number and i just thought i would i been thinking about you . i hope you get this message . quickly hung up . t receive a phone call back . after year it was the same situation . i would leave but never get a response . the got less awkward as time went on but they to get shorter too . as i got older i d just wish him a merry and that was it . after the first time i for him to call me until i faced reality it was never going to happen . i knew i would never get a response but i still continued to call him every year anyway . yeah i guess i was probably torturing myself unable to accept that i was unwanted by him that he t want me in his life . if he did have another family i if they knew about me i it . uncle alan t understand why i kept calling him . you know i love you . your too . you don t need someone in your life like that . rolled my at him always one for the cheesy . you have to say that because you re my uncle . shook his head . no i m saying it because i mean it . forget him . he s clearly forgotten about you . alan saw the comment hurt me no matter how much i tried to hide it . put his arm around me and said i should never have given you that number . i was nineteen my found out she had cancer . it was too late and there was nothing the could do . she got sick pretty quickly and to deteriorate just as fast . i out of college to come home and help take care of her uncle alan too . when she all i had left was uncle alan . house was left to me along with a substantial inheritance . i being alone in the house without her . it felt so empty and hollow without her presence so i uncle alan if he d move in with me which he happily did . my dad early in after her death . it s . . . i my to well . i just thought you should know that . this is the last time i m ever going to call you . i get the point . you re dead to me too . i hung up i finally let myself cry . around the house the next day out in front of the couch eating dry from the box . uncle alan came into the living room and over the couch to sit next to me . i t even take my off the to indicate that i d . ! he said clapping his together . first first you need to get a shower because i can smell you from the other side of the house . secondly you re going back to school after because i m sick of the sight of you . and thirdly we re going to cook dinner together tonight . continued to munch on the . you can t even cook . . . . yep but you re show me because you can . so go and wash that stink away and put something other than on because we re going shopping . i could object he snatched the box out of my hand and eating them himself . go on he said with a mouthful . scoot . god you re so annoying i said as i dragged myself out of the room . i was out of sight i for what felt like the first time in . alan was chopping up terribly when it finally . my phone in my pocket . when i took it out his name was on the screen dad . face and i t know what to do . i just leaving it but i thought this might be my only chance despite what i said in my the night before . alan me out of my trance . everything alright ? mind if i take this ? i said holding my phone up so he t see the screen . of course go ahead . i m nailing this on my own anyway . gave him a quick smile before stepping out onto the patio . the cold air hit my face straight away the colder nights to draw in early . i remember how bitter the temperature was that particular night . i took one last deep breath before i finally the call . hello ? hello . it s me dad . t know what to say . a swirl of clouded of me i to to tell him to go to hell i to tell him it was good to finally hear his voice i to up . a moment all i could hear was my heavy breath amongst the silence between us . hi i . look i know in your last message you said you t want to speak to me again but ah well just say it s been complicated . complicated ? yes . please forgive me . complicated ? that t even an excuse it was a cop out . no i said defiantly . hung up before he could say anything else . i went back inside uncle alan had completely the . all good ? he glancing over me . felt numb allover i t even tell if i was hot or cold . when i saw the concern on uncle alan s face i a smile . yeah fine i said raising an eyebrow at the chopping board . tell you what why don t you just boil the . that night i lay in bed it was past am when my phone . it was a text message from him know tonight was a shock to you . i again for my silence over the . please don t think i t think about you or your . i been a terrible parent and i that . i want to make it up to you . i let you cool off but please call me back . . . as soon as you re ready . dad . i in and him back the next morning . over the next few off with a few home and . i told him he was a piss poor excuse of a man he ruined my mother s life he ruined my life i t even remember him properly and so on . i let him have it because it was what he deserved . me was his accountability he was so calm about it . he was never defensive . he let me get it all off my chest . i made a huge mistake i that he said . so you keep saying i . i know how much making up i have to do . i to your all the time all of them over the . you sound so grown up now . everything he did at least listen to the . it was something minuscule but it was a start . and i ended up talking everyday . i would usually go for a walk around the so i could talk to him in private . i t let uncle alan know we were in contact . i t know why considering it was him who originally gave me his number but for a while i just my dad to myself . i to get to know him . week before took a turn when out of the blue he said how would you like to come and spend with me ? so sudden and so casual that part of me felt it was too soon . even though we d been talking for over a month i still feel like i t really know him . all i knew was that he lived alone in a farmhouse . i to say no but my got the better of me . i d love to i said enthusiastically . but as soon as i agreed i . i can t wait to meet you son . few days later i tried to run the conversation over in my head how i would approach uncle alan about it . how he would react to it would he understand or would he put his foot down ? i thought i could go in with the calm approach of this so much to me you know i this since i was a . or i could go in with the attitude of i m a grown man now i make my own ! the end i decided to do neither . call me but i t want him to sway me or get involved . as great as uncle alan had been this was something i had to do . so i decided to write him a letter . booked a flight out to because dad said it was the nearest airport to wear he lived . in the middle of the night i a bag my passport and left the letter on the side in the kitchen . a little further down the street for my cab i t want to wake up uncle alan . when it i quickly hopped in the finally caught up with me . as the cab drove past my house and out of my street i hoped i t making a mistake . landed in around am i somehow to sleep for a bit on the short flight and woke up feeling like i was in a dream . i t believe i d actually gone through with it and now that i was near him it felt real . i t believe this was it . i a quick coffee which did nothing for my before i stepped outside . there was of snow on the ground and the airport t as busy as i . out for the silver car he said he d be in but i t see one . he t actually say where he would meet me . i for a while and tried to call him but he t pick up . i suspected he may have his mind and stood me up . was a tap on my shoulder . ? turned around and saw an older man . distinctive his forehead short salt and pepper hair tall . he was dressed in an expensive looking coat far too light for the bitter weather . he t as i him . even in those fuzzy that were coated in white noise i still t see the man before me . at the man politely . no sorry i said turning my back away from him . sorry i meant to say . turned back around and . i my in the of my coat i t know what else to do with them i if i should hug him no too soon i thought . i considered offering him my hand to shake but before i knew it he was walking ahead . come on he said you must be freezing . drive took a couple of i t believe how far out of he lived . in that time the conversation between us was light small talk . the weather my journey mundane crap that we were both disinterested in . luckily the sound of the radio keep it from feeling more awkward than it was . to snow when we the sign for silver and i out the window like a curious child taking in the the sight of the massive oak . the surroundings made me feel slightly like it was an endless tunnel of greenery that only to get more narrow as we drove into it . beautiful t it ? dad said without taking his off the road . . you really have been away from the world all these haven t you ? t mean for it to sound as sarcastic as it came out but it t seem to faze him . it s quiet around here . i like the quiet . we were past the endless road full of i must admit that the whole place picturesque especially because it was covered in snow . the extended up a hill that down on the town and at the top there was an old radio tower . nearly there dad said . farmhouse like something from the front cover of a paperback you d find at a gift store . it was bigger than i . the driveway t that far from the road but it like it was completely cut off from . the behind the house only my about it it made the house look completely isolated . getting out of the car my phone . when i at the screen it was uncle alan to call me . do you need to get that ? dad said . at him . no it can wait . the house was lived in and very old . it t the type of place i dad to live at all . even though i was there to spend with him there was no anywhere which only added to the grim atmosphere of the inside . the whole place smelt pretty musty i some of the lining in the faded wallpaper was and peeling away from the wall . over to the living room and spotted some of a baby on the dusty mantle of me i assumed . i never seen these before i said . came up behind me . i took them with me when i left . struck a nerve with me and i t keep my tongue still . if you had these up all this time then why did you never call me back ? i put them up after they left . who ? my other family . . . it was the first i d of another family . i t believe he t mention them before when he had ample opportunity to do so . the rage inside me but i t let it get the better of me . i d only just go there and t want to start an argument before i d barely stepped through the door . and even though my face clearly told him i t at this news dad s face was completely neutral . i show you to your room he said my bag for me . there were exposed in the ceiling that made the house look bigger than it actually was . there was also quite a few upstairs all of their closed . the one he took me to was very basic just a single bed and a bedside table . it comfortable enough . i suppose you want to rest for a while recuperate after your flight ? felt fine but i the opportunity to be alone and gather the flying around in my head . that d be great thanks . left the room abruptly without saying anything else . he kept the door open so i gently closed it as i his down the . it had been nothing but awkward since the moment i stepped off the plane . it was all too much the whole atmosphere in the house was very cold and static . just like him . and to learn he had another family only made me feel worse . i finally at my phone to see a text from uncle alan i understand . you should just me . but please let me know you re alright . text him back him know everything was great . a complete lie . down on the bed and as the cold touched my skin . i woke up it was dark outside . i at my phone and it had just gone past pm . the bedroom was like an icebox . i in the dark to locate the door i went to use the wall to guide me and instantly away they were damp . were no on in the house at all and i t hear a sound . i made my way downstairs searching the damp for a light switch but i t detect one . it was worse outside the bedroom it was that cold that i saw my breath in front of me . over to the living room vacant i if perhaps dad had gone out while i slept . still found it unusual to leave someone who was essentially a stranger in their house even if i was his son . i saw the lamp next to the couch and went to turn it you re awake . . . deep voice came from the kitchen . i turned around he was sitting perfectly still at the table . i could just make out his silhouette in the dark and i both his flat on top of the table . you me i said approaching him cautiously . something was off really off . why are you sitting in the dark ? i get easily he . bright light t help . . . i m feeling better now . i was in the kitchen i stood across from the table not knowing what to do with myself . well can i put a light on then ? was silent for a moment he cocked his head to one side . the whole scenario darkness just sitting there slow . . . it made me feel very uneasy . if you like he finally said . found the switch to the side of the door . the light hung down just above the table it reflected off his skin which slimy and grey completely drained of any colour . he t look well at all . are you alright dad ? pink rimmed up at me . yes as i said i feel much better now he said . are you hungry ? him like that made me lose any appetite i had completely . i think you should go to bed and rest . me a sickly grin his teeth were covered in thick film like they t been brushed in days . i m perfectly fine face . . oh he said moving his across the table like he d lost something . t i used to call you when you were a child ? . you tell me . if he did he t mention it in any of our over the phone . got up from the table squinting his . he the kitchen . his posture was stiff like he was hanging from a string . well i don t don t quite remember if . . . off to the and turned so his back faced me . he out the window at the nothing outside . all i could see from where i stood was our in the glass . i found myself backing away to the door when he rocking his head from side to side . what do you mean you don t remember ? i . no no . i do . i you . i m sure of it . well never it i said . t tell if i was shivering because of the cold or if it was because of the way he was acting . suddenly relaxed his back and over the . do you like macaroni cheese ? he said in the tone i was more familiar with from our phone . even the look in his had . it was like the last few t even happen . he my confused glare . are you alright ? fine i lied . so macaroni cheese ? my arms together . do you have any heat ? . of course . i go and turn it on . he past me i away from him . alan text again to see if i was alright . i to tell him that i made a huge mistake that there was something really off about dad . but i t want to worry him i decided i would book a flight home tomorrow and make my to leave . the meal while i sat in the living room on the musty smelling sofa . even with the heat on the house was still ice cold . dinner s ready he over . great . i sat at the table i picked at my food . dad t touch any of his . t you going to eat ? i . i eat later he said . my plate away . i m not hungry either . this is nice t it son ? his had again . i to wonder what was wrong with him he worse than he did half an hour ago . dad i think . . . i think we rushed into this . his chin under his . rushed ? t meet his stare . i don t think i m ready for this i think this is just too much . but you re my son i love you . voice had no empathy or emotion . it was almost like he was for a bad show . you don t even know me . yes i do you re my little . my hand on the table . can you stop calling me that ? nobody ever me that . t respond just at me curiously . i at the clock behind him . how little time we had actually seen each other in person and the whole time it felt like i d been in the company of a stranger . which he was really . i thought the on the phone were a start but this person in front of me he t know who i was or at least he confused me with someone else . that was clear enough to me . he so collected and put together whenever we spoke before but as we sat opposite one another he as isolated from me as he d been for nearly fifteen . i should never have got in the car with him . who is ? i finally said . he s upstairs dad said abruptly . what ? down at his plate . and . got up from the table every hair on my body . who are and ? slowly raised his head back up from the plate blood out of his eye falling over the uneaten meal in front of him . my as he up on the seat of his chair like he was on hind . i stepped back as he on the table pressing his into the plate of bloody food knocking the glasses and cutlery to the floor he was ready to pounce . . . . dad ? was before me t my dad and i to think he never actually was . i tried to push past the block in my i still t see his face underneath s beard . i never saw those on the mantle before because they t . it was someone else . or whoever the hell he was let out a shrill laugh . as he did his smile out tearing the skin at the sides of his mouth until he was grinning ear to ear . the blood over his exposed . i think i m hungry now he . t think twice about it . i from the kitchen towards the front door behind me i him jump down from the table . when i the door it t open it was locked my only option was to run upstairs . leapt from the floor and stuck to the ceiling . he along the like a spider . his blood staining the as he dragged himself across it . ran straight for the room directly opposite the and the door shut behind me . there was an almighty bang on the floor from the other side . when i turned the light on in the room i saw his shadow under the crack in the door . dad to rattle the door furiously . ? he said calmly . open the door . backed away panting breathlessly then the smell hit me . i covered my arm over the end of my nose . i . continued to bang against the door . i on the bed behind me at the massacre in the room . dried blood the and on the bed lay three skeletal . they were skinless . i two of them were and his other family . tried to look away but i t believe what was before me . even as i ran over to the window i kept looking back over my shoulder at the . below the drop t look that far down . i figured i t have much choice if i was to make it out of there alive . i it up bracing myself for the jump into the snowy ground when dad burst through the door wild shattering the wooden frame . was about to jump when he onto me . before i knew it my face was being smothered in his bloody bib . i him it was no use . he t off me . i came face to face with his menacing grin his teeth to fall from his me in the face one by one . below them canine formed . i as one of his teeth fell into my mouth . i instantly spat it out and to wriggle my arms out from under him . i his arms and the came away like meat . underneath there was nothing but muscle . the more i the more he and his skin continued to tear away from his face . wet bloody of flesh fell over me until there was no long any flesh on his face human flesh at least . whatever back at me was not human no longer my dad but a grinning crimson monster . . . . it . the monster dead in its . my breath stopped as it up its ready to snap its onto my skull . i to use my knee and my arms to push it away from me . when i stood up it was ready pounce at me once again . when it did i out the way as it went flying out the window smashing the glass . instantly ran over and down below . it t there . it was gone . all i could see was its blood scattered over the snow making a to the . ran downstairs and dad s coat pocket the were in there . thank god . . . i whispered . ran straight for the car . as i the ignition the revealed the scarlet creature running on its hind directly towards the car like a hound . i my foot on the pedal and right into it . it as it went under the car and crushed underneath it . i drove back towards the drive and away from the farmhouse . was a shaking bloody mess . i t stop anywhere to get up not unless i to end up being by the police . the only thing that kept me going was my determination to get as far away from that place as possible . on the way home i uncle alan trying to explain what had but he t make sense of what i was saying i t even make sense of it . took me but i drove all the way back home . there was barely any gas left in the tank when i made it to the house . when i up everything . alan ran out and when he saw the state of me he quickly me inside . what the ? ! alan got rid of the car i t ask how and even though he t believe the story i told him he told me never to tell anyone . i t have to ask him what he thought if i t telling the truth or just in shock as he put it . i saw it in the way he at me as soon as i came home . put my mind at rest uncle alan found a picture of my father in an old photo album he had . there was a photo of my on their wedding day . it was him younger and still not how i him as a child but definitely my father . still t understand how he that thing until i the third corpse on that bed and the way my dad s skin came away from the crimson monster . only question i had on my mind was if any of it the phone were ever really him ? and even if it t why did that thing target me ? day i threw the photo of my dad into the fire and watched the curl until the broke through his face . then he . . derived from the th century . the thymus or pancreas usually taken from a calf or lamb but sometimes from the ovary or . first soaked in cold water to remove all of blood . then in milk until tender . as a my father told me it had been a holiday tradition that back in his family . i would later find out just how far back that was when i turned . when i learned the history of the family holiday tradition . our have continually been amongst the upper echelon of society for over some as you name it . every member of every family knew nothing but success and happiness from birth up until their last dying . and the my told me were the key to their success . ago our were on the brink of destruction . they had no food no no home . they had nothing left . and they to anything that would grant them release . something . and they made a deal . they were given a choice . an annual tradition that must be kept . and for as long as it was the family and all their would never know a day of sorrow again . my father told me that he had learned the same age i did and so had my and eventually my baby sister would too . my father told me that it had been his own grandfather that had established the tradition on a holiday in his own as the ultimate sign of mockery towards god and the holy spirit . that year on eve after dinner my my from the table telling them to prepare . prepare for what i t know . after they left my told me the complete history of the holiday tradition . and after they finished my father said it was time for me to join my my mother and himself in the tradition . i would only have to watch this year he said . but next year i would have to do everything . alone . my by then had returned to the kitchen and my rose beckoning me to follow them . i did as i was told following my family through the back and outside into the cold night and down the path to our garage . our enormous compound was some ways outside the town my father was mayor of within an isolated patch of dense forest . i had always as a that my could never visit that we were never to give out our address . now i know why . i the garage behind the family and saw that half the space had been blocked off by white . the overhead were off with only the glow of a dozen providing any illumination . my mother who had been a highly specialist within the medical field wheeled out a metal cart . on top lay a collection of surgical and . she out and for everyone and once we all had them on my father finally back the curtain . there was a woman someone i d never seen before strapped to a table . she to be sleeping and i could see her bare chest moving slowly up and down . my father wordlessly picked up the of the off the table and handed it to my eldest brother . my brother just took it and stepped up to the woman . i back and studied her . she to be around my mother s age with long flowing strawberry blonde hair that was directly on top of her maybe in some vain attempt to retain her dignity . an ran from her arm to a pole next to the table which i assumed was some sort of drug to keep her unconscious . she was slender her body pure of any or . i at the woman and then at the knife my brother was holding and then back at my father . this entire time nobody had a word . the air was with an uncomfortable silence . my father then finally spoke up . he said only one word . begin then i the . i almost threw my entire dinner up right then and there . i had never seen a knife cut through human flesh before . my head to swirl and i to look away but i knew i t . it was like watching the flaming wreckage of a car accident on the side of the road . i t want to see . but i t look away . so i stood in silence as my brother collected our . after it was done my family filing out of the garage one at a time . i stood frozen in place looking at the white curtain that father had thankfully back . mother was the last to leave . she did her best to console me telling me it had been hard for her to adjust in the beginning but that this one sacrifice was well worth the it brought . i just at her unsure of what to say . but then what ? i numbly . what do you mean ? she back . what to us afterwards ? after all this i the answer . my mother taken aback thought for a moment . then . we join the rest of the family . ruling together forever she said with an icy chill that clung to her . together . forever . but where ? i already knew before i had even . somewhere deep inside knew from the start . the never ending flow of cash the isolated mansion our status within the town . i had gotten every single thing i had ever my whole life . and this was the cost . only one day a year . just one . i my mother back inside my shame in a cloud of indifference . everything had . the way i the world my family our name my life even my very soul . i t sleep a wink that night . i tried but every time i would close my i saw the woman still strapped to the table . and then i saw the blood pour from her throat . and then the . my father me once the tradition if it is not kept the punishment would be swift and severe . he me of my cousin who had away very suddenly of leukemia a few back right after he d turn . leukemia . he every day until he according to my father . and the same would go for me . if i t continue the tradition . the next morning the family woke as usual and downstairs . we laughter . everyone as if everything were normal . i put on a convincing show . i back my for i it all off . masterfully so i should say . they never knew what was boiling right under the surface . not even when it came time for the . i back my and urge to vomit though it was hard and i almost gave in . but i kept my smile wide and my open . after our were my father stood up and to his family and our success and hoped for many more to come and for the day when his first daughter would join the rest of the family . my dad then at me proudly not a worry in his . as far as he knew i had been another successful convert . i can say confidently without any hint of exaggeration that i each and every single one of the next days . i finally sleeping again after three only for my sleep to be continually interrupted by the woman on the table who would wake up suddenly and screaming every time i cut into her neck . i would go days one time even a week without sleep . i would lay awake in bed pondering over how i was going to do it . could i do it ? was there any way out ? there had to be a way out . my father and mother told me in private a few days after that i could pick who i would use to carry on the tradition . it could be anybody even a complete stranger . all i had to do was give them a name and they would take care of the rest . but they me if i t pick someone myself they would do it for me . and they me it would be someone i would miss dearly . my skin ran cold at the thought of someone a friend a teacher some random stranger tied up to that table the knife in my hand their internal on our dining room table . i knew then there was no way out . i kept my facade up the long sleepless nights away as caffeine study sessions and my plan . i would have to pick someone who me someone i could get alone someone who could disappear . there was a friend a dear friend . once upon a time she had been a neighbor . but even after my family had she my friend and one true confidant . she would trust me . she would do anything for me . i her . and now she would disappear . for me . finally came . like any other important day that you wait for and dread . then suddenly one day it s tomorrow . my had kept their end of the bargain . they expressed no surprise no remorse . they simply their and told me it would be taken care of . the rest was up to me . that evening as i was walking down the hall to join my family in the dining room i my baby sister s room . she had been only two old last far too young to partake in the family tradition . but not . i the thought from my head and continued on downstairs . the family was busy chatting around the table as i sat in my seat . mother had prepared a lovely dinner of homemade potatoes turkey with gravy and an orange cake my absolute favorite . the t be until tomorrow . mother a fully loaded plate in front of me . on any other eve my mouth would already be filled with potatoes . this eve i was resisting a powerful urge to vomit all over the table . but i kept my cool as i had done the past days . only one more left . i my fork as my father his annual prayer of thanks and reluctantly forcing food into my mouth . just eating in front of them had become a chore an act i was eager to finally drop . everything tasted like paper wet and moist without any real flavor . i must have lost since last but nobody to notice . they were already too far gone . once dinner was over my went to go play video while my mother clearing the table . nobody said anything at first . then i did . is she ready ? i plainly . my both at me slightly puzzled . probably not what they were . i then directly at my mother . she had stopped clearing the table and was now hovering behind my father . she caught my gaze and for a moment almost . but then . yes she is baby . and it her right for breaking my little boy s heart . don t you worry about a thing sweetie nobody will even know she s gone . we make sure of that she turning her attention back to the table . my father at me still puzzled not sure what to make of my bravado . i hope it was working . he the same way my mother had and i knew then that i had him hook line and sinker . don t be too tough on meat son . we like it nice and plump remember ? my father spoke sending of nausea down into my stomach . i back thankfully and got up from the table . i won t take too long . s coming early this year i said and left without saying a word . my father briefly but i caught my mother s reflection in the glass on the way out . too much perhaps . not that it t matter now . the walk to the garage was probably the walk of my life . my entire life around me all array of everything that had led to this moment . the moment i would carry on the holiday tradition . i each step i took as i slowly made my way to the garage . the were off and there was no noise . she must be heavily by now . the single side door was already open and the familiar glow of candlelight cast long all around me . i turned a set of on unimpressed and with my theatrics at this point . then i saw the same white curtain as before with the same set of on the same table . my heart a beat . i to leave . abort the mission . find another way . no . there was no other way . it was now or never . i took one last breath and what my father had told me . the pact our family had made a deal forged in blood all those ago . without hesitation i towards the and with one swift motion drew them back . there she lay fully as i had . i would not allow this to be the first time i saw her naked . i t allow it . sure enough though a lone needle pierced her skin and ran up an identical pole the bag to be practically empty . i at the clock on the wall . i had precious few left . i turned to the of death next to me . the low light from the the chilly sting in the air . i picked up a knife randomly . i swung back around to take one last look at the girl . but then i froze . my gaze had met an opening pair of . she was awake . she was struggling to regain consciousness but she was definitely awake . as her they on me . she t look or confused . she just at me face blank and mouth agape . the knife in my hand felt like solid gold . everything had finally come together . my turn . for the first night in over a year i slept like a stone . no nightly no ghostly of the woman on the table no macabre family . just a deep soundless sleep . i was almost sad when i woke up . it felt so good . hopefully the first of many nights to come . today was a very special day . it was after all . more importantly the day of our blessed family tradition . the had been prepared by myself as was tradition and i could smell them from even upstairs . just later father came in wishing me a merry and inviting me to join the family downstairs . it was time . i slipped on my housecoat and down the and into the kitchen back arched and head with a confidence i t known in some time . my mother ever watchful hawk took notice immediately . well don t you look as bright as the morning sunrise . merry baby ! she nearly as she put the finishing on her immaculate table . i as i sat down next to my then i my baby sister was missing . where s sissy ? i was a little concerned for her at this point knowing full well what this family was capable of . oh she s got a fever right now . we have to save her some for later my mother . oh how perfect . i quiet as my mother finished the and brought them over to the table . one by one she a fine scoop on the small delicate in front of each of us . the had been in the family for and were used for only one purpose . after mother us at the table my father rose . i don t know why father on making the same speech every single year . it was cringe so on many even more so now than before . though i my tongue as he spoke . when i look at this table i see the pillar of success . our family our blood and our sacrifice our family tradition kept our family strong and alive . and we continue that legacy now and forever . and i am so to welcome my third son into the tradition . son you have made me our family and our incredibly . his made my stomach churn . my father sat back in his seat and almost on instinct the family my mother and brother on either side of me . our my lead us in a prayer . lord bless these as you have blessed our family . rain riches and power on us as you have done so for before . ascend us above all as we carry on this most sacred of tradition . today tomorrow and forever my always too eager for their own good their first and immediately eating . i watched as my in admiration then turned their attention to their own . my father was the first of them to take a bite . he at first but i watched as his expression quickly . he was puzzled . he stopped for a moment before . he then took another bite . i at my mother who had also eating but as she went in for a second bite her nose wrinkled and she stopped . she looking around her now confused like my father . what s the matter father ? don t they taste good ? i bluntly . my father at me even more confused now . of course . there s just something off he said sheepishly though i could hear fear growing inside him . i had felt that same fear for the past days . do you smell that ? my mother worry now thick in her voice . i back at my who had already finished their entire my eldest even licking his clean with his tongue . my other brother had the exchange between our and i and spoke up . smell what ? i don t smell anything yeah i don t smell anything either i said dishonestly . my father though had also smelling anything out of the ordinary . so it was just my mother and i . how can you not smell that it almost like something ' s burning . or she off . or what mother ? perhaps something bitter ? i said as i directly into her . in that moment i saw a flash of clarity across her face . then i watched all the color completely drain away from every part of her body . what have you done ? my mother out . what the hell is going on ? my father but before anyone could answer he was interrupted by an scream . my eldest brother had been the first . he fell to the floor howling like a wounded lion . i down to see his turning blood red . his central nervous system was starting to shut down and bloody vomit and saliva were now pouring out of his mouth . my other brother sat frozen staring as our sibling in front of us mother screaming incoherently in the background . father had stood up to get a better look but was back into his chair almost immediately one of his to his head . i thought my father would be next . but only a second later my other brother bent over in agony and throwing up as well . what did you do to us ? my mother as her second child violently in front of her still too to move from her seat . my father was fading fast . his face was covered in sweat his gaze now locked into mine . i into his trying with all my might to bore the hatred and fear i had felt this entire year into his soul . you make me sick every single one of you i spat out now free to finally unleash the wrath that had been building up for so long . did you really think i was going to carry on this tradition ? do you know how sick to my stomach i been every day this past year ? our family our tradition . it s an abomination . and when i thought of spending every side by side with you sealed in this deal for all eternity i to strap myself on that table it felt like pure bliss . the best part was that they would know in their last that it had been me that them . so i made a deal of my own . they had made it too easy for me really . i already had almost everything i thanks to mother . the only thing missing was a decoy . and being a meant i could get my practically anything in this town . my father out of his chair and onto the floor . i could feel the through the table and floor as he breathed his last painful . my mother was the last to succumb . she her chest heaving in pain . i could hear the blood with each gasp of air she took . she got up to reach for me but fell onto the floor as i stood up and beside her . kneeling down my face now from hers i for any trace of the mother i used to know . but there was nothing . because the mother i knew had been a lie . everything had been a lie . was it worth it mother ? i whispered to her . filled her bloodshot as she let out one final death rattle and then all was silent . i unsure of what to do next . i stood up straight to survey the carnage around me . then i back at the table and saw my mother s untouched glass of wine . without hesitation i it and it up high . toast to the family tradition i drinking the entire glass in a single gulp . sitting the glass down i spoke aloud . you can come in now . my voice off the vaulted . later i caught movement to my right but t take my gaze off the floor . she had her part perfectly . she t believe me at first . not even when i to pay her to play the victim . she thought it was a joke . i m sure she got quite the scare though when my mother her . but it would be worth it i told her . that this small amount would be but a fraction of what she and i would have once the tradition was over . so she agreed . and thankfully she had last night when she did . she had proven to be invaluable . whoa that was fast she said in awe the scene in front of her . yeah well we put enough in there to kill a whole football team i retorted still locked into a death stare with my mother . her were pointed upwards an expression of horror and pain now permanently into her face . is everything ready ? i as i turned to face her for the first time . yes . it s all out in the garage she as she up to me . my ran across her face and then through her auburn hair . go bring it in . we don t have a lot of time and there s a lot to do i told her leaning in for a kiss . her mouth was wet and her were plump . finally it was beginning to feel like . she left without another word leaving me alone in the dining room once again . we would sanitize the kitchen then bury the in the in a six foot grave alongside the cadaver i had from the university . it would take all night but after it was done they would never be found . the only business left would be my little sister . i turned on my heel and walking into the living room . as i to go up the to tend to my sister something caught my attention . something on our tree . my were never one to go overboard with seeing them as a waste of money and time . our therefore had of a golden garland and classic silver glass ball . nothing more nothing less . except now there was something else . almost perfectly within the tree was a dark red envelope . it had not been there last night nor this morning . my curiosity i over and the card out of the tree . it t sealed and when i it an identically colored card slid out . i ran my over the card and envelope looking for an inscription something to identify where the card came from . i the card . there was no signature no seasonal greeting . nothing but a single phrase . to the sweet almost instantly my back ran cold . i could feel the little on my begin to stand up one by one . from some dark corner of the house i could feel something stirring . then i felt it . just a single cold breath down my neck . i could feel my heart flutter . i to three in my head then my head around . but there was nothing . in an instant the house settled and everything was as it had been before . i back to the card but it had . i around me but could find no evidence that it had ever been there . a cry from upstairs brought me back to reality . my baby sister . mother had said she was running a fever . the worst i up the and down the hall to my sister ' s nursery . my mother fancied herself a designer and on the era nursery for my sister . my sister s crib was with of silk and sheer fabric . i them aside and down at my beautiful baby sister . i at her and she to smile back . she would never know the horror of the family tradition . i would miss her dearly but i knew she would be better off with another family somewhere out of state far away from our family s legacy of death and decay . her rosy felt warm under my finger . as they across her face a weird sensation came over me . it was something i had never felt around my sister before . i t quite figure it out at first . i at her puzzled . then my ran over her throat . soon my mouth to water of saliva now inside . then i knew . i . i was at the peak of my career working for one of the prestigious in the city . i was of myself of the work i was doing . my work was a mix of everything designing and management . the store my boss ran was a small two one beautifully designed . it had a large store space for the background work and office a huge lily pond and a veranda with a view and a small bedroom aka storage room . my and boss were the . we ' d sit around gossiping about sex and our . my boss would often drop me at home and their were spectacular . the one thing i everyone did was they all left before pm no matter what . when i them they telling me about the ghost that there . the funny part everyone had their own name for the ghost . sometimes it was sometimes the widow sometimes the white lady . it was funny bunch of nonsense and i it off . even though i an amazing work life the rest of the day was a bore and i had to spend it alone in my apartment with wine for company . lonely i took to dating . i met my at my workplace for my apartment was far from work . it was a and i so ' t want to spend the night alone in front of my . so i went ahead and a date . all my had up and left and i was waiting in the office for my date to arrive . i was wearing my plain white shirt inside my tight dress skirt . i had a few buttons and my lacy underwear was through . i my nude lipstick to pink and i knew that i could slit a few with my look . it was over pm and the date who was supposed to arrive half an hour ago still not himself . i was looking through the to see if he . what i hate the most in anyone is tardiness . i stalked his tinder profile and decided to give him another half an hour because he was good looking . an hour later i ordered myself a sub and a coffee and out in the sofa in my office . the thought of being back in my lonely apartment made me feel . my boss often me to crash at the office if and when i ' m working late . i mean she ' t mind if i crash at the office tonight right ? i in to the bedroom . it was not a bedroom . yes there was a bed for sure a single dusty cot with an old mattress but every inch of room was covered in storage stuff . there were clothes broken and old clothes . it was really musky in there . i up a little . sorted through some clothes and out the . i around my boss ' s room and found an old bottle of wine . i it out in my coffee mug and through it . i to the watchman to lock up all the him that i ' m going to crash there for the night . i watched him lock everything and then i went back to my wine . i found an old book to read from the store bookshelf . it was covered with dust but it was interesting . i was reading for a few in the bed until i out . i woke up to the faint rusty sound of a screw . i around but ' t find where it came from . i turned off light and came back to bed . as i shut my the rusty screwing noise grew and until it just behind me . i woke up . the mannequin that i had not properly so it was moving back and forth like a doll . i it and to the store . it was all dark and beautiful . i could see the entire from inside the store . the store is a really safe place . but what everyone ' t know is that it had an exit through bathroom window . me and my colleague discovered it one day when we need to smoke and the were locked early . so i to the bathroom and out through the window to the outside . i stood by the pond for a while admiring the in the dark . then i smoked . a cigarette or two staring the the and the . it was cold and i was shivering but i to savour the beauty of night sky . we had in the store headless where we displayed our best . whenever a bike or a car in the road the lit up the glass illuminating the beauty of the . i was staring the glass when a loud by and in its light i swear i saw the head of the mannequin . i back in fright that i out a chair and burnt my finger with the cigarette in process . call me crazy but i don ' t believe in . i mean what kind of sane person would spend the night in workplace full of . i did because i really don ' t believe in . i have a theory that if you cannot see god you cannot see either . so there was no reason for me to be . i myself saying that i was just seeing and it was probably the light that fell off the wrong surface . i set the chair back and another cigarette . i pointedly at the glass trying to make out the behind it . a car by slowly and i could see that the mannequin actually had a lifelike face and it was staring at me and smiling . i stood still . the car and it was dark again but i don ' t think i can erase that creepy smile off my memory . the cigarette burnt out and i just stood there the ash taint my coat . i composed myself and told myself that whatever i saw was nothing but the wine in my system . i some more time and another car by and i ' t need to see it to be sure that there was nothing there . i back in through the window and the door and the store felt cold . it felt colder than the outsider air and it felt very weird . since i had not turned on i let the moonlight guide my way . as i slowly made my way i felt like i saw something move from my peripheral vision . i turned around and to see nothing out of place . it was probably my mind that ever the movement of air . i took a step forward and now i a prominent creak from behind me on the . i took forward keeping my eye on the glass before me to catch any movement . and the dummy forward . the headless gown wearing dummy inched a little closer to me . my heart was in my throat . to an non believer like me this cannot be happening right ? i had almost made it to door of the office if i keep moving i probably outrun the dummy . instead my foolish brave self turned on its leg . i saw the two a lot away from the position they were before . how do i know that ? the they sat on when i left the bathroom was far away than where the were . ridiculous ! i turned around and felt them move so i rushed for the door and locked behind me . i to the bedroom turned off the and my to my chest . i stayed that way for a long time . a rusty creak right next to my ear . i trying to find my phone . in the dark i could make out faint and i felt them all move . not in a weird doll way but rhythmically as if they were dancing to a beat . i stood there not even breathing and all i hear was the rhythmic creak creak from the and now they came from all around me . i finally found my phone and turned on the flashlight and it all stopped suddenly . no no movement . but what i saw me more . the i had sorted to the side the room now stood around my bed as if they were in a ritual . how could a mannequin move on its own accord ? and suddenly my phone out . it said and turned off . hell ! the battery . the movement of the and the too . i closed my willing for it to go away but i feel the dancing rhythmically to a non existent tune . i a bang at the door suddenly . and it again and again with rhythmic . i was . i had to get out . the squeak the bang it was like someone was some music and the were in a ritual . in the brief of flashlight i knew that my way was blocked . buy to leave . i rose on my bed and i felt an arm push me down . another arm my in place . i against the grip . i found my bag and threw it with much force the away . wrapping my blanket around me i to the door and it . another mannequin stood there with its arm raised . i under it to the door . the only way out was through the store and i had to get out . even if it meant chasing me . i quickly unlocked the door the that were staring at me fixed my eye on the bathroom and ran for it . from the corner of my eye i could see the chasing me . i found the bathroom and locked the door . one mannequin tried to jam its stand in but i closed door on it and locked behind me . i hear the rhythmic banging at my bathroom door . i through the window . i went out and through the glass and i could see all the staring at me . they all close to the like they to get a hold of me . i sat myself down on the chair by the pond and at the store . with every light of moving transport i could see a face on the biggest mannequin and it felt like it at me . the sun rose and i was still wide awake . the watchman came to find me and i him to stay by my side when i get inside the . the were all standing by the . i told him of what last night he me to stop and there was no story about any ghost here . it was just customary to tell every newcomer that there is a ghost just to scare them away . i him how does he explain the standing by the glass and . he that it was a clever prank by me so i can scare my back for telling me fake of . from that day forth i left sharp at pm no . when its dark i see a face on the mannequin and i never go unaccompanied to the bedroom . my still think i made an elaborate prank and it out to scare them . but nobody stays behind after pm to see the mannequin . i usually don t take restaurant as a relatively well known food critic i found often times would ask me to try their uncle s pizza place or their s bakery with false of excellence . i learned soon enough their were just so the business could say that i d been there . i d done it a few times before i finally told everyone to stop to me that if they thought they found a good place to send me the yelp page or other outside that said it was good . i t about to give out more free publicity . this usually shut them up and i would search for occasionally outside of my to try . none came as highly as cuisine . i admit i stayed away from it primarily because of its ridiculous name and the concept of all you can eat food . after hearing about it through the grapevine multiple times oh did you hear about the new buffet place ? and reading a never ending string of positive i decided to give it a try unofficially that is . i just had to see what the was about . most of the centered around their grilled cheese . each one that it said that it was a must eat or that the reader had to try it personally i away from like this . it t require much skill to grill some bread and cheese and use the right and of but when a buffet place out enough of this and it s supposed to be that good it s worth a shot . i went last night around pm to avoid the evening rush . upon entering i it was pretty full of all of them happily on . i was trying to see if they were all grilled cheese when the host spoke how many at your table tonight sir ? just me i he t know who i was of course right this way i him to a table in the middle of the floor . while some may dislike this i was it meant he t treating me as some kind of special guest . a few later a waitress came over can i get you anything to drink ? just a water will work . and while you re here can i have a menu ? i to see if they anything other than the buffet . i always strove to have as much information as possible . actually sir she said a bit sheepishly we don t have a menu . it s just our buffet she towards the back i can ask the chef if he any but it s not really a big night for us the buffet will do just fine then i said waving my hand in what i hoped was a don t worry gesture . great whenever you re ready just go ahead and grab a plate we charge either child or adult and i don t think i ever seen a child with a beard she off and her as if she thought she offended me . i and trying to put her at ease . after she left i got up and headed to the buffet . the were warm and there were several scattered around . a woman came up next to me smiling as she a plate . you have to try the grilled cheese she said ha that s actually why i m here . it s that good huh ? i said smiling back at her . oh yes it s almost to die for she as she ahead of me piling three onto her plate . these people are really into grilled cheese i thought sighing as i the first station . every tray was full of grilled cheese . there was no variation in them no pepper jack or even only endless identical golden brown . i put one on my plate for something a bit more inspired at the other . to my dismay and confusion each of the other the same thing as the first . nothing but bread with melted cheese . no no not even your typical soft serve machine in the corner . the only option was grilled cheese . i knew this t be promising but carried on anyways taking a sandwich from each station just in case they were different and i had some . i returned to my seat and was about to bite into one when my phone rang . the loud tone burst through the hum of chatter from the tables all around me . sheepishly i pressing the decline button to stop the ringing and rising from my chair to go call the person back outside . as i the door i felt a tap on my shoulder . i spun around to find my waitress smiling and holding my plate . before you go take a bite . i don t want them to get cold on you she said staring comfortingly into my . oh it s i only be a minute . here take my card i promise i be back i handed her my visa wanting to make sure she knew i t trying to dash . no no i insist . you have to try the grilled cheese she said her smile and growing . it s alright i d rather sit and enjoy . i be right back i admit i was a bit out but figured she meant well . as i stepped closer to the door the host stepped in front of me blocking my path . sir please turn around and try the grilled cheese . don t leave the young lady hanging he said i d really rather you get out of my way i said now a bit i will be back in but i have a call to i m trying not to disrupt your dining room if you can t tell i m sorry but i m afraid that call will have to wait until you try the grilled cheese the host said . i two more had him in blocking the door . i tried to just shove past but the me backwards . i turned my head looking at the and wondering if they had the conflict . they did and one man built like the hulk was getting up and heading towards us . thank god . my relief was short lived as the man his hand on my shoulder instead of that of the host s . sir i need you to listen to the staff here and just try the grilled cheese he said gruffly into my ear . other in yeah try it ! it s so good ! it s to die for ! please you try the grilled cheese ! i i would get nowhere and despite the feeling that i knew something was wrong i the sandwich and took a bite . honestly part of me was to drop to the ground choking on some unknown poison or to have razor cut at my . but as i and the buttery crispy bread nothing terrible . everyone was staring at me in anticipation . maybe they did know who i was maybe they me to try their sandwich . maybe they were all just weird . regardless i found myself shouting it s amazing and the rest of the sandwich into my mouth as fast as i could . then the next . and the next . it really was the best sandwich i ever had . the bread is perfectly crisp but not burnt and the cheese is oh so and flavorful . the of butter are splendid and i really think my of training cannot do this masterpiece justice . i returned to the buffet station and three more before to my seat . i t on writing such a positive review but i simply have to share how incredible these are . i writing this before i knew just how incredible this place was i can t be to go back and read for any i had before but just know anything is worth getting to eat this sandwich . honestly i think i sit here a while until i have more room for another sandwich . i d hate to leave knowing i be hungry for more in an hour . it the other have the same idea not one of them gotten up to head home and i can t say i blame them . so if you ever find yourself at ceaseless cuisine just know that you absolutely have to try the grilled up last week . it was am and i t sleep so i went downstairs to get a glass of water . i turned the light on and into the kitchen . i a blue cup from the cabinet and got water while looking out the window above the sink . that s when i saw him . standing across the street in a black suit and a top hat . the brim covered half of his face all i could see was the smile . the smile i will never forget . his teeth were jagged they were out of his mouth in every direction . i stood there frozen just watching him . i was . i put the cup down on the counter and went to the front door to turn on the porch light but when i got there he was gone . i was confused i t know where he could gone in that little amount of time . a chill went down my spine and i decided to drink the water and go to bed . i left the kitchen light on just to have a sense of safety . i laid down and closed my trying to slow my breathing . it was quiet too quiet . the silence was eerie and it was only making me more . i then a sound from outside . it was like someone dragging their on pavement . then this sound it was like the noise a pen . i got up slowly and out my window only to see the man in the top hat outside of my house . he was along the driveway opening and his right hand . then i that s where the sound was coming from . it t a pen it was the in his hand out of place and back into place . my breathing and the man stopped right under my window . one of the motion around my house turned on and he up directly at my window . his skin was a sickly grey color and he had no . when he saw me the smile on his face got bigger if that was even possible . he tipped his top hat once and to walk around my house . i back downstairs quickly and made sure my front and back were both locked . i could still hear the of his although it was more faint i he was probably on the other side of the house . i was still so i back upstairs and my . there s someone outside my house . . it s too late for this . go to sleep i at my phone and it to the foot of my bed . there s no way i could go to sleep with that thing out there at least not while i could hear it s . i sat up and turned on my then rolled over onto my side and off to sleep . i woke up the next morning to banging on my front door . i out of bed the from last night still fresh in my mind . don t be silly . . it was probably a dream . i down the and went to open the door . it was . what the hell is wrong with you ! ? he in my face . i and stepped back confused as to why he was upset . he took out his phone and me a picture i had posted on a few days ago . one of my best was kissing my cheek in the first picture and i was on his back in the second one . you re cheating on me ! ? my mouth fell open . is gay ! he me by my neck and me closer to him . you re going to stay away from him . his grip on me got . ! let go you re hurting me ! he rolled his and got in my face . i m not going to have some random guy take you away from me ! stay the hell away from him ! his grip on my neck got and i at his hand trying to get away . i to hear the again and it kept getting . i look behind and there he was . the man in the top hat . his smile was gone he out and the back of s white t shirt . his were long and sharp they like . the man used his free hand to rip s hand off my neck . i fell on the floor gasping for air . when i back up was screaming and the man s mouth was open . he and put s head in his mouth taking it off in one clean bite . s lifeless body fell to the ground . there was blood streaming out of his neck and the man in the top hat just stood there . i him to kill me next . i was trying to prepare myself for the pain of my head bitten off by some demon like creature but he just stood there with a smile on his face . i and got up running up the staircase to find my phone . as soon as i got a hold of it i . what s your emergency ? my he s dead ! i broke down into and fell onto my . ma am i need you to stay calm . can you tell me what ? my voice was shaky as i . he came over and got physical and something some huge monster took his head off ! i was trying to slow my heart rate but i t . i need you to tell me the address i send a squad car and an over . o . . my voice was weak . why did it kill him ? why t it kill me too ? the and the ambulance shortly after the checked me out while the police checked the inside and outside for any evidence or of where the man could gone . i watched as the took s lifeless body away . it took five for the police to find a piece of paper that was left by the man . like your friend a name . the short cop handed me the piece of paper and i at it . on the piece of paper was a name in sloppy handwriting i had scored my ideal rental house . i had been trying to get a rental in this neighborhood for now but these were highly . many stay here until they die or have to move because they out more than the house could handle . sure the neighborhood is older but it s been well and a charm to it that you just don t find in the city . the neighborhood is almost right next to downtown and the only place you can find apartment sized housing that t in an apartment . i can live here in my bed bath house without above me below me not on either side . instead i get a yard ! the only reason i was able to secure this house is because i out to the landlord ago and if i could be put on a waiting list should the property become available . i m not saying that i m glad that the previous tenant but can have positive right ? as i the lease and the landlord was me the she . there s one thing besides the lease that i need from you . sure i told her there t any to the security deposit i had already . there s a cat that here she s lived here her whole life she told me with a serious expression i need you to continue the cat live here and take care of her . she comes with the rental . yeah . no problem i told her with a smile . i t had the opportunity to really have in the apartment so this could be a really nice experience . great she said smiling and me my . there s some food leftover in the pantry and you can buy more at the right down the street ! she a lot of time outside but she always come back here and want to come in . with that she handed me the . i was ecstatic for moving day . i had rented a small white pickup just big enough to move my bed . the apartment i had been living in was only a few away so i figured i d just make multiple . my friend had to help and enlisted the help of her dean as well . it took all day but i was finally into my new house . apartment living ! later that night i still had some and to do but i was exhausted so i myself on my bed picked up my book and reading . my hair stood up on the back of my neck and i ' t shake the feeling that someone was watching me . i shook it off as the first couple of nights in a new home can always feel a bit weird and kept trying to read . i almost out of my bed when out of the corner of my eye i saw someone moving . i whipped my head around that somebody truly had been watching . outside of the window sat a beautiful cat staring at me . she was a shocking pure white color without a single flaw in her brilliant white coat . although i m not a cat expert it was clear that she was quite large for a cat . she had long attached to her trim athletic physique . she was neither fat nor too skinny only trim and a bit muscular . although her white coat and physique were impressive the most brilliant feature about her was her . these were unlike any animal i had ever seen as they were pure gold . not just gold from the reflective of feline they as though they were actually made from shiny gold . for a moment i into her glorious as she back into mine . something about her golden made me feel as if she was reading my mind my conscience . i admittedly don t know much about but i t help but to feel like she was not a normal cat . i snapped out of it and over to the window to let her in . after i the window she did not immediately come inside . she just sat there for a moment me if i was worthy to live in her home . i her collar which was a gold chain matching her perfectly . attached to the chain was a gold name tag that honestly more like some sort of amulet . engrained on the was a weird symbol of an eye that had a curved line above it and another line from the bottom right corner that formed some sort of curvy . engrained underneath the symbol was the name . kind of a weird name for a cat but whatever . after she to the floor with athletic grace and toward the kitchen with the prowess of a queen . i her into the kitchen where she sat by the shiny gold food dish that came with the home . i in some of the dry food that was sitting in the pantry but up at me dissatisfied . her expression said are you me ? i said to the cat let s see if i have anything better here for you . i dug around the box of pantry food still sitting on the counter until i found a can of tuna . is this what you re looking for ? i the cat as i the tab and the top off . it may have been incidental but i could swear that gave me a gentle single nod . i the dry food and it with the tuna as patiently . as i put the dish on the floor she dug in and hungrily ate the tuna as i returned to my bedroom . after was finished eating she on the bed next to me . i made a good impression i out and her chin . she curled up next to me as i her linen soft fur and we fell asleep together . i spent that weekend and building trust with . she spent a lot of time with me but also spent a lot of time watching me . i really this cat but sometimes i felt a bit well uncomfortable with the way she to analyze every move . i quickly that was a particularly talented . a few times a day i found a new freshly rodent or bird next to the back door . one time i was gazing out the window watching a little gopher skedaddle about . out of nowhere down from a tree limb some high and the poor gopher before it knew what . it was a night the following weekend when got real weird . had grown to trust me a lot better and was laying beside me in my bed . as and i were watching a series a new notification slid down from the top of my phone screen . it was from my dating someone had sent me a message . i up the to find that the guy who had sent me the message was incredibly attractive . he had me if i to do something tomorrow so i eagerly accepted . i honestly get so few on here that i was super excited . i proceed to stalk his profile enjoying the eye candy . don t trust him he is a snake a voice out of seemingly nowhere . i off the bed and onto my accidentally sending rolling to the other side of the bed . my heart was pounding and i was panicked but nobody else was in the room . out of fear that somebody was in my house i picked up the lamp and it at the ready as if it were a weapon that could actually deter an imposter . who s there ? what do you want ? i m calling the police ! i said loudly so anybody in the house would hear . i tried my best to sound angry and confident but honestly i just and shaky at best . i m right here said the voice calmly and politely . the voice came from the cat . the cat ! i down at and i tried to say something but i just through half . i m telling you this once that is not a man he is a snake . do not bring him to this house . said . and with that she off the bed and out the window that i usually kept open for s ease of access . i really don t know how to describe this to you but i did hear and see that cat talk . her mouth and jaw in uncharacteristic ways that should be impossible for a cat but i really did see it . she left me standing there without any sort of explanation as to what the hell had just or why . i was not out of any physical peril but because i had just seen a cat talk . cat s can t talk that s just a fact right ? so why the hell did my cat just talk ? did i hallucinate ? there s no way it actually it was definitely a hallucination . it had to be a hallucination but why am i ? am i crazy ? what else t real ? my mind with these disordered as my heart rate rose and it hard to breathe . i was even sweating now and my were starting to shake underneath me . i felt like i was a panic attack . i onto my bed and tried to take deep but instead i just crying . it was a thing to realize that i was a psychotic break . did i have schizophrenia ? the thought of a severe mental illness just made me cry worse as i that my life would be completely downhill from here . after i enough composure to think half straight i out my and psychosis and schizophrenia . i was trying to find out how my life would be impacted and what treatment would be available . the biggest question i had was whether or not i would be able to function as a human or if i would ultimately die in a mental hospital muttering to talking in a white room . i read and long into the night before i finally just cried myself to sleep sometime early in the morning . i woke up to knocking at the front door . i upright to realize that it was am and i had no idea how long i had been sleeping for . i made an awkward panicked shuffle to the front door to find the attractive guy from the dating standing at my front door . i stood there awkwardly looking like a idiot as i to find anything to say . i forgot all about the lunch date that we had set up . he told me that he would pick me up at and no here he was . i probably absolutely haggard with puffy covered in runny with my hair askew in every which way . hi i m rick mind if i come in ? rick said kindly my disheveled appearance . yeah ! come on in ! i m so sorry i . just wait in the living room while i go get dressed real quick . i told rick talking awkwardly and way too fast . take your time rick said with a handsome smile . i loud hiss filled the room . i turned around to see poised in an aggressive position with her back arched and her tail sticking straight up into the air . she her teeth which i had never just how big and sharp they were . although was a beautiful cat in this pose she menacing . stop it ! i her still upset with what last night . me as i turned to rick . i m so sorry i don t know what s gotten into her . but something was weird about rick he was staring at with hatred and hunger as if he was ready to attack as well . i across the floor and picked up and her out the back door . turning back to rick who to snap out of it i profusely for everything at the same time . i felt so stupid and awkward that i had forgot about our date the door looking like a maniac and that my cat had out on him . calm down it s rick said understandingly you look like you had a rough night . rick out and brushed my hair off my forehead tucking the of hair behind my ear . his soft touch felt good as his hand gently my cheek and down to my throat . his hand suddenly wrapped around my throat with surprising force like he was trying to jam my s apple through the back of my neck . i his hand and tried to pry myself free but his to grow . i could feel them slowly extending their way around my neck until they were wrapped completely around . the around my neck squeezing until i t breathe at all . i him in the eye trying to plead for my life but i t talk or even breathe . his were though . the warm brown that had been there just before were now with bright green that had long black for extending from the top of his green to the bottom . black into my vision as his face colors as well . i tried to scream but again i t make a sound . a loud roar came from my right side as a white blur between us . the hand me and i fell to the ground gasping for breath . i up to see blood pouring from rick s eye with deep gashes extending from his eye and down his cheek . stood poised ready for another attack . she was at least twice her normal size as if she had . rick s body contorted into impossibly long . his fused together into one long tail and coiled into a threatening position showing large from his now elongated face . rick struck at with impossible speed but was faster and out of the way . s freakishly wide and she down on rick ' s neck . her sharp teeth pierced through rick s scaly neck skin causing him to let out a squeal . as rick or whatever the hell he was around trying to free himself whipped him around the room by his neck with the strength of a lioness . finally the snake man s head was off and his head on the floor . the body and twisting on the hardwood floor as it finished into the body of a snake . the resulting dead snake was at least in length and twice the thickness of a softball . i back to the talking warrior of a cat who sat looking at me with her bright gold . she was back to her regular size now and completely at ease despite what had just . what the hell just ? i that cat . i told you said matter of he was not a man he was a snake . but why did he want to kill me ? i desperately . don t worry young one he was after me not you . i like you and i m sorry you were caught up in that . from now on you need to heed my . we can protect one another and this house but you need to listen to me . o was all i could manage to say . gave me a nod then onto the couch to curl up in a cute little and take a nap as if she t just rip the head off a giant shape shifting snake man . she her head one last time before her and said by the way you really t go to work tomorrow . then she her head in between her and went to sleep with no further explanation . i know for sure that i m not because there is a dead foot long snake in my living room and painful bruising around my neck . just in case t weird enough i also just received a from a man saying that he would like to have a team remove the snake body for me . can anybody tell me what the hell my cat is and what the hell is going on ? " out of the way shoe sie " said to me as he brought a stack of over to the aisle where i was working . i that it was such a small store . it meant i kept running into my . " name ' s " i said . " and ' t patty tell you to stand out front and hand out ? business been down . ' t matter if we ' re stocking if no one ' s them . " just at me . " well . . . i convinced patty to make do it . plus ' s a big extrovert anyway . it ' s practically heaven for her . she she she ' s she ' meet a cute guy but i think she ' s just saying that to make me jealous . " i . ' t have an interest in at all . dude was delusional . " i think she ' s already seeing someone . she ' s always someone on break with that look on her face . . " i . " all i know is it ' t you " and me on the shoulder . " or you " i shot back . honestly we were probably more than usual because patty was in a bad mood . it had to do with why was out there to random and why business was down . patty ' s supplier had shown up without the " miracle " for the fourth time in a row specially designed which were sparkling white and had a reputation for the health of the person wearing them . it like to me nothing could be proven but nonetheless myth or not those had a reputation among the older clientele for increasing longevity or vitality . i thought the brand made them feel good . anyway we were all in a bad mood because we patty was seriously considering the store . ' t the regular supplier he had been plus the of the miracle ' t coming in and regular for their . the former brought in a lot of traffic and was responsible for the latter selling decently and keeping the store afloat . " alright since you got this covered i ' m see if needs any help " i said . just gave that arrogant smirk again and i only . despite what he thought and i got on well enough . we were pretty good and of course i ' t want to turn on the charm too thick because she was already seeing someone . i out into the sunny late autumn afternoon and a bit forlorn out the bright green with patty ' s custom . " hey how ' s it going ? " i dumbly . the expression on her face said it all . " not bad . " " listen . . . you have to convince your to keep this store . i know you love working here . me too and well . . . " i . " ' s an ass . for some up reason i don ' t think he ' s all that broken up about the store maybe . and trust me i ' m doing all i can to keep her from shutting this place down . you ' re right i love working here so i practically keep convincing her to open the every day . even if i have my own . " ' t explain what she meant by that and i went back inside to get some work done before break . was just coming out of the small storage room as i and he promptly locked it as he saw me enter the store . " why are you locking it all of a sudden ? " " hey don ' t give me any guff . patty ' d it . i ' m working on a surprise for the store . " later toward time and when had gone out back to toss some garbage i patty to confirm what said . she . " he ' s always so . i figured with all i have on my plate going down i don ' t really care what he does . who ? maybe the surprise he ' s working on will revitalize this place . personally i doubt it . but if his little project him out of my hair it ' s fine by me . " the rest of the day was a bit of a slog a mixture of boredom and mild despair . i left early and still i was the last to leave . or so i thought . about five away from the store i i forgot to lock up . so i drove back and decided to double check everything since i was already there . ' t want want to piss patty off with her already being in a bad mood . i went to to make sure the back were locked then stopped in my as i talking to some strange man in cowboy boots . he was a stack of miracle shoe ! i the sparkling white of the and the halo design . after the exchange they were just standing there talking . the man in cowboy boots was smoking and nodding . he to be getting impatient . he in my direction once or twice and i ' d be seen to the side door which led to the abandoned store next door . my and i for my phone as a source of light . some moonlight was streaming in through the about fifty to my left but it ' t enough to see comfortably . i behind the desk and according to my phone i ' d been waiting for about twenty before hearing the of someone ' s . when i up i was to see standing there waiting by the back . the man in cowboy boots to be waiting expectantly and she the him and him . i was and had to suppress a pang of jealousy . so she was seeing someone i thought . but this person was also a secret rendezvous with ? i could hear their for a few then a little closer behind some shelving so i could better understand what they were saying . " look you keep this up and i ' m not sure why you ' re so interested in my shut down the store . she ' s put her heart and soul into this place . i don ' t want to see it go under either . . . " " i ' already told you why " the man said roughly . " i could buy this place turn it into something special . you just have to push your a little is all . trust me it ' s for the best . " then to cry and then i felt terrible . that ' s why she was feeling so . deep down she the store to remain open . but this man her to sell it . her for him were giving her two about it . said something else i ' t quite hear and then she touched him on the shoulder and sort of him away from the . i let out a quiet breath watching them as they in front of the glass . they to be . eventually they to where i ' t see them . i knew better than to stand up or make any instead to stick to the near a large display rack which had the removed . i for roughly fifteen before stepping out of the darkness into the moonlight . going up to the window there was no sign of or . i hoped she was . the man ' t come across as very friendly more menacing than anything . and they had been . as i had my face up against the glass i a slow scratching sound across the floor . my heart several and i turned around quickly a small metal pole with at the end for protection . " w who ' s there ? " i . the slow scratching sound continued . stopped then continued again . " ? patty ? that you ? " i don ' t know why i said their . i knew they were long gone . the scraping ' t stop instead getting closer until i saw what like an elderly woman very short with grey hair and hateful yellow . she sat on all like some sort of animal . her face was misshapen . her wrinkled asymmetrical . i backed away absolutely . " what are you doing here ? this is my domain ! " the woman said . i could tell she ' t completely human and i long on her which probably made the scraping sound . moonlight off pointed jagged teeth . she continued to crawl toward me teeth together . " i could eat you right now " she in a guttural tone . " . . . . i have for you ! " her voice a hiss . i backed away stumbling over something but before i fell to the ground . i knew if i did i ' t be getting back up . i almost the metal pole though i had been firmly gripping it in outright terror so i to cling onto it . holding the other hand out in front of me i ' t know what to say to the woman and as she inched forward i turned and out the the long metal pole through the . the woman up against the making the glass rattle with her tiny . i backed away trying to catch my breath . the woman continued to bang on the . i kept backing up in the parking lot until something stopped me . human flesh . final ten of life are hell because you don t want it to end but you also really really just want to get it over with . that comes from a desire to live . . i m rambling . my head t straight and it never will be again . my body s in perfect health but i m going to die anyway . the inevitability despite the potential for salvation is the part because i m looking back and realizing that every day of my life could have been a pathetic epilogue . we just trick ourselves into believing in assurance that the end t real . the man who tied me to a chair me to write and share my final . all i want is for him to change his mind about cutting my head off with the ax in his . i know he do it anyway because he a child in front of me not two ago just to prove that he s serious . he he s fascinated by our on the edge of mortality . strangely enough i m sad about the small . i never taste my favorite coffee again . i won t replace the fading house number or finish painting the trellis my wife s been nagging me about even though i . i won t retire to new where the chilly air me of quickly fading college . i think the greater are too difficult too process in such a short time . it s probably a survival mechanism . my wife running her through my hair but i hope that she never touch my head again after it s been from my body . i don t want that to be her last memory . i hope my corpse locked away so she never see it again . my daughter s six . old enough to understand death at least as well as any of us do . too young to spend a lifetime without a father just because one to watch a few of my agony . we were going to have a son . after of trying we re pretty sure that we got pregnant this time . the doctor s appointment is on . more than anything else i m afraid . we walk around with an arrogant assumption of immortality believing that ahead is limited to a few of living . i would have done so many differently if i knew that i was going to die a young man . he s that it s time . i think delirium and panic are ways to help us cope i never that until just now . i m afraid of what s on the other side but if i can communicate before i go i will . one blink is i love you two blinks is i stay with you . three blinks it forever but i m only telling you that so that you can know it s real when i give you comfort because nothing is assured . live every day knowing that . the blade went through on the first swing . he blinked three times . was a girl i knew in when i was a . she was poor and lived with her mother in an old trailer on an empty lot at the other end of town not that my were too well off either . anyway both of us were fat who ' t have many and i guess we sort of toward each other though we ' t talk much . mostly we just sat by ourselves at the lunch table together neither of us much to say . but as time went on we got to talking more and one day in the th grade she me over to her trailer after school . she was an odd girl who wore long even in summer . she was telling me something about there being a beehive at her place that she me to come see but it was a baking hot day in the middle of summer and i was sweating like a pig and could barely concentrate . when we got to her trailer i a buzzing sound coming from it that got as we but all i could think about was getting a drink of water . she let me inside the trailer after making me promise not to tell what was in there . the buzzing was even inside but i hardly attention to it as i her gesture toward the small sink . as i the cupboard looking for a cup a small swarm of bees or flew out suddenly and i back and then saw that the were empty . i was so thirsty i just drank directly from the faucet after that not even about the . i took a long drink and when i finally turned around i saw something that me . i ' t even a huge woman sitting on a chair and it must be the girl ' s mother . there were still flying all around the room and it and like there were an even greater number of them beyond a small adjacent room humming malevolently . " why are there so many bees in here ma ' am ? " i said still not even to the danger . " is there a wasp nest in your house ? " the woman at me vacantly with wide unblinking and i that her arms and face were covered in or of little inflamed red and . " ma ' am are you alright ? " i still in shock . then she slowly formed her mouth into an " o " shape and a single wasp flew out from her . she beamed maniacally after it like a small child blowing a bubble for the first time . something about this me more than i can describe and i knew her mind was gone . " what the . . . what the is that ? " i backing up and then quickly toward the door . but the girl had locked the door and was blocking my path . as i tried to push her away in a sudden panic i felt the first on my and arms like little pin pricks . " let me out let me out ! " i as loud as i could as i with the girl . she was almost as heavy as i was and surprisingly strong and she dragged me to the ground where we violently for several long . " i ' m sorry " the girl back at me as we fought . " there ' s bees in my brain ! there ' s bees in my brain ! " she . she to be by as much sheer mortal terror as i was which only my own and somehow i was finally able to push her off me so that she fell back and hit the table and then i unlocked the door of the trailer and outside . there were all over me and i rolled frantically on the dusty ground then ran a bit then tumbled and rolled some more screaming my head off the entire time . what drove me the most insane was that it felt like some of the were trying to crawl inside my and mouth and . and all the time that horrible unstoppable buzzing . after that it hazy but the next thing i knew for sure i was in a hospital room and my and step dad were there . i was covered head to toe in wasp and the said i was lucky to be alive . the police said there had been a huge wasp nest in that girl and her ' s trailer and the had both of them . government had then come and all the with special smoke . but strangely as i learned much later from some news the girl and her mother had both been partially " eaten " from the inside . the had inside them to lay their and according to some of the may have somehow " " their brain . but this was by later and all of the original this were later removed but were by various . some of those other similar as well that had been similarly or retracted by the media . in nature will inject poison and into various other from to to that the wasp to manipulate their behavior and turn them into " zombie " so to speak so that they can slowly eat them or lay their inside them so that the larvae can feed on the bug after they hatch or in the case of even manipulate them to build the wasp larvae a special cocoon out of their own . before i left the hospital i had told the i felt like there was something stuck in my ear that and i thought it was a wasp still stuck in there but they said it was nothing to worry about . that itch with me for and at night i of the horrible buzzing . i tried to tell my about it so she ' d take me back to the doctor but she never did . according to one theory on those these wasp with people happening some time around the s or s when the us government was doing nuclear testing in the southwest . i don ' t know if that ' s true . but i do know one thing . there ' s bees in my brain . i can ' t go to the doctor . they won ' t let me . they ' laid dormant for many somehow but they ' be coming out soon . i hear the horrible buzzing all the time now . i ' m sorry . this was supposed to be a beauty spell . a quick one and done " now i ' m beautiful ! " situation . i have no desire to convince you of magic . i just need someone to know that among the out in the world right now i am one that made a terrible mistake casting this one . xb because i don ' t want this getting back to my mentor or someone else i ' go by another name on here . i ' m penny . i ' m not old but i ' m not young . . . wait that ' s not important . what ' s important about me right now is that i am a woman . i ran away from a farmhouse and together of a new life on my way out west . it took several to hop my way over to and meet more like myself . men and so many more . they me see that there ' s so much life to live when i am fully openly myself . xb my friend mentor . . . let ' s call her me into her home with open arms . she taught me so much about what it to live a full authentic life as a woman . we would run in and out of the by energy and . one morning i grab a small jar from her robe . some of its contents you might find in a spice blend or a tea infuser . dried or maybe ? the shimmering however were nothing like i had ever seen before . xb " you know i can see you don ' t you ? " from the counter to my jaw self at the kitchen doorway . i ' t know how to respond . xb " darling how do you think we ' been able to keep up with this world ? " she handed me my morning and for the next half hour she at least a dozen that i had . was i being ? how could i trust her ? what was in the jar ? xb that last question was the only one i actually about but i did my best not to seem too eager . xb " tell you what . if you can bring me this list of by pm tonight i ' tell you all you need to know about the jar and your new true life . " handed me a list several twenty dollar and left to finish getting ready for her day job . xb i ' t understand . i thought i was already doing that . i was wearing clothes that my new . i had a voice that felt more like my mother ' s and less like my dad ' s . i was dating multiple people of multiple when the old me could barely speak two to an attractive person . what was my " new true life " if it ' t this ? xb i in sick from work to grab everything . i knew of some of the on the list . lamb . . ginger root . elderberry syrup . a few quick me find the obscure herbal and cooking on the list . i made it back to the apartment before did . i out the into search to find something . anything . i had to keep my anxiety or was it excitement ? from getting the better of me . xb in a few before pm two pillar and a dram of oil in hand . i cannot describe what we did next because that would give away who i am if or someone else this . the last thing i need is for her to know that i told anyone . . . well anything . later it felt like i had the door to a library that never . and i it . two liter size water from the and sent one to me . the bottle across the dining room to my lap like this was an everyday occurrence . xb " now that i ' let you in penny there are two you need to know and do from here on out . " the sound of her battled my gulping down the water bottle in my hand . xb " one . magic is a constant and ever flowing exchange . what we want will only come back to us if we give a fair and equitable payment for it . " she for me to finish the bottle in its entirety there were no more from her guidance . xb " two . under no should you perform magic that you have not been trained in . there are even that have so much you can learn about how to properly exchange and from this world for this world . but it can be very dangerous very quickly . i cannot and i will not help you if you veer from this warning . " xb gave me an inquisitive glance trying to decipher if i was taking in her with the gravity they deserved . i could only nod . i had almost devotion for being thrust even into something so beautiful and dangerous at the same time . there was also the fleeting thought that eventually led me to this post xb " . . . but what will happen if i try new to me magic without training ? " xb fast forward to day . i had been searching for new to make that could possibly teach me . i was tired of wearing and the cast on my head for hair growth made patchy shoulder length on one side of my head . me day in and day out that this type of exchange took time . but i was done and i to give more to get this over with now . xb the browser i had open had a short list of and a two word title " revenge hair . " something must have to what i was looking at and she closed the from the other room . her strut into the living room felt more like thunder before a storm . xb " i forbid you to look at that spell again . do you understand me ? " my face must have had shock at some point and the heat of anger melted it into a frown . all of this made the most expressive i had ever seen her be . " do not test me penny ! i will not explain myself . you will not cast this spell . end of story . " without waiting for a response sent the kitchen into a flurry of floating and food . i back up the that the browser were still there . but the screen was blank . when i the power button a small spark me and out three of the display . this was the first time since meeting her that i felt of . xb i was stubborn though . i went searching for in the we . i around for a band that went by the name " revenge hair " or something similar . i even scribbled my number and the " looking for revenge hair " on and lamp . some me for like sex and the like . it was the text from an unknown number that through . xb the number was so even now i have no clue how to search for who me . the image i got like a of the site i had only it was mirrored and upside down . i wrote down only unique or important to avoid detection and rushed to get all the i to do the spell that night . xb the " revenge hair " spell is too dangerous for me to rewrite here . the way you know it is in fact real and should stay away from it is that it the " blue full moon " as part of its . another way you will know is with this opening line " this spell the skin off your enemy ' s back for your glowing growing hair . " xb the reason why the spell " revenge " in the name ? it an unwilling exchange from of the . even fake hair works as by now . i to see instant impact on those who have wronged me so i did everything in the glow of the night outside our house . breaking " second commandment in all my being up and next to the and garbage in the alleyway . in a way she me cast this spell after all . xb i piled everything on my wobbly desk and got to work . after i spoke the final word of that spell i was instantly by an immense pain on the left side of my head . it felt as though each strand of hair was being hard back into my head thrashing around under my skin . my turned sticky from the blood that was pouring down my profile . i was a sight rolling around in an alleyway in red . my were the only painkiller i could muster . xb though it felt like had it had only been roughly . realizing that the pain had completely i onto my and rushed as best i could back to the house . my were pounding on the door uncontrollably shouting for my friend and my mentor . i frantically my for my that she had already the . adrenaline me kick in the door and i for at the top of my . xb i checked each room of the first floor screaming all the way through the house . a small pool of crimson me at the foot of the . my to buckle underneath me but i ' t . this was my fault . i had to drag myself up those and see what i had done . i and that had made this out to be some kind of prank . xb my were in vain . a mass of and on the hallway floor were what of . her once beautiful figure now more an anatomy class display of the muscular system . i fell to the ground laying in the crimson still flowing from her body . i to vomit to scream to cry all of it at once . my desire to hold my friend won out as i over and closed my hand on hers as gently as i could . xb belted a screech i had never before from a human being . whether it was from pain or shock did not return my grip or move an inch . panic set in that " following mine would alert everyone in hearing distance and someone would be calling the police . or worse . i " forehead and watched as blood streaked from where her were . i tried to apologize . to take it all back . but busted cannot be undone . i stole money had around the house a small bag with some of her clothes and wallet and ran as far as my would carry me . xb i left and that is all i will say about that . i have no idea what to . best case she is still alive and or someone else found a way to regenerate the exchange i made with her skin for my hair . worst case she that night and i can pose as her until some combination of and or police come after me . there is some part of me that that it had to be worth it . more to assuage my guilt than justify what i did . unfortunately for me the spell is still working . how do i know that ? xb it again on the full moon and i had to give a name for each full moon in a year . i as i the door to the hotel embracing the warmth of the lobby as we the harsh city . i m going to go get us checked in . jack said . i and around as my husband to the desk to get our . for the middle of the holiday season this hotel extremely empty . it like jack and i were the only people that were in . i it off as the harsh of the pandemic . jack had been traveling for work and i decided to tag along because i was getting tired of working from home . as soon as i had come out of my frozen state i up to join jack at the desk as he was up our . your room number is and is on the back of the key card . i the concierge telling jack . i up at him and saw that he had already had a large unnatural smile on his face . i awkwardly back and tried to not make as much eye contact . enjoy your stay ! he said not breaking his smile . i quickly jack s arm and him towards the elevator . t you think it was weird how there was no one else in the lobby ? he . maybe this is a weird check in time ? i mean a lot of people check in too to minimize face to face contact . he said assuredly . he s probably right i thought to myself . we stepped into the room and there was almost this rancid smell . i as jack stepped in ! what in here ? i went to go open the but they had locked them off . i m going to call downstairs this is unbearable i picked up the phone only to hear radio silence . i the cord to see that it had been off the wall . that s weird i stated the phone back on the receiver . the i said turning back to jack . he the not too bad let s go walk around outside and maybe it be gone when we re back . we can tell the front desk before we head out . i agreed and we were getting ready when i a thud at the door . that s weird i thought to myself i don t remember anyone supposed to come up here . i out the peephole and t see anything at first as i tried to readjust my i saw something at the end of the hallway . there was a man standing at his door his back facing toward me . he was dressed in a blue sweater and . i feel like he t be able to move that fast so i m sure i was just hearing and did not think much of it when jack had me out of my trance and if i was ready to go . i and the door the man was nowhere to be seen as i through the hallway towards the . we the smell and phone cord to the creepy concierge and he again us an smile and told us he d be it out . i as i broke eye contact with him and prepared myself for the harsh . the walk was nice we got to see the city i did trip a couple of times as my clumsy and iced did not mix . we t spend as much time out as we thought given the harsh weather . honestly i was starting to like the cold harsh to the creepy hotel room waiting for us back at the hotel . after we had come back to the hotel the concierge t at the desk . we thought nothing of it and returned to our room the smell was gone at least . what s weird is that we t seen or with a single person outside of the hotel staff i had seen that one man outside the peephole so i was reassured that there was someone in this hotel . do you want to order room service ? jack removing his coat that had a light layer of snow . i did they fix the phone ? let me check he said as he over to the phone i m getting a ringing tone ! he said . i breathed a sigh of relief maybe this place t that bad . something me to check and make sure our door was properly locked even though the of someone getting back here without a key was small . as i was locking the door i quickly out the peephole again . and there he was the same man except now he was a door over . still facing the door so i t make out his face . i froze in place . ? what did you want ? jack phone still up to his ear . jack i whispered urgently you need to see this . i said him over . i m on the phone ? with room service ? he said in an obvious tone . there s this guy and he was there before but at a different door . it s creeping me out . i nervously said . he before walking over to me and if he could see . i for him to look for himself and realize what i was talking about . he turned to me with large . he . do you see it ? i eagerly . are you feeling ? did you hit your head when you slipped at the park today ? he . i his shoulder lightly jerk . he and back to the phone i m just going to get you a i t listening . i had already my back onto the peephole and was watching intently as the man t whatsoever and was standing at the door . he rigid as if he could see me watching him . let s watch a movie while we wait for the food to come i and over to the bed . stop out i m sure it s nothing . jack said getting into bed and under the . i m sure it s nothing i told myself . about a half hour later there was a knock at our door . i went to go open it and it was our food that we had ordered . it was the same creepy guy from the concierge desk . don t they have any other ? your food . he said with the large creepy smile . thanks . can i ask you a question ? i said turning to him . of course . he said not breaking his smile . i keep seeing someone outside my peephole . i m not sure if it s a hotel guest but they stand out there for long of time . is he ? i almost unsure how to word the question . for the second i could sworn i saw his smile falter and fear flash through his . but just as fast as it came it was gone . i have no idea what you re talking about ma am you are the only on this floor . no one else should be here unless they are hotel staff . i closed the door left with more than what i with . i slowly back out the peephole and and fell back . he had gotten closer . i was able to make out more . his hair was greasy and cut off in his clothes were beaten and as if he had been wearing them for . he was unmoving . right then jack had in ! are you ? he ran up to me and me up . the guy outside he went to go rip the door open . wait jack no ! i tried to stop him but it was too late . the door was and i t see anyone . what are you talking about ? i m getting worried . he said the door and walking back to me . there s a man outside but you can see him and i don t know what to do . i said . he me for a long time before sighing . i think you re tired . it s really late and i have to be up early for my meeting tomorrow . how about we call it a night and we revisit tomorrow if you still feel this way ? he . i slowly . yeah that fine . i said . we did our nightly routine and i decided to not look back out the peephole as i t want to see how close he had gotten . i m sure i was paranoid and just seeing so my idea was if i t look i would have nothing to worry about . given the fact that i was in no immediate danger i decided to leave it be . at the middle of the night i up i was so . i got up to go get water . as i was headed back i had a sudden urge to look out the peephole . i guess i some ease of my mind that i was just seeing last night . i my eye against the peephole only to see an eye looking back at me . it outside . that thing out there it eats away at who i am my well being and maybe even my sanity . when i see it i want to rip out my when i hear it i wish i were deaf anything to remove it from my life . who am i ? you wonder ? it s of no importance in due time it won t matter when i am but a bloated torn corpse on the floor of my cabin . the cold unforgiving of this forest will consume me if it t . it was not unlike any other day when i first it my poor dog and i hunting for elk out there nowadays i barely think it safe to step outside . but that s beside the point we were out in the snow covered and i what i to be an elk . it similar to that of an elk call at first glance although that noise been ingrained into my memory forever it had a low growl and distortion to it . in hindsight i should have ran back to my cabin my and gone into town perhaps the hustle and bustle of would be better to my taste than this place . but that was not on my mind then i only for hunting when life was simpler . to be alert and curious at the noise but as we close to the beast he grew hesitant and fearful . i should have known then to run . i forward my head back towards and before i knew it i was by the wet sodden large of the beast in front of me . it pinned me to a tree holding me with one hand and his other hand to be down . the monster s appearance was unlike anything i seen . it was tall beastly covered in and with huge with long thin it to be wearing the head of a deer or elk the down over its head and onto its . the skin of the creature itself to be naturally a grey color though much of it was in a thin yet fine layer of what i can only assume to be blood . it me there all while to do god what with me when it finally took notice of s barking and growling . forward biting the creature s gangly leg it its grip on me and turned to face . that s when i ran i t get my gun and help my dog face the beast i ran away to hide away when the beast knew i was there not before but after it was too late for me . it s been since then i barely go outside . i ran out of food yesterday . i still hear it out there i still see it out there it my only friend out here . i left my gear out there . i have no of fighting this creature and if it t come in here and kill me soon i will likely die of starvation . so to whoever is reading this please if you ever hike out in the of nova scotia please be wary and don t stay for too long lest you be taken by the horrible monster that these . . . r kfur for shapeshifter the . . r khav for doggo not man ' s best friend i can tell you that . . r kbis for poison a sort of scavenger hunt . . r kzne for link more pain for me . . r kl for possession it was bad enough to deal with them in xb xb the next day i woke up to my doorbell ringing . i it to find and on my doorstep . was in his arms . i t say anything . i just stepped aside to let them in . xb xb this place is quite a mess . you should clean it up . xb i haven t been feeling up to it . xb well for your sake we hope your attitude soon because we have something we need you to do said . xb and what s that ? xb we it last night . your job today will be to dig up the grave of the boy after his funeral . xb what ? xb xb all fatigue i had dissipated at those . xb xb are you familiar with my daughter ? . xb her ? t she a death goddess ? xb you could call her that . we need and you to go to the realm where she to discuss certain . to get there you must perform a ritual that you can only do with the aid of here . you have to use the boy s body as a tribute to her . xb why ? haven t these people been through enough ? how come it to be him ? xb because them fresh . now i suggest you gather the you need before we return . xb xb he and left . i watched them get in the couple s car which was pretty nice looking . i how they know how to operate it . apparently possessing someone t just mean taking them over . it also being able to become that person to a certain extent . xb xb this the possessor the of their host and can act almost exactly like them . i say almost because certain of the possessor will bleed through . this could be as obvious as someone doing a complete one eighty in of personality or as subtle as them no longer enjoying the taste of certain . the only thing i had to get was some all black clothes and a shovel . after that it was just a matter of waiting until and picked me up . xb xb how do they manage to make each of my days worse than the last ? i as i down at the grave shovel in hand . xb xb get to work . we don t have all night said . xb i want to get home so we can spend time together . it s been so annoying to hear people s crying all day added . xb true honey but you have to admit it was fun to act . xb well yes i suppose it was she . i miss my baby so much she cried out . xb xb i experienced equal dread and revulsion listening to her . the dread came from hearing just how well they can blend in and act like everyone else . i think the reason for the revulsion is obvious . xb xb spot on . hurry up . will you ? xb xb i deeply and . then digging . the work took longer than i thought it would . even with the on my still by the time i finished . my arms burned fiercely . i on the shovel breathing heavily with sweat coating my face . xb xb good job . now get his body out and wrap it in this said tossing a large blanket down to me . xb xb xb i hate what i did . i hate myself for doing it and everything else i had to do since getting the necklace . the only i had were it or eternal torture . the only thing i could do is get it over with as quickly as possible . i t even look in the coffin . xb xb i just threw the blanket over the s body and warped him up with it . and down at me . i handed the body over to them and out of the grave . when i finished covering the grave back up we left the cemetery . i was riding in a car with a monster wolf two insane and a child s corpse in the trunk . xb xb grab him out of the trunk and bring him inside ordered . xb xb i tried to think about something else as i carried the body . i the . they lead me to the dining room . it turned out they had made some . drawn on the table was a runic circle with a woman s face in it . xb xb the face very pretty on one side that is . the other side to be peeling away to reveal flesh rotting to expose the skull underneath . surrounded the circle . they instructed me to lay the body in it . once i did they lit the . xb xb do i still need to be here ? xb be quiet and join us told me . xb xb i with her and feeling their otherworldly touch . stood just outside the circle . the three of them chanting . the on the and to my surprise colors . they turned black as though in the of were dancing on the . xb xb they grew nearly touching the ceiling . what next made me want to flee that house . if it t for and holding me in place i would have . the covered the body then almost as if in contrast to their heat the room got really cold . xb xb what s happening ? i unable to control my shivering . xb xb my question went . then i two that will haunt my sleep for a long time . the first was the sound of the corpse burning . the body crackled and twisted in the . the second was the voice that came from them . xb xb who upon me ? a woman from the shadowy fire . xb xb i thought s voice was frightening . it t compare to how this woman . her yet it was somehow colder than the room we stood in . i absolutely no humanity in it . xb xb it s good to be speaking with you again said . xb father is that you ? i thought you were bound . xb we to subvert that . it s a long story . anyway we need your help . xb with what ? xb xb . for the first time i saw worry come over and s . that me to fear her even more . if she can make them sweat how strong is she ? despite that i did take some pleasure in seeing them distraught which they because they shot me dirty . xb xb " we re a plan in motion to take over . the issue is we can t do so without an army which is where you come in if you would be so as to assist us . xb xb and why would i do that ? you stood by as cast me out and t care enough to visit me once before your punishment . as far as i m concerned you two are equally worthless . xb xb had the expression of a man who had just been . xb well my dear daughter would this offer not be an opportunity for you to take revenge on him ? xb it s a little late to try and cozy up to me . still i suppose you do have a point but how can i help when i m trapped here ? xb we can take care of that . all you have to do is give us your word that you give us your help . xb i m sure you can understand why i m trouble believing you father . how do i know you won t betray me if i agree to this ? xb we perform a soul bond that way nobody can betray someone else . you can rule over for all i care . i only desire revenge against the and who wronged us . xb very well . i will allow you entrance to my realm so we can perform the bound . don t keep me waiting . xb xb the shadowy went back to normal . xb xb how do we go to her ? i . xb all it will take is some blood from each of us holding up a knife . xb xb the four of us with the exception of sliced our open to let our blood drip onto the circle . he drew blood by biting his own arm . the shape again . xb xb we better step back said . xb xb we did so as the chaotically . xb xb it won t be long before we are able to enter the realm said . xb yeah . i can t wait father of the year . xb xb me against the wall . it hurt . at that moment though it was worth it even if i did fear he would do something beyond that . xb xb if you ever say anything like that to me again with my own i will xb xb the shot forward interrupting his sentence . they formed into the shape of a door that stood right in front of the table . seeing this me and his clothes up . xb xb come on servant he coldly said . xb you too i thought . xb xb i t want to push my luck any further by telling him that . once again feeling that same coldness i my coat that i left on the couch . going through the door made me feel as though i had somehow ended up on top of a mountain . her realm was even colder . it t as bad as the void but still enough to make me shiver . xb xb move faster . it warm you up advised . xb xb i just in response to this statement while trying to ignore the cold . it t just a physical cold . the place was the embodiment of depression . a perpetual gloominess hung over the place . what we on was basically rocky terrain with mountainous surrounding it far off in the distance . even my neck did not enable me to see the top of the which into a cloudy sky . xb xb it s been so long since i come to this hall stated xb hall ? i said . this place is way too big to be that . xb we just use it as a way to describe a particular section of a realm . the realm we re currently in is and where we re going is . xb hell as in the place with the devil and ? xb xb just as an aside when i m done with all this i need to see if i can opt out of our world s afterlife . i don t find either of them very appealing . xb xb no she continued . it s far different than the one . only the people end up here . xb how come we haven t seen anyone yet then ? xb you should be thankful for that . people who end up here are to people like you . xb like me ? xb everyone stop said . xb xb his up a far off noise . xb xb what is it ? i him . xb everyone hide he xb xb we behind a large boulder . by the time we did a moaning noise throughout the area . just listening to it made me feel a deep hopelessness . i soon found out its source . shambling down the road were of people . xb xb they slowly . they t really walk so much as they did drag their as though dragging something heavy behind them . each one had the posture of someone with regret heavy on their . they so sad . i who they were . xb xb they go by different . typically they re to as the damned the tormented the guilty among . we refer to them as the dreamless . xb xb why do you call them that ? xb i think that is obvious . what do you notice about them ? do you detect any hope or motivation among these people ? xb what are they searching for ? xb some kind of warmth . something to hope for . that s why we re from them because we have what they lost the capability of possessing . xb so they have no desire whatsoever ? xb that s not entirely accurate . they do desire to undo the that them to end up here . xb i really hope i don t end up here . xb you don t have to worry about that . if you die now you end up in our realm with us for all eternity remember ? xb yeah t i lucky ? how long do we have to wait for them to pass anyway ? xb it t be too long said . just don t be too loud . it attract them . xb got it . xb xb do you know how you say you re not going to do something and end up doing it a second later ? well i and since my tend to sound similar to it needless to say the dreamless . hearing the sound they shambling towards our direction . xb xb imbecile cried out thumping me on the back of the head . xb ow sorry . it s really cold down here . can t you fight them off ? xb i believe the phrase strength in is applicable to our situation said . xb meaning there s too many of them for you to fight ? xb that s exactly what that said . normally they t be a problem for us but we can t exert our usual strength in these without them . xb let s just outrun them then . they don t look very fast . xb xb pointed ahead and i saw why that t an option . the dreamless had broken into a run . their of hopelessness were with ravenous of hunger . soon they surrounded us . we tried to fight them off . xb xb however with them being dead the most we could do was knock them down before they got right back up . getting touched by them gave me one of the worst i have ever experienced . as i pushing one away several my arms . when their made contact with my skin i felt every other emotion aside from sadness leave me . all the i ever had came to the forefront of my mind . xb xb " so warm " i the dreamless say . " stay with us . we ' re so cold . " xb xb the frightening thing is i actually to stay with them . i don t have a lot of in my closet . however i do have that i dwell on sometimes . i know this is a cop out but nobody ' s perfect right ? the coldness made me lose strength . xb xb my vision going black . then the dreamless just let us go . worried came over them . a noise far off in the distance was rapidly approaching . i it as galloping . xb xb get down . xb xb we did so . approaching us was a horse with one of its front missing . i could plainly see that of its flesh had away its skull . looking into its empty eye me to feel as though i was staring into a void . what fur it did have was deeply pale and almost to glow . what me even more than it was its rider . xb xb she equal bitterness and rage . a pitch black cloak covered her . over her face she wore a half gold and silver mask . it the comedy and tragedy except it ' t convey any emotion . her however did . xb xb they a piercing blue . in them i could see both rage and resentment in them . i ' read that is than . just at a glance i knew that was no exaggeration . she a large clear scythe with of frost stuck to it . xb the dreamless tried to flee . unfortunately for them they ' t fast enough . with one swing of her scythe most of them in half . i watched both amazed and as their froze . then upon the ground . xb xb their broken quivered . the i could see among them only fear and pain . they were practically begging for an end to their afterlife just with their . the rest of the dreamless had off at this point . we stood to properly greet . xb xb " it ' s been a long time father " she said coldly staring down at . " you look different . " xb xb despite the cold of sweat down his face . xb xb " oh yes . well we to acquire mortal . they t be our first but can t be as the saying goes right ? xb indeed nonchalantly said and turned her gaze in my direction and pointed her scythe at me . xb xb i back . xb xb i can tell that you t dead . who are you and what business do you have in my realm ? xb xb the cold glass blade of her scythe against my throat . xb xb i m just doing for your dad . i don t want any trouble . would you mind please lowering your scythe ? xb xb her were piercing as she studied me . just being in the presence of her stare made me want to shudder . i made sure i t though . that blade was incredibly sharp and i t want to take any by flinching involuntarily . she at . xb xb he s our servant he xb really ? how did that come to be ? xb well the walk back to your castle is fairly long . why don t i explain on the way there ? xb xb she and put her scythe away . i . the blade of her scythe retracted and its stick shrank down . she put it in her room and pointed to . xb xb he with me . xb xb he onto her horse and him behind the . i guess she a soft spot for him . even some tend to stick together . as we to her how i came to be in his . i behind them alongside . xb xb have always been this tense between them ? i whispered . xb not at first but apart tend to do that to any relationship . xb i read that he um . . . how should i put this ? got around . how true is that ? xb let s just say he his fair share of . being a shapeshifter does expand one s for potential . xb t he get by a horse ? xb thin ice . xb xb she deeply at me so i decided to change the subject . xb xb i read somewhere that you have right ? xb had . xb had ? xb was responsible for the death of balder s son . the punishment for doing so t only extend to him . it also extended to our and . xb xb rage built up in her voice . xb xb what . . . to them ? xb was turned into a wolf . he lost his sense of self and his own brother . xb i . xb that still ' t enough to satisfy that bastard . do you know what was done to next ? xb i m not sure . xb s entrails were into and used to bind . do you have any idea what that s like ? try to imagine if the thing your freedom was literally your one s corpse . xb xb silence fell between us . i t know what to say at that . truth be told i did feel bad for her . however the fact i had been put through mental physical and spiritual torture over the last several days this feeling . still i know that a mother s wrath is something to be feared regardless of whether or not she is a god . xb xb wait . i could sworn i read somewhere that is ' s son . xb by blood yes but he spent most of his time with us . felt by the fact he had formed a bond with us and decided a fitting punishment would be forcing him to murder his best friend . xb . that s rough . xb we have our revenge though and then we be with them . xb are all of up i thought . xb xb we eventually at s castle . all in all it pretty generic aside from the people to the with their sewn shut . xb xb oh god . i think i can see them i said . what did they do to deserve this happen to them ? xb i got tired of hearing them scream every time they saw my face . it s the reason i m wearing this mask . xb but that t explain why they re to the wall . xb that s their punishment for disturbing my rest . they kept begging to be let into my castle and eventually i got sick of hearing them whine . i was looking to spruce up the place so this worked out in my favor . plus it s worked as a strong deterrent to keep away . xb xb the pleading of her down at us . i down to avoid their gaze . someone the for us . the man standing before us to be the most well godlike of any of the i met so far . his hair and overall physique were certainly something to behold or at least they would be if not for his deathly pale hue . xb xb good to see you are back my he said to and briefly at us . xb tell the to make for a soul bonding ritual she ordered . xb xb he and went off . xb xb i can t believe it said . you ' to get to serve you ? xb ? i . xb s son . xb yes . breaking someone as strong willed as he me greatly but it was worth it . xb xb satisfaction deeply coated s voice . i got the sense bending to her will was something she had been trying to do for a very long time . now that she accomplished it she was clearly relishing in the sense of victory . the look in s gave me the desire to leave this woman s presence as soon as possible . xb xb do you have anything to eat ? . i m . xb yes . i sent and to bring something from the kitchen but xb they re taking a while ? xb as usual . i have another servant fetch something for us . xb xb shortly later we were sitting at a large table . in front of us sat a banquet especially in contrast with the gloominess of s castle . she was seated across from as well as and . sat beside me . xb xb the food nice he said . t you going to eat ? i imagine running the underworld must take a lot of energy . xb i m not hungry right now she coldly said . but you need all of your energy for the soul bonding ritual speaking of which why t you eating ? xb xb she at me . quite frankly that was enough to take away my appetite . it s just hard to eat when the embodiment of scorn her gaze in my direction . with that being said though there was no way in hell pun not intended i was going to tell her that . therefore i came up with a more tactful response . xb xb is the food not to your liking ? . xb no . it s just that i of people to stay in the underworld because they ate some food while in it . xb in other you think this food is cursed ? xb xb i t answer . xb xb i must admit you re more perceptive than you appear . that is partly how i to get under my control . however what would i gain from doing that to you ? it s much more beneficial to have you all working for me from the outside . xb xb i down at my food which was some ham with a side of garlic bread . i cut into it and slowly raised it to my mouth . i found that it actually tasted pretty good . i t detect any hint of cursedness in it . although i m not really sure how something cursed or if food it to taste any different . i imagine if it did it would make it taste better . xb xb that way someone would be more to eat it . anyway by the time we finished eating a servant came in to inform that the for the soul bonding ritual were complete . we got up . then . while walking i two standing in the hall . they of food and were so still i would thought they were if it t for them blinking . xb xb go take that to the dining room told them . xb xb we continued to the end of the hall . i back and saw that they had barely an inch from their spot . we got to the room which lied behind two large double . xb here we are she said pushing them open . xb xb in front of us stood a round table . on it were some . one of them was in the shape of a wolf . they were surrounded by a needle and thread . xb xb i don t like where this is going i thought . xb xb the thread was clear and i could sense it had a life of its own . i could see of wispy blue surging through it . not only that i could hear the faint sound of coming from it . what unnerved me even more was the dagger standing in the middle of the table . the against it . xb xb stood near the table . he a large book with in it . as we got closer i could see all over it . they up and on us . seeing they grew wide with fear . if she ' s this scary when she ' s calm i ' d hate to see her angry . xb xb " good work . now everyone place your hand on the table . " xb xb we did and the book . he chanting and the thread moving the needle . ' s hand was the . it pierced into it drawing blood . he ' t so much as flinch as it wormed its way in . it out of his finger and shot into the nearest doll . xb the doll took on his . this process continued with the . at last the needle went into me . it hurt far more than i thought it would . i could feel it scrape my as it inside my hand . mercifully it came out of my finger and into the last doll . this in now two my the one already . xb xb i m going to be honest . i m not a big fan of my soul divided up . every time it like a piece of me is being away . not to mention the fact the people who are in possession of my soul are . if anyone is wondering where i would go if i since my soul is technically in two different i m at a loss on how to answer that and i m in no rush to find out . xb are we done ? i relieved the needle was out of me . xb we only have one more step said . we must place our on top of each other . xb xb when we did she the dagger out of the table and without warning thrust the blade through our . i and tried my hand back . the t so much as flinch . xb xb would you shut up ? snapped at me . xb you re a knife through my hand i . xb xb she rolled her . xb xb we never finish this if he screaming . xb want me to knock him out ? . xb no . i can take care of it . xb xb all did was lift up a hand to her face and remove her mask . she far more than what i read of her . while one side of her face was indeed beautiful the other half me to the point my breath t go out . she the knife free and i felt myself falling back . whether this was from blood loss or sheer terror i m not sure . xb xb i only remember one thing before passing out . that was pressing my blood soaked hand against my doll . after that everything went black . i woke up later back in the dining room as the portal was . i down and saw that my hand had been . i to get to my . xb xb well i don t know about you but i think that went well said . xb can i have one day with you that ' t end with me in horrible pain ? xb that remains to be seen he . anyway on the way back we further . i m sure you re probably too to have us relay the information to you so go and rest up . we let you know about it tomorrow . i will say though . i m in a bit of a party mood . xb xb he gave a wide smile as he said that last sentence . seeing it a shudder to run through my body . i dragged myself upstairs where i found the guest room to sleep in . this post all the i experienced over the past week . that tomorrow will be a surprise to me . xb xb i each day mainly as a of coping with everything i ' seen . i find writing them down to be therapeutic . of course it only so much . i probably look ten older than i really am due to lack of sleep . it goes without saying that i am not looking forward to the party they re going to have . i guess all i can do is hope i have the strength to get through it . xb . . r kib for the party those who ' t attend were very lucky . i live by the sea but please don t get excited by that . people always gush about how lucky i am and how i must spend every spare moment on the shore as though salt in my hair and kicking were somehow more diverting than . i don t get it . i never have to be honest . this town this coast is not the crystal turquoise ocean of vacationer s . it s cold and ruined and forgotten . the sea is always broiling in this putrid grey green colour topped with foam and sputum . the roar and beat the shingle mercilessly constantly and worst of all it of death . i hate it . that s why i need you to understand i t come across this by choice . my flat is fine . it is what it is . i live a life in a town that is slowly to death . but my flat is a little sanctuary of and i have made the best of what i can afford . decent kettle comfy sofa a couple of unkillable for company . any other i would be out talking to my and maybe watching a random b movie to waste time while i but today some idiot set off the fire alarm . not a big deal really just a minor annoyance and i figured it would go off in a few but ten went by then twenty then forty after two i was about ready to lose my mind so i into my coat and headed out . i don t know how many of you live in quiet but here nothing much on a the town sort of goes to sleep . which is nice i guess when you re not trying to escape so i t have much choice when it came to passing the time . i aimlessly to begin with the salt bleached and hanging . there was one for a up restaurant that was so faded it was reduced to a pair of cartoon and text that read fish which made me chuckle . i t even i was headed to the beach until my boots hit the . we don t have sand here at least not unless you wait for the of low and fancy calling the wormy mud sand . mostly it s calico about the size of salad potatoes all over . it took me a couple of to get into a rhythm and find my balance as i headed down to the . i honestly don t know what came over me . maybe it was some residual madness from the ringing in my but whatever it was the momentum carried me as close as i could get with dry . i suppose i had never really at the sea before . the rotten seaweed tang stung my throat and i t linger long . just enough to confirm my that it was ugly and and move on . today was different there was something else in the air a taste maybe or a sound . i t put my finger on it but i out at the swell while i for the answer . then i saw her . i t focus at first i was watching the rolling trying to see the white i had people describe them as . then i saw a tangle of kelp swaying inside the murk almost dancing . that s what i mistook her for at first detritus in the seaweed until her hand broke through the black as if she was reaching for me . t know what to do and i m ashamed to admit i longer than i should have back and forward willing myself to run away or dive in and caught between the two . after a moment that like a lifetime i threw off my coat and into the surf . it . was . freezing . i honestly don t have the for how cold it was . i felt like a rhino had just me in the and my sluggish and once i was in up to my sternum . still i fought through it and carried on . i t really have to swim just do this ungainly hop and motion to get to her . the were over my head now if i the jump and salt had begun to sting my my vision . i got close and almost had a panic attack when a leathery strap of seaweed wrapped around my neck like a snap bracelet . i clawed it off and out again trying to find the outline of her arm trying to save her . the water was in my nose running down my face i t really see anything other than the dark of the kelp and the hollow green water but i kept reaching until i felt something solid . i only made it to her but i tried as hard as i could to interlace them with mine and pull her toward me . i was sputtering gobbing of freezing water mixed with snot out from the force . her were cold but then so were mine so a tiny hope still that she could be alive . i her palm and to feel some relief i had her i could help her i this is hard to describe it all so quickly but so slowly all at once . i had to interlock my thumb with hers and reach the back of her hand just as a surprise wave beat me back . i my grip determined not to let go as the water over my head . i my pushing back against the force of the ocean until to my surprise her grip too . panicked i up toward the surface but she me fast . i remember hearing you should not try to save someone from unless you re trained because they will push you down to keep themselves afloat but that t what this was . she was holding me there suspended and still just like her . as i and my involuntarily puffed with wasted air i somehow to open my . i wish now more than anything i t and i understand if you put what i am about to tell you down to some kind of stress hallucination or oxygen trick of the brain but i know what i saw . she was woman shaped at first glance in that i was right but as she me there i saw little i had at a distance little wrong . her mousy hair t made up of like mine but to be some kind of membrane extending from her its scalp . there was no nose no the i had taken for were nothing more than dark scaled and from the of which a line like a smile spread into a seam extending back along its jaw . round flat at me and for a split second i was lost in the metallic unblinking gaze . that s when the seam across its face split into a grin revealing a thousand pin narrow transparent teeth . fear me back into the present and i twisted and trying to get away all the while this thing never lost its grip only holding me . my were burning and i was vomiting from the exertion i knew i had to get away knew that there was not much time left despair and panic and rage flooded me and i out with the only weapon i had . sacrificing the last precious gulp of air i my face down to the blue skinned vice that me and with all my might tore into it with my teeth . i did not think it was all animal instinct and fury . i tore and ground my again and again until at last i felt release and my body to the surface as if possessed . i have never been a very strong swimmer but i with speed then desperate to put distance between me and whatever that was . i my aching carcass onto the beach my coat and not until i the road . i turned back heart pounding in my throat but nothing . i could have convinced myself i it if i t heaving then and spat out a mouthful of and blood . i at the pinkish stain on the pavement and ran my across my to check for . nothing . so i tried again this time feeling along my for a tooth or cut . i knew there were none to find though i i would find evidence of a concussion or some other rational explanation . still i knew i t . i knew despite desperate hope because i could still feel of its flesh between my teeth . i was suddenly very cold or rather suddenly aware of how cold i was . nothing could compel me to set foot on that beach again so the coat was a lost cause . instead i did my best to stagger home . i had completely forgotten about the fire alarm and t even notice the engineer that the front door open with a look of concerned bemusement until i had through . i the from my pocket and willed my chilled to work faster looking at the deepening on my wrist and off sopping wet as soon as the door was closed behind me them to the floor . i got into the shower as hot as i could bear sat down then and cried . it s been six since i got home and four since i got out of the shower . my hair is dry now and i am sitting on the floor by my sofa in my dressing gown . i don t even know why i m telling you this it s just i have to tell someone . i have to do it now before i forget anything . before i convince myself i have completely lost my mind or i don t know . i got home six ago full of adrenaline and exhausted but aware . everything in my flat was as i left it i think . i m sure . and i got out of the shower four ago give or take . it took a long time to warm my and brush my teeth and process what i saw and what i thought . i into the living room while i was still rubbing my head with a towel so i t notice until i it and the clink as it and rolled . instinctively i stopped it with my foot and bent down to pick it up . a little bottle about three of scuffed green glass wax dripping down one side from the seal . the dread quickly sat heavy in the pit of my stomach . this was not here when i got home . i across this floor it was clear there was nothing . i at the bottle in horror and confusion . there was something inside . i picked at the wax until it gave way and shook the bottle violently . if it had taken much longer i would have it on the floor despite my bare but the shaking worked and a tube of brittle paper poked out past the lip . this is when i sat down . back against the sofa . i my phone from the arm and . every few up the roll and it down . i have been staring at it for twenty solid now . i thought i should write this as i read it i hope it will be like someone here with me . i feel sick . it only two on it a few cryptic out in almost like a fortune . that would be funny if i t so afraid . i know i should tell you what it but it s hard to type out i just keep rubbing my and thinking i wake up from this dream this nightmare this it you are hers now . you belong to the sea . as a southern bumpkin who had grown up in the deep well more specifically the middle of nowhere i always get taken back to a very interesting chapter in my life . you see as a i had always at how constant yet inconsistent the forest was . the ground always had frantically around the seemingly still leaves . the river kept a constant flow from the loud and chaotic we had some away . the would sway side to side during the stormy yet stay rooted firmly on the ground . their leaves would turn all of colors only to completely in the dead of winter . nothing was safe from change . come to think of it . . . strange as it was even the out there . now if you think that sentence out of place in my story imagine how it was for me seeing them for the first time . i remember first spotting them when i was around old . i barely up to my but i had finally learned how to stop tripping over my two left and pa felt it was safe enough to let me take a hike with him for the first time . as a girl the wilderness fascinated and me but i had never once assumed that i would find in the forest . i could be out with pa looking for or trying to find some kindling for our fire place and then surprise ! a random mannequin not too far from the house would be there waiting for us . honestly i use the term freely but originally they were more like ? like the that ma would used to use to drape fabric over whenever she would make me some new clothes . damned and their ! scowling pa would grip the strap attached to his rifle and me along in the opposite direction from where we came from . pay them no mind kit he d say s got a gun . i remember taking my pa s hand and dwelling on that comment till we got home . i thought it was pretty silly that he to shoot something found in s old sewing room . why t he just put them somewhere else ? or at least kick them down ! they t menacing but they sure did startle me sometimes . they always to be everywhere in the . almost as if they were following us . then again thinking about it some more it t really a surprise . lord i him but my pa was a really irresponsible guy . being the only child could give him before her death god rest her soul he was determined to raise me right . he me to be a gun rough and tumble country who could hunt as well as pick a fight and win it . admittedly i had formed some complex because of it . always wondering if just maybe papa would have been better off with a boy . let s just say i was a desperate to gain his approval . at the ripe old age of seven he put a fire arm in my . you see this cricket ? this is a he d . back then that rifle had felt too heavy for my string been arms to hold . i could barely keep it on my lap . this rifle been in our family for a long time kept a lot of us safe and fed and when your a little older i m teach you how to hunt with it . deer season is were we start . i my brow and around the cabin and my on the mounted buck head above the fire place . i don t think i can do it pa sweet little deer ? they t little pa retorted and they t sweet you learn how to defend yourself out here . deer come in all and sizes . i then that it was useless to protest . pa had made up his mind and even at seven i knew that he was a stubborn man . there was no winning this battle so at the time i just my head and sadly agreed . eventually when i turned twelve pa me ready . mostly because as a stocky i could hold onto that rifle . the excitement in my belly bubbling up as he led me out back and stood me in front of the shed made me giddy . he had never me in there . when he flung open those my went as big as saucer . a deer right in the garage ! it was still doe eyed and staring right back at me . i up to it and pa stopped me . hold your cricket it s not real pa said it s a decoy . although it s a bit different from those you see in the store . he up to the deer . those are plastic . fake as they come . he a hand along its back . this one here is stuffed with . we call it taxidermy . he beamed . i d like to think that deer are a little than what we give them credit for i know that most of them can spot those fake a mile away . this here doe well it s never me before and we re use it as bait for when we go . we re teach you to shoot . as soon as he had said that a familiar feeling of dread washed over me i t want to kill anything but i t about to make pa upset . the hunting grounds were beautiful . pa found a bush to hide behind and a great clearing that he was known for buck . just let me set this up . he said . he set the fake doe on a sunny area of the clearing . make sure the doe t fall over if the buck . . . them . i rolled my . he got out some ground and rope and got to work her firmly to the spot . after scattering some leaves to hide the dad . perfect . he back at me get to ! the first day of hunting was uneventful . the first round of had mistakenly or rather correctly assumed the doe was a threat and went in for the attack . which t have been a problem had my not been so . i t exactly hit a moving target much less an aggressive looking one . every time i d reluctantly put my gun down pa would say it s we get em next time . as the sun went down every kill left me feeling disappointed . pa was determined though . no matter how tired he he would repeat the same thing it s ! we get em next time . by a condescending pat on the back . shot after shot and shell after shell there pa would be reassuring me that we would definitely get em next time . these ritualistic would keep going on for about three . some days we d have to start all over and move to a new spot because a mannequin on our preferred clearing . those were the worst . pa would get angry and we d have to lug that doe further away from where we . all because of those stupid then department store looking . by the end of it all what with the constant run around and the hunting i had only to scare away several and too many . i had just about had it . on the last day of the third week i walking back to the car hanging my head and kicking the dirt beneath my . pa my back . it s . we get em next time . i could feel the blood boiling in my skin . i m tired of this pa . i said i m just not a . pa not yet but you will be ! well get em next t stop saying that ! no we won t ! i we won t ever get em i can t use a this thing to save my life ! i my out in front of me . my mine his face stone cold put that back on you . don t ever take it off out here do you understand ? and don t keep saying you won t kill you have to learn how to protect yourself . i m twelve and your forcing me to shoot so i can learn how to use . . . this thing ? ! i the weapon hard guess what ? i don t want it ! i threw the gun towards my father . my dad not it to angle himself and the steel ended up him square in the nose . ! blood to trickle out from his nose where the gun had landed . it t long before the yellow leaves at his turning a crimson red . i m so sorry ! i t mean it pa ! the pain i felt grow on my cheek after dad had me t as bad as the shame i felt from him saying kit ! it s time you grow the up ! it s an eat or be eaten world out there ! he the gun onto my . i up at him just because you t stop from dying t mean i have to pay for it . you know if your saw you now i know shed be real let down he snapped . with that remark being enough i ran for the . anywhere away from him . i ran and ran my for me to come back . i don t know if dad to give me space or if i to lose him . i don t even know if he me . i certainly t hear him chasing me through my running . i onto the dirt . wondering if he would leave me out there . . wondering if maybe i deserved it . i my tear and out down on the ground . looking up at the sky i was sure was let down by me which only made me cry some more for a good while . after about ten of self pity i got that familiar feeling of nausea most get after not eating and running about half a mile through forest . i rubbed my belly . we t eaten since this morning . i closed my . thinking back if i remember correctly i think we a berry bush on the way to the hunting grounds . that s a mulberry bush kit dad had told me if you ever get hungry it s safe to enjoy them for a little snack just wash em first . i around . the bush t have been that far from where i was . unfortunately fifteen later of endless wondering and searching had me realize that i was completely and utterly lost . where was dad ? had he really left me there ? i up my pace through the . i down at the my watch five . . . it was starting to get dark . i tried brushing away the fear by on something else . i looking at the as i . hopefully i would make my way out of the thick wilderness and onto a . hopefully there would be people there . hopefully there would be food . was daddy looking for me ? he must be worried . i should apologize when i find him . . . i strained my ahead of me searching for a clearing . i when i saw him . out ahead about forty away from me was a person . i ran towards them waving my arms and screaming in the voice i could muster please wait ! please ! desperately trying to get their attention . thankfully they to be preoccupied with whatever they were looking at . when i was close enough i to catch my breath gasping for air and onto the ground . i m glad i caught you ! i as i to catch my breath . but looking up to my dismay was yet another mannequin . i felt my growing hot . i my on the ground in frustration . of course it was . it always is ! i rolled my and threw down down my gun in disgust . how could i mistake a mannequin for a person ? ! i my head . the realization in . i mistook a mannequin . . . for a person . i had never done that before . i at it again . this was a really convincing one . they had never this real before . i my head and it a little more closely . it was standing in some kind of awkward mid motion gesture with its right hand raised up as if to say hello . beaming this toothy half smile . honestly this one had to be the best yet . the hair was so realistic . not like that horse hair you see some made out of . it so fine and wispy . the teeth were naturally crooked and had a slightly yellow tinge to them . the a glossy sheen . there were on its and it s tongue . every pore on its face was visible . it even had little on the side of its nose . i his body . strangely enough though the clothes he wore more like he was ready to go to some highfalutin restaurant than roughing it in the . he like some kind of caricature . i at the uncanniness of it all . that the thing about the mannequin was it s outfit . well that and it also t the entire time i at it . but still it so . . . human . what the heck is this ? i stepped closer slightly out and slightly wanting to get a feel of it . it t be real no way . i t five away from the thing before i felt something tug me back . i turned around to see pa s angry face . what did i tell you about not your gun on you ? ! i felt the well up in my ! pa pointed to the as he the gun . put them on ! put them on ! alarmed i raised my to my . bam ! daddy fired five into seemingly no where deep in the forest with the last one blasting the mannequin . what are you doing ! ? i cried . he my hand and with a panic i d never seen in him before threw both of our on the ground as we ran . i swiveled my head back to the mannequin . it miraculously t fallen over from the blast . that half open smile now gone as it s jaw had been blown clean off . of flesh were hanging on below its nose . it . . . t look like a mannequin . i could see white stuff was scattered all over the leaves at it s . i saw more falling out of the hole from its upper jaw . it took twelve of nonstop running before pa and i made it out of the and back into the truck . the entire time i saw pa frantically looking back throughout our surroundings . he could barely get the key in the lock with how bad his hand was shaking . after he me in truck . he got in his door shut the engine and on the peddle with a frantic desperation . driving out of the forest and around the at a speed that me . pa please slow down ! you re kill us ! i . pa at me for a second t you hear it ? ! ! the look on pa s frantic wild chilled me to my core . i never forget them . i sat there and tried to remember what i had at the time thought was just my imagination as we ran away . maybe my t been on right when pa fired his gun and my had on me . but after pa had off our when we were running away i sworn that i had someone say something deep in those don t worry we get them next time . last night i of my brother steven and i woke up crying . i wish i could tell you about steven . really tell you about him . i know i can t . but i m going to try anyway . steven was with nature fly fishing and outer space . and were his favorite but he dogs too and three swaggering little . ever since he was a little boy he had unusually heavy . his gait was always calm and unusually steady like he was walking to the beat of a slow rhythm only he could hear . steven was smart too . incredibly smart . his exhilaration for nature and science was incredible . i remember being four old and listening raptly as he told me everything there was to know about the lizard cupped in his . he was so alive so bright . so so bright . i remember thinking steven is shining just like a star . this was appropriate because steven outer space . before i could even walk he decided he and i would both be when we grew up . we would travel together in the same shuttle and be the first people to set foot on the first to orbit s cataclysmic the first to look upon the of creation and the hand of god . steven also to be a normal . he people who were interested in and and fish and red who would share knowledge of and and nebulae . people who would care . people who would like him . but are and are just bigger . from first grade onward steven came home from school crying his heart out almost every day . i to kill the people who made him cry . i still do . people like that don t deserve to exist . i don t care who you are . i don t care if you were a bully because your daddy hurt you or your mommy t like you . i don t care if you were sad or suffering or if you only out because you t know how to come to with yourself . people like you have no right to hurt people like him . the world would be better off without you . if i could undo you if i could you i would . as into steven stopped crying . not because he was happy he t but because he was too sad to cry . he grew quiet flat and inscrutable . his about and and quantum physics dust . he stopped spending outside examining and other . i watched in horror as my brother whose enthusiasm for learning had been unparalleled this child who was so bright he was a shining star to fade . i t know what was happening . i only knew that it was bad . worse than bad . it was monstrous . i t why my father t march down to the school and pulverize the people who hurt steven . i t understand why my continued to make him go to school or why they would soon make me go . as far as i could tell school was a slaughterhouse . a designed to drown the . on my first day of school i fought and like i was . my was at wit s end my father so he was screaming . while i lay on the floor red faced and screaming the floor to vibrate with the unique tempo of my brother s steady rhythmic familiar . then a gentle hand touched my shoulder . it s going to be steven said . no it won t ! with a grunt steven himself to a sitting position . yeah it will . you re normal you know ? you be fine . and if you re not fine i kick people s until you are . i up . my big brother back at me earnestly dead serious behind his glasses . no i said . i kick people s until you re . he gave a small smile . cool . steven was right . school was fine that day and for most of the days that came after . i was in first grade steven in sixth so we had separate lunch times separate separate everything . most of the time i forgot we even went to school together . until . there s always an until . this until in . my class went on a field trip to the zoo . we got back around one in the afternoon long after little recess but right in the middle of big recess . as i stepped off the bus i caught a glimpse of steven standing alone near the track . excitement swelled up and i broke into a run steven guess what ? i pet a goat ! it me ! but steven t acknowledge me . this hurt my . steven never me . maybe he just t see me i thought . so i kept running . steven t alone . it had only like he was alone because he was so tall that he towered over everyone . there were actually three other with him . was steven me to look cool in front of them ? was i just a pest a stupid brother like we saw in ? suddenly angry i ran at him . steven ! steven ! steven one of his . steven finally turned around . blood was dripping down his face cut by tear . i watched helpless as one of those wound his fist back and drove it into steven s stomach . steven doubled over face twisting in pain . i t understand . he was practically twice their size . why t he fighting back ? why t he hurting them ? rage me a red curtain staining the world with fury . thoughtless mindless consuming . i myself at his friend no his bully just as the second boy look out ! spun around wide eyed and the punch meant for my brother right into my face . blood exploded into my mouth hot and coppery and vile . i burst into vaguely aware that steven had . my heart broke he was mad at me . mad at me for being stupid for interrupting him for making worse . then he back and struck with everything he had . blood exploded into the air a bright liquid firework spattering over the track the grass himself . he crumpled like a scarecrow whose have been cut . all around me to scream . steven stood there for a moment streaming down his swollen face . then he my hand turned around and resolutely away dragging me behind him . his were steady and heavy as always a serene rhythm that despite everything made me feel calmer . i up at him . he was biting his lip so hard holding his jaw stiff so it t quiver . only got a concussion which was bitterly disappointing because i him to die . he steven him out of nowhere then hit me when i tried to get him under control . i furiously it of course . but steven t say a word not even to protect himself . had a reputation as a bully and plenty of had seen what really so no one could pretend was blameless . but see was a normal . a boy four deep . steven was just an overgrown tongue tied freak with shifty and a love of creepy . so in the end got a stern warning and steven got . and everyone steven for it . he t go to the store without facing and dirty . he t even go for without being . one day he and i were out walking his dogs when two neighbor by whispering and watching . sure enough there was a new rumor at school the next morning . those those stupid horseback riding wearing spoiled as hell church told everyone who would listen that they d seen steven kicking his little dogs to death . the rumor spread through school and through the neighborhood too . and just like that steven stopped leaving the house . my brother the bright and shining star was dying . and nobody saw it except me . all of the he space science stopped to him . i never saw him eagerly devour a book or pick carefully through dirt and leaves for . i only ever saw his closed bedroom door or his still blank eyed body sitting at the table or on the couch . lifeless . lightless . the unfairness crushed me . no it filled me filled me until it over and everything . injustice even the schoolyard kind is a fast track to hatred . and god in heaven i . i hate . people like steven are a tragedy . they are meant to fly but no one how to teach them so instead they spend their trying to learn how to crawl . as my brother sank as his light and faded i he was no star . just an misfit . just a tragedy . tragedy or not i him more than anything . so if he sat at the kitchen table staring tiredly at a book on or quantum mechanics or i sat with him . if he was on the couch looking at the ceiling with unfocused i sat with him and him about and bees that he rarely . and if he watched i watched with him . for a while we watched because that s what i to watch and like most i was a selfish little and assumed that steven the too . night after night weekend after weekend until . i fell asleep on the couch one night exhausted and woke up after dark . steven was still beside me watching . and he was smiling . small a little uncertain but genuine . and then amazingly he . it was magical and a little frightening . it had been so long since he that i if i was . the show abruptly cut to a commercial and the spell broke . steven s smile faded . i what show is that ? in the hall he . it s pretty cool . when the commercial break ended and the show came back i watched raptly . so did steven . every time he alien yet familiar frightening yet lovely i made sure i too . when it ended steven . that was awesome . it was i agreed fervently . in the hall turned out to be steven s favorite show but he . frasier the la and vice rounded out his top five . because he them because he warmed up when he watched them because the starlight in his to life whenever they were i learned to love them too . what were of quiet mundane joy . golden of silver nights in front of the flickering watching stupid and melodramatic stoke the of my brother s soul for a little while . it felt like home . until . one night i fell asleep during in the hall . cabbage head wove his way through my about the gross injustice of his existence . he into the camera grimacing . and then his face to change . his and his mouth wide skin sagging into a cascade of . you are the only one who me it in a low slow voice . i my . i shot up struggling to orient myself without into . i was alone in my room in bed . it was dark and quiet but not silent i could hear the faint murmur of the downstairs . that meant steven was still awake . and that stupid steven had put me to bed like a stupid baby . but right then i felt like a baby breath on the verge of as the nightmare face around in my head . it was so easy to imagine its out from under my bed with its coin bright ready to pounce at me in the dark . i grit my teeth and across the room the door behind me . the was on bathing the in its flickering blue light . i strode to the landing angry that steven had removed me from our marathon and froze . for a second i thought the monster from my nightmare was . but it was worse . it was a dead woman . her face was bloated and discolored dark tongue from that had retracted from her teeth . steven was staring at the screen coursing down his . the woman to life . i . steven whirled around . the light reflected off his tear turning them to of silver . he his mouth but nothing came out . what are you watching ? i whispered . don t look steven said in a wheezy voice . what show is it ? it s not a show . what is it ? he pained like someone was tearing him apart even as he spoke . it s the future . the woman again . only she t moving . someone was dragging her a man i t recognize and no wonder his face was hidden by a bizarre swirl of glittering and colored smoke . i watched as the man dragged the dead woman to a river and threw her in . the current swept over her . her hair out like a dark fan as river water filled her mouth . but as long as i watch steven continued it t happen . i took a few down as my heart rate . how is that possible ? steven his glasses up his nose then . have you of the double slit experiment ? i shook my head . i don t think you understand it . i don t really understand it either . but do you know what are ? i d learned about in school so i . steven said . are made of and . are important they pretty much decide what an atom does whether it s stable or unstable whether it to other stuff like that . are tiny . but we have and technology powerful enough to see them . we can watch them and see what they do . if you re watching and the know you see them like if they can see the microscope or the camera for example then the and their behave like they re supposed to . but if they don t know you re watching then well they get weird . i silently . steven to the . if i see people do these then these people or maybe their they know they re being watched somehow . so they decide to behave and they don t do the they do on . so the bad don t ever actually happen . but if they re not actually doing it how are you watching them ? i don t know . i somebody as a hypothetical . they said maybe it would have something to do with quantum entanglement . maybe alternate . one day science will figure it out . until then he said bleakly i m on my own . no you re not . i downstairs and down beside steven . i don t want you watching this he said . i don t want you watching either . so we re even . even steven . i crossed my arms defiantly and fixed my gaze on the . the woman was gone now . the screen nothing but the river water dark and serene . then the screen yellow . the yellow slowly broke apart into glitter of a hundred different colors . then the scene . it was someone an older or maybe a skinny approaching an old house with a red gasoline container in hand . i t tell if it was a boy or a girl because a mass of smoke and their face . i watched as they splashed the gasoline all over the house then took out a lighter . the house went up like kindling . the people inside t fare any better . i d never before had a reason to think about it but if anyone had to ask me what to a human body in a i probably would have said that skin off . but that t true . skin . it into and open before blowing up again like of lava or cheese in the oven . i watched until the last victim stopped moving until his blistered skin peeled apart to reveal scorched that in the firelight . until everything faded to black . steven burst into . i threw my arms around him and cried too . to my immense relief the t show these every night . in fact they only came on once a week nights at exactly . so every at steven and i sat on the sofa waiting until the screen and turned yellow then watched whatever . i saw the worst the very worst . torture abuse i t even imagine and can barely describe . upon upon . they made me cry . they made my throw up . they gave me . they made me fear . they made me hate . i once steven how long have you been watching this ? steven tiredly . since i was eight . second grade . knowing that steven had these all by himself for so many was enough to drive me insane . the only thing that kept me together was the fact that i was now with him . that because of me he t alone . we watched together every for . through spring summer and fall all the way into winter again . one morning in steven woke up sick . this was unusual steven never got sick . but it was like of and and on him at once . his fever spiked and kept climbing . he went to the hospital where they him in ice until his temperature . but they t let him go home . he was too sick and they were afraid he was going to get sicker . so they kept him at the hospital and my stayed with him . that meant i was alone in the house . alone or not the had to be watched . so at i went downstairs and for the first time ever i watched alone . the screen turned yellow and broke apart into a million that like . then it and the show . it was outside on what like a farm . a couple of teenage the scene . i t see their of course . the now familiar cloud of smoke and gas and it . get up . come on what are you of ? one in a bright malicious voice . the camera down . crouched near their sporting a black eye and a busted lip was . for what felt like forever i t move . i thought of steven . how he d come home from school crying his heart out every afternoon for . how he d been targeted and tortured as a child . how he d gotten for just me . how he t even show his face on our street . all because of . . his to the ground glimmering like tiny dull . i covered my . i terrible and and laughter the inhuman of and the gleeful of his . finally gave an awful full throated scream . then there was a thick pulpy sound like a pumpkin falling on concrete and he fell silent . oh one of the whispered . . i my . on the ground in a steadily growing pool of blood was and like a snake whose head had been cut off . the back of his skull was a concave nightmare of blood matted hair and glistening tissue . the ran off . i watched as s clothes soaked up his blood . the spread like which expanded and into one another until they formed great wet . then the screen went dark . on my periphery in the corner near the ceiling something . i turned to look and froze . a face with bright yellow and wet ancient skin that hung from its face in was staring back at me . its head and from the in the corner . only the corner t there . where the ceiling should have been was an opening of some kind almost like a window . through it i saw multicolored darkness sparkling smoke and a scattering of bright . like the monster had a gateway to outer space from my living room ceiling . the monster out and crooked a finger that i t quite comprehend short as a thumb but long as a building . looking at it sent a bolt of pain through my head . no one me it in a terrible slow voice . except you . burned my and fell down my face . they felt like a flood . like a cascade . suddenly pierced the living room and i an engine rumbling by the sound of a car door . i m steven snapped as over him . then i his heavy rhythmic familiar as he up the porch . up by the ceiling the monster folded in on itself bubbling bizarrely as its body itself from reality taking the doorway to the universe with it . a moment later steven burst through the front door . he was so pale he dead . he hurried in while my outside . did you watch ? he urgently . is that why you re crying ? i silently . did you watch everything ? even when it got really bad ? i again . some of his tension melted away . good . i m sorry you had to watch it alone . i a smile . he back then gave me one of his stiff awkward . thanks . i him back myself . i t sleep that night . instead i hour after hour that steven would never find out that i t watched the . my prayer was with a resounding no . three later it was all over the news . had terribly beaten to death by his and left to rot in an overgrown pasture . when steven he at me for a long time inscrutable behind his glasses . then he went upstairs and t come out for the rest of the day . he t speak to me the rest of the week . but that night at he was sitting on the couch as always . he was still pale from his fever and unusually thin . whether that was from his sickness or from what i had done i t know . i took my seat beside him and silently . at the screen yellow and broke into a million multicolored before darkening to a scene . as always the perpetrator s face was nothing but a celestial blaze of smoke and . his victim was bound screaming and thrashing as he . they t alone . there was someone else there . something else . something with coin bright and wet rotten skin that hung from its in . something out of the corner near the ceiling . that something t watching the killer . it was looking into the camera . looking at us . the creature smoothly like a spider on a string of silk until it was suspended over the killer s head . then it down with those i t comprehend that were short as but long as and peeled the killer s starry mask away . then the monster to the ground and slid over to the victim . i watched as it the mask over the victim s face . then the screen went dark . what did you do ? steven . i don t know ! you re lying . you t watch when i was in the hospital and that s why s dead ! suddenly the screen white startling us both into silence . it slowly into a dark room lit only by the flickering silver glow of a . i it immediately . the end tables the the rug the on the coffee table the sofa where steven and i were sitting at that very moment . we were sitting on the sofa on the too . but we t alone . our were sitting with us . we were all crying and we were all bound and . a man stepped into the frame and with him the coin eyed horror with its glistening of skin . the monster into the camera and . then it contorted sliding into the intruder like a ghost forcing itself back into its own corpse . the attacker s skin briefly burning the golden color of the monster s before fading back to normal . then the screen and . no ! steven . i sat there numb and silent as steven tried to turn the back on . then on my periphery something on the ceiling . i turned as the window to the universe revealing a patch of and darkness and celestial in unnamable colors . in that darkness two round to life like dull yellow . underneath those a smile spread . what are you ? steven . it continued to smile . with a roar steven himself across the room at the monster whose smile curled into a snarl . steven caught it by its swaying skin and himself up climbing it like a bizarre rope ladder . the creature s mouth fell open revealing starry darkness and a tongue like a river of . then it in on itself bubbling up like blistered flesh or cheese . i covered my and bit my tongue to keep from screaming . there came a thunderous house shaking crash . my snapped open . steven was on the ground . i rushed over and froze when i saw his . where his should have been there was only a mass of darkness scattered with like bright tiny . the darkness faded as i watched leaving regular flesh and bone in its wake . are you ? i whispered . that thing is going to kill us steven said . we have to stop it . we have to follow it . we can t . you can t . steven we can . he his up . this it . we can go after him even if we have to change . we can change . i . our our they can change ! they don t have to obey unless we expect them to . you saw me . i would have been able to follow him if i d just on . i thought of the window of darkness of the glimmering through that strange doorway . it in outer space or or a different dimension steven you can t follow it you die ! only if i know i will . if i know i won t then i can go ! stop being crazy ! i . the on . what s going on down here ? it was dad glaring down at us from the landing . nothing said steven . dad rubbed his . it s past midnight . go to bed . steven and i at each other . he was flat inscrutable . almost peaceful . it took everything i had not to scream . steven said . sorry . he turned around and upstairs heavy and steady as always . steven stayed in his room for the next several . he barely came out . i only ever saw him on at when he came down to watch the horror show . he never spoke and certainly never the fact that if the coin eyed monster had its way our days were . other than that i t see him . i only the of his mumbling through our wall and the familiar tempo of his as he paced back and forth across the bedroom . i was desperate to talk to him desperate to convince him that whatever he was thinking was utter insanity desperate to make a real plan that t involve him dying as he the monster through the space door . finally i took to waiting by my bedroom door with bated breath bolting out whenever i his door creak open . but he was always too fast for me even though i my door no more than a second or two after he his i never actually saw him . even worse than his absence was his constant mumbling . i it day and night a low endless stream of too soft to make out even though they felt deafening . one afternoon i decided to crack my door open to watch and wait until he finally . it t matter how fast he could go . as long as i was waiting and watching i d catch him . i ' d finally see him . i had to wait an hour before his across the bedroom floor and his doorknob turned . i threw mine open just as his . i out into the hall but it was empty . i saw nothing but his open door . i into his room but he t in there either . only on his bed and of the horsehead nebula and scientific of and fish on his . frowning i leafed through one of the . it was huge a textbook of some kind . i atomic migration quantum entanglement string theory but t make or of what it was actually saying . then something caught my eye a glint of glass across the hall . i turned around and suddenly he was just there steven big and solemn as always with his glasses and his favorite iron maiden t shirt . he normal except for his . where his should have been was an expanse of velvet darkness with . how can you see me ? he irritably . i for but found none . you re the only one who can . you need to stop . he back into his room . it s the only way i can save you . steven i . he . just let me do what i need to do all right ? then he me out of his room and closed the door . i t see him again for days . that night out of habit more than anything else i went downstairs . i went down early to goad steven into a conversation before the show but he t there . it made me want to cry but it t change the fact that i had to watch . more than ever now i had to watch . i turned the on and sat down waiting for the inevitable flash of yellow . then out of the corner of my eye i saw a glint of glassy silver . can you stop looking at me ? steven snapped . i watched unable to move or think as he in the corner . the door is right there . he pointed to the corner by the ceiling where the coin eyed monstrosity always . anyone can open it if they know how me . i to blubber . steven s lip quivered which made me cry harder . then he his glasses up his nose and again . knock it off . it to happen . if it t we all die . you know that . i can t help it i . i just see you . i always see you . i don t want you to go . this goes beyond you and and dad ? that thing that monster i don t even know what it is but it s bad beyond bad . someone to stop it to keep everyone safe . i can stop it . shut up ! i have to go he told me . but i can t if anyone . and no one me except you . his lip quivered again . close your . down my face . no ! close your . the awful face with its cascade of and bright filled my mind s eye . the ancient terrible inhuman thing the horror i d unleashed on the world on reality and on my brother . i can t steven i can t ! close your steven said . now . a sob worked its way through my whole body and so overpowering my gave out . i covered my . my brother s steadily on the as he crossed the room . i shuffling and a grunt . then i nothing . when i up there was no glint of glass no familiar silhouette in the no heavy rhythm of no window to the universe . steven t there . i back numb . at the screen yellow fading as always into a cascade of that to black . it stayed black . the was broken then . no longer a window to bad people no longer a secret way to stop their from banding together to visit irreparable harm . burned my as they fell and fell and fell . after a long time i that a single dot of light had on screen . then another and another along with vast dreamy of color . i . and and the bright hypnotic radiance of celestial gas and debris from past . outer space . the camera in slowly a swath of cosmic color into focus . within that serene yet explosive beauty something . a familiar shape resolved a ladder . and on the ladder my brother . i as steven without the benefit of a helmet or a space suit or even a coat wearing nothing but his favorite iron maiden t shirt and his glasses an endless ladder somewhere ten trillion deep in the universe . the camera out then up then in on another familiar shape . i saw of rotting skin swinging and like filthy in sunlight and a mouth with a river of for a tongue . the monster . it was angry . it was . and it was fast . but not quite as fast as steven . my brother resolutely with the same purpose he d shown when he me out of the schoolyard so long ago . stern solemn determined . he was going to catch the monster . he knew it and looking at him i knew it too . but that meant i t watch . no one me except you . but what if i was wrong ? panic exploded threatening to suffocate me . what if i was supposed to watch to keep the monster from killing steven ? close your . but what if by watching i kept steven from killing the monster ? close your . this was an impossible decision . it t fair that i had to make it . except it was . i was stupid i was bad i d this all by die . this was my fault my responsibility so i had to make the choice . but which choice ? steven as and of unimaginable color around him sliding over his and around his lifting him . helping him . he was silent but there was sound all the same a faint drifting song like a cosmic harp or a chorus of inhuman . and i knew somehow that it t just sound but . real powerful the that bound the universe together . that the monster slid between like a virus through a filter . that wrapped themselves around steven and him upward . but to what ? to victory for taking on a cosmic beast a monstrous destroyer unbound by time or space or reality itself ? close your . or to his death for breaking the of nature and bending the to his will ? i t know . i don t know . i will never know . but i closed my . they were still closed when the faint unearthly hum finally faded to nothing and stayed closed for what felt like forever . when i finally them again the screen was blank the house was silent and it was two in the morning . hollow and sick i went up to steven s room . every wall was covered in glow in the dark of and and taken by the hubble telescope . of the horsehead nebula of and and the of creation and a hundred other so far away that the human mind cannot truly comprehend the number . i curled up on his bed and cried finally falling asleep as the run rose . i of him . of us . of seeing of as its apocalyptic below of of looking up in awe as the of creation over us in their incomprehensible glory . in the dream i the ethereal song and i felt peace . but when i woke i just to die . that t . but there is one thing that me going . only one knowing that if i really want to and if i really believe i can i can be unseen . i can disrupt my being my very existence . i can bend the that bind the universe together and slide between the of reality . i can find the window to the universe and open it . i don t know how but i know i can . someday i will . i don t know if i join my brother or if i have to pick up where he left off . i don t know if he s alive or if he s dead . and when i closed my the night he left i knew i would never know . but i will follow him one day . whether he s waiting for me or not i will open the door to the universe and follow him . i have to because i know what s at stake . i know that the of the universe are singing a song no one ever simply because we don t know that we can . but i can hear it . it is beautiful . it is cosmic . it is holy . it is everything . but it is not perfect . within it like the dissonant of an untuned violin in a symphony i hear wrongness . and at the heart of the wrongness is the beast sliding between the and tangling and breaking interfering where he does not belong . but underneath that wrongness i hear a rhythm . a slow and steadfast tempo a quiet foundational beat in perfect time with the symphony . maybe it s wishful thinking but to me it just like my brother s . as i through the entrance of the apartment complex i was instantly hit by the distinct smell of metal . i an aged and yellowing diary laying on the floor . i picked it up to read the only that ' t been out the low level of light coupled with the small and frantic handwriting made it difficult to comprehend but slowly i made out the following " do not enter any further read name ' s and i ' m the property manager of the building . my job ' s to maintain the of the building and call in the right guy when break . we had a problem with the sewage backing up the main pipe about a month ago . my previous plumbing guy was retired so i local plumbing . found ram ' s head plumbing and heating had that ' t look fake . i sent an for a call out and was told in the reply that they would be there by mid afternoon . the guy who came was an odd ball . he was completely bald not even dressed in orange overalls . he ' t say much but he to get the job done within an hour . when i for the invoice he said " the company the collection " . ' t clarify what he meant thought he meant that their department would me so thought nothing more about it . soon enough had an come through from ram ' s head plumbing . no invoice just some random of some weird old house with the plumber in front of it . the body of the was line of text saying " the collection ' t yet complete " . tried ringing them to clarify but no phone number listed to do so . after this point weird going on i ' t have any more plumbing but multiple to complain they could hear coming from their bathroom and sink . again i tried to call ram ' s head plumbing but this time the search came up with nothing . it like they had removed themselves from the . the next few days i could start hearing the noise for myself . like a faint humming but nothing too bad . in fact the had largely stopped it as a problem so i forgot about it as a problem . " as i read the i suddenly aware of a faint humming . i reading " a couple later an from ram ' s head plumbing . it was the same picture but this time the plumber was with the tenant on the top floor . a young man living on his own he in the picture . the had the same line " the collection ' t yet complete " . i remember at this point i was not seeing some of the as regularly as usual . some of the for some of the had been uncollected for a while . the humming to be getting particularly from the top floor . the next week i had a complaint of a rusty smell coming from the top floor apartment belonging to the young man tenant . to speak to him but like he ' t in . i tried every other day to get hold of him but no answer at all . i assumed he had left for the week without me know . the smell of rust was starting to drift downstairs too . the week after he still ' t back . the smell of rust was getting through the whole building . the post room was pretty much full and no one had collected anything from it since the week before . thinking about it i ' t seen anyone leave for the last couple of days . i decided to try and deliver some of the but no one . that ' s when i that the humming noise was a lot everywhere in the building . " as i read on i felt a sense of unease as if i was being watched . the humming noise was becoming noticeably . " i knew at this point that something was wrong . i could hear the humming noise in my as i left for the night . i knew that the next day i ' d need to figure out what was going on . in the morning i on the door of every apartment with no luck . the noise and smell was everywhere . as i returned to my desk i saw a new from ram ' s head this time the picture had all of the in it . i then knew that he had taken them all . i had to get out . i would have left there and then forever but as i went to drive away i saw him in the doorway smiling at me . i knew the best i could do is warn not to do the same as i did . i went home and wrote this all down for you to find as warning . so to whoever is reading this you know the story now . please leave this place and do not return . and do not ever use ram ' s head plumbing " i out and quickly drove away . i went to a local pub and sat inside . shaken by my discovery i ordered a pint but as i sat and drank and my phone to the sound of an . trembling i my phone . my blood ran cold as i saw the name of the sender . the picture had the plumber as well as the . from the group was a man holding a diary . the text read " the collection ' t yet complete " . we found the girl and her child in the near point park . it was an especially humid march morning and a heavy fog had set in . when he first cried out we thought he was a bird . it was a high whistle that fell to a soprano . mark back at me with the first of excitement i d seen in him since we left for a week in the a trip our counselor ordered a sort of chemotherapy for marriage . mark s hair was as shaggy as it had been in dirty and thin at the scalp . a beard concealed his second chin . it like its hurt he said . i my hair into a as we through the mist . sweat soaked into the of my hair and down my neck . i t wait to get back to the lake open a bottle of wine and kick off my boots . my were already blistered and we nearly right over them . the girl sat in the dirt cross legged . she the child in her lap . a fine brown fuzz covered his body . though small his arms were already thick with defined ending with two and a thumb on each hand mirrored by his three toed with a tail whipping between his . a thin trunk hung from his face with a snout at the tip . his stuck out the most . they were big round black and innocent . he out for us and . a familiar emptiness in my lower abdomen upon mother and child . the girl was pretty twenty at the with dark hair and pale skin under a slimy yellow parka . she shot us a feral scowl . don t touch him . let s go mark said . instead i knelt before them . we won t hurt you . she the child tight . i that before she said baring teeth that t been brushed in . the child between her . his right ankle was swollen . he s hurt i said . i pointed back the way we came . i have . i can help . her scowl a little . past her savage mud visage i saw the vulnerable young mother huddling behind the fierce matriarch . the child for me again . may i ? i . i t a mother though i once came close . perhaps the girl sensed that . she tersely and i out my finger . the child took it with surprising strength . he . i turned to mark smiling so wide my hurt . he put his hand on my shoulder . he s a sweet little guy mark said . what is he ? the girl us the of . he s a baby . the girl s name was . she told us they ran into two the previous evening . the child injured his ankle while they fled . they saw him and just shooting she said back at our tent . they thought he was a monster . i watched cradle the child and felt the echo in my belly again me of what brought us here . soon after the miscarriage our little private stopped the mark . our date nights turned into silent both of us watching the clock over untouched glasses of wine . one night mark got out of bed and said he slept better on the couch . i t argue . during our last session our shrink infidelity been an issue ? mark in his seat and . i did the same . of course not i said . you need to reconnect . maybe a trip just the two of you . i t know if it was a last resort but it sure felt like it . is it broken ? s voice shook me from the memory . i m sorry ? his ankle . no just a sprain . not a bad one either . he should be fine in a day or two . mark brought my first aid bag in from the truck . i the pediatric pouch and a splint and a roll of gauze . the child as i wrapped his injured ankle . mark knelt next to us . does he have a name ? mark holding his finger out to the child . the child raised his snout and at mark s fingertip . said . she off her parka . even with the recent warm weather i t imagine her getting along comfortably in her torn and small undershirt . i for mark to inspect her the hint of cleavage just below the neck of her shirt but to my surprise he t . what does his name mean ? i as i the splint . i m not sure . i know more about him when i get him home . there was a hopeless tinge to her voice a sadness . home t very close i said . she shook her head . south mountain . we get there though . i at mark . he . i did too . we can take you i said . a steady rain beating against the tent woke me . mark lay asleep in his bed on the other side of the tent . the front tent flap open rain and an icy wind with it . lightning and in that instant i saw that s sleeping bag was empty . as the flash faded and thunder i saw the child standing on my bed between my . ? i whispered . are you ? the child and took a step toward me . he tumbled on his ankle . i caught him . let s go find your i told him . he and wrapped his around my as i scooped him up . i at the wind s cold bite . the child at my with his snout tickling me . his tiny mouth up between my . i when his found the outline of my left nipple . no ! i said . he and a small sad voice out of him . he himself and . it s i said . you just can t do that . me as i poked my head through the tent flap . what are you doing to him ? i fell back into the tent and went down hard on my . stood naked before me . her were enlarged dripping milk . he woke me i said myself . he was crying . plucked the child from my grasp . he shot his mouth to her nipple . i m sorry said . she knelt with the child at her chest and gave me her hand . i . i m take care of your baby i said . it s cold . let me give you a blanket . i have one in my sleeping bag she said . no i . she d need to keep warm later and getting her blanket wet t do . i took mine from my bed and gave it to her . here . i wrapped the comforter around and the child . thank you said . she took the baby out into the rain then beyond the while eagerly at her breast . mark as i returned to bed . i lay with my curled to my chest and . mark got up and his blanket behind him . he laid it over me . i took his hand and him close . he slid under the blanket with me . we slept in the same bed for the first time in . the next morning was gray and cold . was eager to leave . we to take i eastbound over the border into but over breakfast i a problem . rush hour traffic i said as i on a biscuit . what about it ? mark . i toward the child . he was sleeping next to . there be prying if we get caught in . we can take the back said . we d still risk the child being seen . but i have an idea . mark and i left them in the tent as we headed to a town a few out . we t take long and had no intention of leaving the tent with i anyone would hassle them . there was a department store in town . we went inside . as we came to the toddler s section i felt the empty in my belly . mark s hand found mine . i closed my around it . there i said . i found a pink hooded winter coat with matching pants . they d fit the child well with enough room to tuck his snout behind the zipper . no no no mark said . we can t dress our boy in pink . i . let s see if we can find it in blue . we found the tent flap torn open when we returned . the cooler had the food inside either missing or strewn about the floor . mark the blood . it was smeared along his bed then continued in a zigzag line toward the opening . where d they go ? i . mark ran outside . ? i him . an animal somewhere to the north . we hurried toward it . a trail of blood led our way . we found the child beyond some . he was tearing the out of a large black bear . the bear clung to life but lost hold quickly panting as the child dug his snout into its chest his snapping the animal s then out its . the bear and . atop the bear s chest and in equal triumph and sorrow . mark backed away and covered his mouth . i took the child in my arms . he sadly as i the gore from his snout the bear s hairy flesh from his . maybe you t hold him mark said . he won t hurt me . i found s body a short distance away . i tried the child to mark . he t take him . he won t hurt you either . mark tried not to tremble as he took . the bear must have gotten into the tent then taken a swipe at her throat . i checked for a pulse though i knew i t find one . blood in the leaves under her . the bear her carotid artery . she d to death from the bear . mark handed the child back to me the first chance he got . we should call the police he said . no . s dead . i at him . what do you think will happen if the see the child ? mark . they take him . we re going to keep our promise to i said . we re taking him home . i dressed the child in the blue jacket and before we left . he when i his snout under the zipper but once we were in the truck he down . i sat in the with the child as mark back to the road . don t you think we should have buried her ? mark . the soil was frozen i . it would have taken us . we returned to the highway and mark on the accelerator . his kept dancing in the mirror as if he someone to catch us . slow down i said . if we get over i know mark snapped . i just want to get this over with . the child let out a quiet growl . i rubbed his back to calm him . of freezing rain against the windshield as we crossed into . within an hour the was coated in ice . mark to keep the truck on the road . pull off at the next exit i said . i can make it . mark this is dangerous . now pull off . the truck spun into a violent fishtail only a moment later . begrudgingly mark took the next exit . what now ? he . we can t take him to a hotel . no i said . as we rolled off the highway i spotted a sign for national forest . we camp out tonight and make the rest of the way tomorrow . i awoke in a dark room lit by a single oil lamp . the room stunk like wood and horse . my stomach my womanhood felt like it was going to split in two . my face was hot slick with sweat and i with a voice that was not my own . i lay on my back naked below the waist . my were oversized my belly was near . something under there kicking . six hooded stood around me . their shone dark red in the lantern light . they their together in silent prayer their all on my womb . please stop this i cried with the of a hundred . please ! i one of the . s mixed with mine and the . the our cry . they broke into an incantation in an alien tongue . they quietly but their rose with each verse . pain my lower half . i when i saw the snout emerge between my bloody and slick snapping back and forth against my . i . the head came now with its big round my child covered in mucus . then the lantern light along with the in red and i stood alone in the naked with a light rain falling upon me . moonlight broke through the . the child watched me . i my arms to him . he tentatively unsure likely yearning for his old mother . i know you miss her i said . but i try my best . the child . somehow i understood him . you re hungry i said . i him to my . they were swollen and . he into my arms and fed . i sat down in the mud as he drank . his mouth was eager but not so much that he hurt me . mark my name . ? i the child tight to my chest . mark t know . he t understand . then the child fixed his big black on me and . his voice me yet he determined as well . at once i knew what he meant to do . though i had become the child s mother mark would never be his father . a ball rose in my throat though i did my best to choke it down . is there no other way ? i . the child brushed his finger along my cheek and i knew there t . ? mark out from the dark . i the child . go then . into the . ! mark said again . are you his voice was cut off . the child worked quickly mercifully . i was crying when the child returned . yet when he curled in my lap and drinking from my breast i t know if those came from grief or elation . a string of foreign my . though i t comprehend them individually their meaning struck me at once . rise cleanse purify . a heavy snow to fall halfway through our journey but by mid afternoon we came upon a small handsome city dotted with single and on the north side with silent blast from a dormant steel mill bordering a small river that split the city in two . on the other side of the river there were in that narrow streets that up the mountainside . that s it i . though i d never seen south mountain before its bare and snow lined reaching up to the felt like home . the child in the passenger seat . i his hand and drove on . the child led me up the frozen path as daylight above us . briskly despite his ankle along in snow that his waist . i t help but laugh at him . we came to a rock wall with a narrow archway chiseled into the stone . six solemn in red all of whom i . the one to one knee to welcome us his smile visible under his cowl . the tall man his hood back as we . he had ghostly weathered with frost white hair . we are the he said . he each word carefully . and we have been waiting for you . the other were much shorter and slight of build . even the tall man though he stood a full head over me had a body bordering on malnourished . their skin clung desperately to their as if too thin yet their were warm . two other were as pale as the tall man though the other three were several . of those one wore his hair long the other in a and the third with . i undressed the child . i had to dress him i said . to keep him hidden . we knew he was in capable the tall man said . the tall man his cowl back into place . a heavy iron door on its as it . down inside there was darkness broken by twinkling firelight . the tall man took my hand . follow me . the door closed behind us . we the rest of the party . the were built with smooth obsidian black glowing orange from the . the child . i my coat and gave him my breast . the ceiling to drip water the farther we . are we under the river ? i . partly the tall man . these run parallel to the water . the passageway came to an end with a tall door built from chalk white with a skull at the knob . the lead gatekeeper between the skull s teeth found a handle and it open . beyond the door a dark yawning chasm before us . here the river water on the floor past my . the lead gatekeeper lit a torch and we the lonely fire inside . after a half mile or so our party stopped . the lead gatekeeper his torch on a large iron pot steaming with oil . he dipped his flame into it and a fearsome tongue burst out catching on dangling from the unseen ceiling above . the up the . countless other dangling intertwining ropes caught fire and illuminated the abyss . beneath my the floor was made of thick glass and under it i saw the faint of something large and round . the tall man my cheek . they in their alien tongue and i along with them . rise cleanse purify . we drew into a circle beneath the and below the glass a yellow pupil in the mammoth black eye . i as i drew the child close . it s time i told him weeping . the child with a melancholic hoot . i back and took in the true distance of the chasm . the drained into along the paned glass that the soulless husk below us . in the distance i could only make out certain but at my i the child s face even the of his trunk several away his snout than a dozen tree lined side by side . i wept . the child me . i to the tall man . will we survive ? if we move quickly enough yes . the cask will not hold for long but the awakening some time . he his and gave me a dignified smile . you will see your child awaken . my child . there had been another in my belly once . t there ? i to remember . i feeling empty but t say why . there had been a man fat and bald with a big smile and there had been laughter as well with glasses of wine over dinner but that was gone . i t care . i had my child . go i said to him and his snout . the tall man and i the chant as the child leapt from my arms and splashed through the water . the floor by the head of the behemoth . inside . the yellow eye and the world . our chant never was by the thunder . i cried out aching in ecstasy even as blood from my left ear . seven . they d been from the neck down and their exposed muscle and viscera wept blood . the mounted . the tall man got on last after helping me onto mine . let us ride now mother of god . dusk set in as our spirited us south with the mountain in full view behind us . on the road skidded to a halt as they at us . they t concern me . neither did the state police who eventually us with their flashing . though the stopped their chant i t . and i along with the rest would not stop no matter how badly our burned until our child was born again . rise . cleanse . purify . we stopped ten out . the police their slowly drawn more on our rather than us . the tall gatekeeper took my hand as we turned toward the mountain . the mountain cried out . the police turned to it as did the . townspeople out of their as the world ten north . i from my horse and to my . an avalanche of debris earth and rock down the mountain s face crushed the in its path and a momentary nuclear winter . then behind the veil of dust lording over the purification at his shaking the planet rose . the purification of the town was by the as a massive gas explosion . everyone who all those who him rising up from the molten of the earth now pledge fealty to him . we are one family united by my boy . now he is at rest again for he s still a young child . i assure you all he will be waking again sometime soon . " mason ! mason ! i get some candy ! the really good stuff ! " nearly in my face while i read the news on my tablet storming out of the kitchen with no warning of the sudden interruption of silence . despite it being almost eight at night and being i had become accustomed to this demand and many . despite being about a year younger than me she usually on the level of a particularly antagonistic ten year old . i put the reader down on my chair and turned to her . " we can do that . would you like to go to the dollar store or the polar bakery ? " the polar bakery is a relatively famous bakery and confectionery in lake worth that unbelievable but i knew which one it was going to be . i was pretty sure the bakery ' t even open but it was best to give even if she ' t want them . she could launch into hysterics otherwise . " the dollar store please ! " she triumphantly running across our old dade pine floor to her room to shut off the window mounted unit that made lake worth ' s climate slightly more survivable . ' s heat was particularly rough that night but i and shut down my own on my way to put on something nice to be seen outside . was born with a laundry list of . as she the norm instead of talking as well as a constant need for attention and difficulty with pretty much everything . she would be with histrionic personality disorder and a powerful learning disability . my mother had always for her almost as if it was something to look forward to . after our mother away from a brutal stroke a few ago likely brought down by stress i had no choice but to take care of her . it was a lot of stress knowing that she was going to need me for her entire life . i our ancient mission style home in downtown lake worth and my aunt beth from time to time with money . none of that the fact that it was still incredibly difficult though . i ' d be lying if i said there ' t a competition between the resentment i felt towards her and the guilt i felt for her . she had brutal temper when she ' t get her way and constant attention and affection in addition to keeping her on her . i would never be able to live a normal life either because of it . i it and her frequently but i also had learned to respect the amount of effort she had put into trying to work with society . it was like watching someone with broken continuously try to run no matter how often she fell down . " all right i ' m ready to go . " i told her from across the house as i finished tying my . she hopped happily and ran to the door . " can i get rope ? " she hopefully . " of course you can . " i said as i the door and her to bounce outside . i how strictly her behavior to follow the of her various mental never giving either of us a rest . it was clear that her brain did not allow her to do otherwise . she deserved the same willfulness the rest of our species for and i deserved the ability to live a normal life . we to the dollar store right near our home a ritual which gave me a few of peace and quiet to enjoy the lovely view of our coastal neighborhood . as we the old art and style i a sudden flurry activity out of the corner of my eye . one of the the towering hotel which ' s intracoastal waterway to have someone inside . aside from the friendly security guard who me strongly of candy it was supposed to be abandoned but a scintillating light to move from one room to another on the fifth floor following and i as we the building . i ' t see at his normal post but that probably meant he was sleeping or getting a hamburger from one of lake worth ' s . i made a note to mention it to who i with when possible before realizing that i had to catch up with who had bounded ahead of me and was now impatiently waiting at the crosswalk leading to the family dollar . she had a tendency to get ahead of me and had gotten lost on more than a few . once inside the store the cashier waved and to us both from behind his mask seen us once every few nights for a few . he was creepy as hell and had frequently me to pirate really weird for him sometimes offering random in exchange . his stare made me uncomfortable despite being " used to him " . he rang me up in advance for the rope that she got once every three days or so and i for it . accustomed to our ritual about a bit while me if i could a list of less creepy than normal movie for him . i saw walk to the front of the store where she sometimes for me . when i over to get her however she was gone . i her name and nothing . i out the front of the store and she ' t there . told me he saw her go outside but she was nowhere to be found . i home calling her name as i went . as bad as her behavior could be this was not a part of her act . then i back to the store my heart pounding in my chest my mind racing over the worst possible . panic and my mind went over the many of what may have . i went back home again shouting her name as loudly as i could the whole way then to the store again . my stood outside of their in disbelief that now it was me causing the commotion and not my sister . on the way back home the third time i a police cruiser with a ham faced man and a pretty blonde woman with a tight sitting in the front . i on the window and the man instantly . " sir if you knock on my window again you will regret it . " the man said sternly his porky jaw . " please please my sister i need help ! " something about hearing it come out of my own mouth made it all a horrible reality . i my voice cracking as i spoke and sure enough the came flowing down at that moment . the man rolled his and exasperated but the woman sympathetic and they both stepped out of the vehicle . " alright sir fine . what does your sister look like and when was the last time you saw her ? " the man flatly . i every detail i could remember as his partner took a closer interest in what i was saying . the woman told me her name was crystal and that as sad as it was mentally ill people " just off " all the time . i was that she even it as a possibility as if i ' t know my own sister . she took down my description which her partner who she told me was said something i ' t hear into his radio . another cruiser up shortly later and crystal told me they were going to canvas the area . one tiny bead of hope stayed alive that they would find . the finished less than an hour later and crystal going home and catching some sleep . crystal told me they had already a missing report and that in the area would be on a lookout but that there was little they could do past that . they both made a point of saying that the mentally ill off frequently and that she might return of her own accord . i could tell from the tone in her voice that they had given up . the fat cop then that he had other he had to take care of and crystal if there was anyone i could call for emotional support . that was it . i knew then that she ' t just off . my sister was gone . i home knowing that there was no point in trying to sleep . as i the hotel i thought of the last time i had been on a date with a beautiful girl a long time ago a neighbor who had to lake worth from and who i had to show around . she inspired ' s jealousy causing her to begin screeching like an angry parrot every time she saw her . there was one time that always me where had been screaming at the both of us that it was our fault that she ' t get better because it was too stressful to live with me while i kept trying to despite being my only date within a ten year span . it was the last time i had seen and i had spent a lot of time about it . i for a split second if a woman like crystal might consider me now that there was nothing in the way before the guilt of my poor sister returned sparking a powerful round of self hatred . how could i wonder about such a thing while an innocent girl was missing ? i ' t reconcile the two and just weeping as i half . as i how many times i had between the two severe i saw the again at the on the third floor . it like a tree . i knew the were slim but i had to try . maybe she had gone to investigate that . or maybe whatever was causing the light had gone to investigate her . this time was sitting by himself at the bottom of the building eating a massive a style hamburger out of a box . he waved and made a quizzical smile at my approach as i up . " good morning ! or is it still evening to you day ? " he at himself but his face concerned as i got closer . it was probably pretty obvious i had been crying . his smile and his tone . " you mason ? " " i need to see that light . . . the one on the third floor . . . . you have to help me . . . " i to croak out to the normally jolly fat man . he . " wait what ' s on the third floor ? " he vacantly looking up . the light had to the front of the building with me and looking almost like the reflection of from a tree but moving . " the she might have gone to the . is missing we have to check please ! " the look on his face to absolute shock as i past him to the giant up of the old hotel . he back at me and blinked hard . " what ? " he staring straight at them . " just help please ! " i nearly as i desperately at the locked door . he past me and unlocked it . " calm down if she ' s up there we find her . it ' s buddy . . . " he holding the door open for me . " hope i don ' t get in trouble for this . " he as an afterthought . the old hotel was dark and musty inside lit only by emergency but the ballroom and former restaurant was still grand even in the dark with high wood and massive almost cyclopean stone . there was so much dust thrown by my running through it that i . i up the ancient at the end of the room but was still pretty far behind me . i the fifth floor panting and covered in sweat . i wasted no time going to the spot where i had seen the . the smell of mold mildew and other of rot was overpowering but i forced myself through it . i ran down a hallway and nearly vomiting in the dark racing to a door that was illuminated by a bright light coming from behind it and almost tripping on a brick on the ground in the process . i tore open the door and at the incredible light in front of me . a thousand moving made of light in scintillating . it was shaped almost like a tree or an upside down tornado . they were like from someone ' s point of view showing a man i ' t know smiling and throwing a ball to the observer an old woman crying on her bed while the observer watched from above a flitting image of someone leaving i . high school and so much more . i look around in a stupor but there was no possible source for the anywhere in the barren abandoned room . " ? " i the room for anything other than the indescribable thing in front of me . suddenly the contracted sharply the shape of it . i saw ' s reaching up to cup her face as down them . i saw from ' s point of view running away the last time i had seen her . i saw myself officer crystal . the to reflect every time i had during one of her mood every time i had been cruel . they faster and in sharper as if angry . then they grew dark and to show me the times i had her after our . this was no toy that those and this thing whatever was causing it either had in its or knew what had to her . " i ' m sorry ! please come back to me ! please ! " suddenly it was as if the thing was it to flit through of all of the times i had . " whatever you are please just give her back ! i just want my sister back ! " the grew and the confluence of towards me before stopping turning back a little as if unsure and then growing pale and suddenly flowing out of the open window in front of me . the room was left utterly empty illuminated by the outside . it was only me and the horrible reek of rotting wood and carpet . " no ! " i weeping as i ran to the window but there was nothing out there . i turned around and was there bewildered ketchup and mustard dripping from his chin and a heavy looking flashlight raised defensively . " what ? " he out of breath moving forward cautiously to investigate the room . " my sister . . . she ' s gone . . . " i cried out helplessly . turned the flashlight on and shone it around the room revealing it to be stripped all the way to the concrete . there were two on the side of the room and those were the only interrupted the concrete and which he to investigate to see if they had been . " you sure she was here ? " sounding and confused whipping his light around the room . i ' t honestly answer that so i shook my head helplessly . it was clear that ' t see the to begin with and i ' t want him to think i had gone crazy . i had no idea what i had just seen . all i knew was that ' s last impression of me was that i her gone . i ' t say it was an inaccurate one . it suddenly to me that probably thought i had lost my mind . " went missing . she ' s gone now . i thought she was here . . . but nothing . . . i thought she was here . . . " to relax enormously probably assuming he was going to have to help fight whatever was causing the phenomenon but his mouth was still hung open in a wide " o " of surprise . " my god . . . i ' m so sorry mason . i ' m so sorry . maybe we should head downstairs then ? you want something to eat ? " he said as helpful as a man could possibly be in that kind of situation . i shook my head but he me up from the window anyways and we down . we a bit once we were outside but i was mainly just crying . i went home and confused not knowing what had to my sister not knowing if it was a good or bad thing for my own life that she was gone . the feeling of guilt for this was almost physical . when i got home i ' t bear the sound of silence . the lack of making weird babbling or talking back to her t . v . was something i had never experienced in my home . i to throw up first the small dinner i had eaten and then what tasted like stomach acid and then dry . i ' t go to sleep but in sick from work the next morning . instead of going to work i sat at home staring at a wall feeling an absurd tug of war brewing inside of me as i of light and what kind of supernatural phenomenon might cause them . eventually i got a call from a police officer who himself as officer . he was very polite and went over the various that they had put out and the fact that several i did not see had in the admittedly brief before multiple had distracted the police elsewhere . however he was very blunt in saying that they typically did not devote to lost people especially the mentally ill and disabled . he was candid about the fact that the overwhelming majority of those people cold . when i him when i should check back in with them however he was gentle but straightforward with the reality . " we call people up right away when we find a missing person especially if they ' re at risk . did your sister have a bracelet ? we would call you if we found her . " he said in a neutral customer service tone . she had a special bracelet that her in case she got lost and forgot her address or my phone number . he pointed out that the intracoastal was right near where she went missing and that if she had somehow fallen in it would be extremely unlikely for her to be found at all . and the intracoastal and it was something i ' t considered . " yeah of course . " i said knowing the conversation was effectively over for him . i felt so helpless even the police ' t going to really treat her like a human being because of what was wrong with her . without skipping a beat he then to suggest looking in different then grief if that ' t work out . that was it . the police knew she was handicapped and had assumed the worst . if she ' t show up on her own accord there would be no realistic chance that she would show up . after the phone call i finally went to bed but barely slept . i ' t get the memory of the moving out of my head . i ' t imagine what felt if she still felt anything at all . did those mean that she knew what i was thinking ? did she know that i had her that a large part of me was as glad to be free of her burden as it was mournful of her loss as well as the difficulty she experienced in life ? the i had seen me . i ' t forget every time i had her sometimes much more cruelly than i ' d like to admit . i ' t know if the came from and if so why did i see the before she ? a few days went by and i my family . they their and me up to see them in boston . i was free to go about as i . one of my the " cool " one told me that he thought it was awful that i had been left shouldering her instead of just her in a home to begin with although he knew we ' t afford one . my aunt beth was the only one who to sense that i was actually genuinely upset and she told me that my mother had considered leaving in an shortly after she found out about her . " yeah i ' m not . " i said her comment . " she was going to leave you with me and just then move on with her life . " " what ? " i was nearly speechless . no one had ever told me that i too had almost been left for adoption . " your mother had a lot of . . . . . . when you were born . she ' t think she would would have been a good mother . none of us did . that ' s why she was going to leave you with me and leave with a foster family . " i had never this before . i had always seen my mother as a saint . i tried to say something but only a croak came out . " her mind . she ' t give her up right away it took some time . so she took care of her the best she could and it her . she knew you would be fine . you were barely a toddler then but you were smart adaptable . she knew she had to work to keep safe and it made her a better person . she quit drinking quit doing and slowly stopped leaving you with me all the time . the only thing she ever worried about after that was you and whether it was fair to you . and i think it was . what ' s your favorite memory with ? " i was silent for a few while she . i ' t fight back the but i my throat . " the bridge . she the . she knew every kind could even figure what make and model most of them were . " i my on my shirt which was now largely soaked . " how did she know all that ? " beth patiently . i felt a surge of defensiveness on ' s behalf as i often did when people about her as if she ' t capable of her own personality . " because she ' t just a stupid object . there were of her that ' t broken and sometimes it was like you could see the of her personality that would have through if she were a normal human being . " i myself explain . " she and the water . " i how excited she would get whenever there was an opportunity to go near the lake worth bridge . i how nearly sane she when she rattled off the of the day and even that were relatively common in the intracoastal lagoon of lake worth . " " it like you your time with her . i think it made you a strong young man and i think you are better for it . that was what your mother hoped for . she would have been happy knowing this . that ' s why she decided to keep you together . she got exactly what she had hoped for . even after she got better your mother was a two pack a day smoker who big almost as much as she you . ' t cause her stroke . even at her worst your mother still her . she only hoped that you would too . " i was silent again . i coming home to find my mother gasping for air only able to move on one side . i blaming . i was only at the time but i ' t say a word to her for a month because of it . i ' t realize that was the only reason i had time with her to begin with . i could hear beth weeping on the other end of the line . we a while longer about the good times with and it . i went to sleep that night easily for the first time since but woke up some time around three or four in the morning . despite feeling better after the phone call i felt terrible again . ' t know what i had just . if i ' t set right with none of what i just experienced would matter . i found myself walking to the hotel in my with a flashlight . i could see the shimmering even from a distance . when i got there was again . i ' t blame him he always about how boring his job was . i went to the door he had previously used and found it locked but a window on the other side of the building was easy to open . i took a moment to make sure i ' t hear any ringing and then through the old tropical ballroom up the ancient slowly going up flight after flight . i took a deep breath when i the third floor that i was right about the light being from and not something that took her although i still ' t understand why i saw them before she . i down the hallway this time the brick and the door with coming from behind it . the smell of rot and mold got me before the did even than it was previously and sickly sweet . once i to keep myself from throwing up i forward into the room . once again i saw a massive flurry of clearly not just from ' s life . someone ' s visit to the grand canyon someone fetch with a black dog writing a paper . all of them from someone ' s point of view . i if these were the of other people that were somehow locked here just like . " . are you there ? " i tearing up at the thought of talking to her . the and then racing to of myself our home and . " i ' m so sorry . i ' m so sorry i was an to you . i never you to leave . i always you . and i miss you so much . " the again showing me reaching out to hold her hand . hugging her . they me crying on my bed after i found our . " it was never your fault . i ' m just so sorry i ' t know that . i would give anything to have you with me again . i never to lose you . i don ' t understand what to you or why this is here instead of you but i just want you back . the for a moment then turned very dark rapidly . suddenly i saw smiling happily . i saw him grab while she was in front of the store . i saw his hand go over her mouth forcing her to be quiet as i for her no more than fifteen away . i saw her move to the hotel where her . then i saw him take out his heavy flashlight and bring it down across her face until the went dark . other to the surface someone being given a ride in ' s car dragged to the same fate . someone walking by the hotel suddenly hurriedly inside . over and over and over i saw it all from their point of view as and them . i to feel sick . " . . . you . " i meant to ask it as a question but there was no question to ask . then the to show ' s body as if she was watching it from the ceiling . it it into a plastic bag and dragging it to the next room . that ' s when i threw up . so that was why had his flashlight out when i got up here . he was worried that i knew . the fact that i ' t in the adjacent room was the only reason the fat let me live . the mold and mildew covered the smell of the possibly before he disposed of them more thoroughly . " he ' s going to pay . he ' s not going to get away with this . " i felt my . the and reflecting happier from some unknown number of young . i out of the room and quietly left the hotel the same way i came in . i considered killing him as i away but i ' t sure i ' d easily get the upper hand on a man with more than on me and i ' t own a gun . i the police after i was a short distance and told them that i had found a body in the hotel . it ' t take long for the flashing to arrive and i was pretty sure ' t there when they came . shortly after that a lot of flashing came . the next day i saw in the sheriff ' s office booking blotter that he had been and for the first time in my life i god for the sunshine that made our state notorious . ' s murderer was put in prison and his attorney would later fail to argue effectively that he should not be in " gen pop " . i never saw the again although i saw several of the from the at the trial and they were the family of ' s . i hoped that the going out meant that they finally got peace . they deserved it especially . i my dog bear on the same route every day at . bear is a big that i d gotten ago when i into my first home alone . it t an unsafe area not even close to it but bear around made me feel a lot as a woman living alone . bear is a great companion if not a little curious . our consist of bear sniffing out and the errant candy bar in the leaves . uneventful . we go down the street turn right on elm go up the hill on way and cut down in front of the fox hill house . fox hill t exactly abandoned . the city bought it and ago but t done anything with it since . it must been impressive once but now it just empty . the lawn but that s the extent that the city up with it . i know from my as a teen that the door and stay locked and i never seen anyone successfully the place . the style home out at the hill before it with blank empty . paint still kept up and the roof still intact but abandoned in the sense that nothing warm it home in a very long time . that s why i was to see a small desire path creeping up to the front door one day . if you don t know what a desire path is it s a path usually tread by the main path . maybe it s a more direct route maybe it s been tread to avoid the or maybe it s to avoid the creepy statue by the library . at least that s what the desire on my college campus had been made for . as for the fox hill desire path i was at a loss . it was just a small dirt path leading straight to the imposing front of fox hill . the sun was setting quickly now dusk had snuck up carefully behind us before we even . i at bear s leash for us to begin our walk home but he stood resolutely in front of the dirt path nose pointed out straight . there were no in sight and nothing to hold his attention but he against his collar with a whine . i and at my watch . it was only which was still early enough . i guess we were going up the path . t hurt me to get a couple extra in i thought . i t exactly have the same body i d had in college . finally we d made it to the top and i bent over a little to catch my breath . apparently these daily had done nothing to help my . bear his nose against the front door and up at me imploringly . i bear but i t love bear in a break into a city building kind of love . then the door open the bit . bear up at me triumphantly . i to tell him i t the one who the door for him i certainly t love him that much but then who did open it ? i know the correct thing was to close the door and leave . honestly i did know that at the time but t you ever just a little bit curious ? i d grown up with this austere house and after maybe i d a little peek inside . so well i peaked . i t anticipate what i saw though . there was a fire roaring in the front hall and garland to be on every possible surface . i swear i could even smell sugar baking somewhere in the house . faint music from another room . i immediately to leave . it was clear that the city was this for something maybe a staff party and i d right in with my massive dog currently mud on the very expensive looking rug . welcome ! a woman said from the room to our right . she was wearing a red apron currently with flour . you re a little early but you re welcome to sit . i have ready in just a bit ! oh sorry i i out but she had already left the room . i decided the best course of action was to just flee . i up bear who was currently rolling on his back on the carpet and hurried to the front door . it was locked . i the handle a little but it t give . my heart plummeted to my stomach as i i d have to ask this poor woman how to leave the place i d clearly into . this was not how i my night going . i turned to survey the room . maybe there was a back door we could sneak out of ? or sneak as much as possible with a pound dog in tow . then the front door . a portly man in a large green coat his arms full of delicately wrapped . he saw me and made the universal please help me with my absurdly large amount of i m carrying gesture or possibly that s just how i d it . ah yes thank you he said as we set the down on the front bench . i m happy to see you as i was worried i d be the first one here . i hate to be late and inconveniently it me almost rudely early . ah not that you re rude to be here . it s just well quite early t it ? it like both the host and this guest t seem to know i was out of place so maybe i could play this off and discretely leave the second the front door to work for me . the man was rifling through the now making and as he picked a couple up and them aside clearly dissatisfied . this is terribly embarrassing but i don t seem to have a present here for you he said . oh i m a new addition . please don t worry about it i don t need a present i said my flushing red . well i got one here for the lovely bear though . may i ? he holding up a small present neatly finished with a large gold bow . i as he the present clearly bear . inside was a large rawhide bone one of bear s . bear was with this present and laid on the carpet gnawing the bone with gusto . the man down at bear then turned to the front door it was opening now and a couple . he them with and they into the other room . i watched as maybe people and received from the man over the course of the hour . everyone was dressed for a holiday party . the by in crimson gold emerald and even some ivory . the men neatly with smart and back hair . it was a party and i was wearing a winter coat i d gotten nearly four ago from a discount rack . the woman from the kitchen once again this time carrying a tray full of . they amazing like something out of the expensive cook i d in the bookstore . they smelled even better . i t pin it down but it was something like butter or maybe bacon or cheese or or fresh baked bread . it was something like all of those together in perfect harmony . she knelt down to offer one to bear who immediately it down . i thinking about the gas he was going to have later tonight if he kept eating those . it was so kind of you to accompany bear truly but i do think it s about time for you to be going she said smiling a little sadly at me . oh my gosh yes of course . let me just grab him and she cut me off with a wave of her hand . i know it s natural to be worried but the hard part is over now . he will be in safe i assure you . i what ? you can t have my dog ? i said dumbly . a hush fell over the house as the nervously at each other . the woman her head a little to take me in . i at bear to call him over to me but the man with the caught bear in his arms and to the woman for help . bear to try to escape his grasp . the woman to one of the men i d seen enter and he rose to escort me out . i m not leaving bear ! i his arm away . you could stay he said looking down at me with dark . but you still got some time . i don t think you d want to . then in one fluid motion he me out and the door in my face . its lock resolutely and i was out in the cold . i the door until i saw a man running across the field from the road evidently coming straight for me . ma am ! is that your dog ? i m so sorry i t see him it was out of nowhere he said sputtering . i numbly to where his hand was pointing . i could see bear lying unmoving in the road this man s car stopped right in front of him . i to my as the man someone on his cell . yes we re on fox hill i just hit a dog i yes . huh . yes . it s he down to his watch . it s . the of chester abstract ' s disappearing crying family black return to chester are the of sam . they will be posted in chronological order though they can for the most part be read in any . for your benefit i am only posting the where we unusual phenomena . for every noteworthy one there were many more . as the are a haphazard combination of and personal memory i am going to write them out in a more narrative format to make them easier to digest . however these are not all the in them are completely factual to the best of my knowledge . of some have been to protect you from yourself . sammy would have me to share these and so i do . in loving memory of . you will never be forgotten . holy i knew your was loaded but like i t been home in a while and mostly t think about it much . but seeing sam s reaction to the estate me of just how abnormal my childhood had been . i guess some would call me lucky and in a sense i was . i t feel lucky though . my was pretty much good for one thing and one thing only sending me money . aside from that i barely spoke to the bitch . we the jeep into the expansive driveway and the gate closed behind us . some dude one of s was waiting for us near the entrance to the house . no house t do it credit . it was a mansion by any definition . in i reluctantly handed off the to some lackey and we in the dining room . it was just like i it . and unfortunately was there . i knew he d be present that was part of the reason i t to come . the brat was insufferable . but t made it a choice . she said she d break my god damned if i t come . her not mine . and i her . hey . the was glued to a switch or something and t even bother to reply . just as well really . no sight of though just an overly large empty room . i what sort of wheeling and dealing had gone down in this place since i had out . i t really want to know or particularly care but as sam and i sat there waiting for her to show up it was hard not to pass the time by in my head . are you going to introduce me to your brother ? sam s question was annoying . no . i t know you even had a brother . i don t know exactly what look i gave her but i remember what i said . i don t have a brother . she a bit taken aback . it s complicated . i explain later . it was very complicated but it t occur to me how harsh my must have at the time . i m not sure if i should have been thankful or not but my mother interrupted the awkward mood by finally to show up . she like her normal self . i m quite certain i was practically grunting as she came in . and of course she was happy to see me and us with all her usual charm . if only . what the hell is she doing here ? she was scowling at sam as she said it . was such a nice person . i t even answer i really t care . she sat her ass down and got to the reason we d been dragged into this hellhole as quickly as she could . and or whatever she chose to call them about like serving us something they presumably food . i d rather have gone to but whatever . they t been sam so they had to prepare another serving but i gave her mine . i t mind waiting i t that hungry anyways . you all are going to . i remember watching sam poke at the steak as i tried to comprehend my s . ? your flight leaves in three . your new apartment is already bought and furnished all you have to do is take a cab from the airport in . i t know what this was all about but i sure as hell t going to . what the ? i don t speak german and neither does sam . i had barely even her statement . why the hell do you think i am just going to hop on a flight to another country ? you barely ever talk to me and now you expect me to just blindly leave my home ? i t even realize i was shouting until i saw the look on sam s face . baker will escort you both to the airport . you will not miss your flight no matter your on the topic . i m not going to god damned ! completely disengaged from the conversation . especially not with him ! i added . the old witch snapped her though and some of her men who had been waiting in the an envelope in front of my so brother and i . he his but i poked through it quickly while sam watched . a plane ticket a passport an eu one no less and a bunch of other arcane . i t help but notice that the name on all of them t mine . apparently i was now born in but a citizen of as well due to my father being a citizen and my birth there . what the hell is this ? i should never have come to this sordid event . you all t safe here . you be in you can come back when settle down . sam t said a word during this entire exchange . she had stopped eating and was just listening . sometimes i forgot just how weird my family really is but seeing her reaction to everything that was happening me . don t worry sam we re not going to . i tried to reassure her i could see the confusion in her . my to turn even that little attempt on its head though . you re right she s definitely not going . you know how long it to get these made ? and in the system no less ? used to be you could just get by with the but now everything to match the computer . sam go . it t the first time i had a forced retreat with my but of all the i d run away from my might have been the most . baker blocked our path though his huge frame filling the door from the room . get the out of the way . he t budge . i recall giving my the look i d probably ever thrown her direction . you t serious ? tell me you t serious . she just picked at her as she . you re a liability here at the moment . it won t be forever you be back again soon enough . she tried to put on the smile i ever . go have some fun . it s see the world or something . i m not going anywhere without sam ! do you not understand that ? are you retarded ? she t seem happy about my outburst . listen you re getting on that plane or i swear to god i have baker beat the ever living out of your little puppy . i at the huge man . knowing she probably t lying either . my supposed brother still just sat there some game completely unengaged with everything . i hate you . why don t you just die . i t hold my back . but she d them before and took them in stride . you can hate me on the plane . it s first class so you can drink your away like the little you are . she at baker . time to go . he apparently knew exactly what to do and soon and i were being to one of my mother s uncountable number of . i t even get a chance to kiss sam . i her furiously as we were driven to the airport . she said she was going to go back to the apartment for now . she had the jeep at least . i her back that we d find a way to reconnect . i d buy her a ticket to or something . it took a long time for her to reply . i can t leave my family . the stung unlike anything i had ever experienced . i t sure what to type next . sam please i don t want to be alone in a foreign country . another uncomfortable period of time lapsed before the ping of her reply came . your said you d be coming back . i wait for you . i t want to wait . but apparently that meant almost nothing . it was hard to blame sam her grandmother was on her deathbed and t to last another month . she had a tenuous relationship with her and something i could relate to . sam had been trying to make amends and recuperate what little was left of her with her kin as she could over the last few . i d always tried to be supportive and i suppose in a sense that had on me . but i t just change my tune now . i understand . i every letter even if it was just a text message . i return as soon as i am able . i pretty much intended to immediately book a return flight from the airport the moment i got there . no way was i going through with this insanity . my t even have enough respect to tell me why she was shipping me off to the far of the earth . i just sat there quietly as we made the remainder of the drive to the airport . whoever this thug of s was t say a word as he drove and i there . i half he d probably be on the flight with us too just to make sure we made it to our destination . that god damned bitch . sure enough he us at every step of the check in and boarding process . like some shaved headed bouncer right out of a cartoon or something . t look like someone i to mess with but i also t sure how much i . he surely t me up in the middle of an airport terminal . i m taking a cab home . i said the with as much confidence as i could muster . he just at me in reply . the moment i tried to walk away his firm grip was on my shoulder . your mother just what is best for you and your brother . you don t realize how fortunate you are . he gave me a penetrating stare . just go to . it s a nice country . you like it there . lots of pretty if that s what you re into . not really my thing but i m not one to judge . i to ask just who the hell this guy was exactly but i knew it would be pointless . had always kept strange company . we ate some food in the airport terminal as we for boarding . t say a damned thing so i wasted some time chatting with our escort . can you at least tell me why we re being sent away ? i feel like you owe us that at least . t want me talking business with you . but i assure you she t doing it just to make you angry . these are difficult times . an enigmatic response . she had us a liability . how the could we be a liability ? she was the of a pharmaceutical company for god s sake or at whatever she her enterprise . it had literally nothing to do with and i . i decided to text sam again to pass the time . i tried to get away but this me by the . i guess i m going to . i come back as soon as i possibly can . emphasis on soon mostly for my own sake . i a few before sending a follow up . i was a bit i t gotten a response yet . i love you sam i m sorry about all this . still no reply . i knew it was probably nothing but i just to see a few . just something simple by her . even if it was just i love you too . so i was eager the moment i felt the vibration in my pocket . i went to check the something pretty normal . a small at the very least . what i saw was far different . help ! they are breaking in the door . i the but i don t know what to do . i back so fast i know i made a few spelling along the way . i t give two . what s going on where are you ? at your apartment . she later . then almost immediately afterward she . i picked up of course . my heart was in my throat not knowing what was happening . she was in i could hear her crying . but she t say anything . i was afraid to speak in case she was trying to hide from something or someone . my were proven when i the sound of a man shouting my name in the background through the phone . up . i whispered to sam . i m coming . just do whatever they ask it be . the phone was off and i was on my heading toward the terminal exit . predictably i felt the heavy hand of my apparent warden on my shoulder again . i your call . i t have time for this . i tried to keep moving but he had me by the arm . get on that plane and i go and take care of it . personally . but you have to get on that plane understand ? there was no chance i was going to do what he was of me . and it was clear he as much . but he t back down . if anything to you i m . i have a son you know . six old . i t understand or care why he was saying this at the time but he went on . i know what you are feeling wanting to protect someone you love . i tried to jerk away but he t going to have it . the boarding had apparently begun according to the . if you really love her let me handle it . you just get you and her . my every instinct told me to just run . to make my way to sam as fast as i possibly could . but even if i did manage to break away what was my plan ? to just take a cab to my apartment ? the police would already be there by then and if they t . well i certainly t some wick . he was right if these home were dangerous i d probably be both sam and myself in danger . it was hard but i decided to acquiesce . please please please please . promise me you help her ! he just sort of but i could see a bit of relief in it . watching out for you is my job . i been keeping on your since you were just a babe . the fact that my had people on me t that shocking but it did make me hate her all the more . i already sam the combination for the gun safe you all put in the bedroom . not her memorize it was really a stupid mistake on both of your . i t it either and the realization that even i t have been able to access my own in an emergency did make me feel really stupid . apparently this guy knew more about my apartment than i did . now the sooner you get on that plane the sooner i can get back to your apartment . so what it be ? i was so angry and . but there ' t any so it was an easy decision . go ! just go ! quickly ! i nearly him away but he satisfied . this was going to be the flight of my life . except it t . i had no intention of getting on that plane whatsoever . the moment baker was gone i my own tactical exit . s irritating voice suddenly me from behind . where are you going ? we have to board . i turned around and i remember feeling red in the face . i m not sure if it was visible . but i was probably than i should have been . get on the damned plane if you want i m not going . i just left him there alone in the airport terminal . not something i am of . i two people that day . no four really . my little brother him in that crowded place without any guidance . baker who had to do what he could to help the woman i . my though i t give two about her . and sam . for this happen . i t know what this was then but i felt like it was somehow my fault . the cab ride was expensive but i t care . i continuously sam as we drove praying to hear something from her . i considered calling but t sure if she was in . i had no idea what was going on . about halfway through my trip my phone and i frantically tried to pull out and swipe my phone . the south driver was some music and it was driving me mad . i read the message . we have her . we trade her for you . and a second later came an address . i had the driver immediately change . it was a terrible feeling not knowing what i was walking into . i tried to call sam s number but they t pick up . so i the only other person who s number i had who might know something about what was going on . my . you re supposed to be on a plane you re flight left twenty ago ! she was screaming at me through the phone obviously i t call her if i were at k . someone broke into my apartment . they said they have sam . dan you re going to go back to that airport and take the next flight to . that is not a request . it s what s going to happen ! you . why are people breaking into my place ? where is sam ? forget about her there s plenty of out there you can do better . she so snide as she said it . she t care about sam at all and as far as i was concerned me by extension . i to just throw my phone out the window of the moving taxi but it was my only way to even have a chance of communicating with sam at that time . i just tightly a poor expression of my rage . the driver was giving me weird . i finally spoke . they gave me an address i m going there . they said they would trade her for me . to shriek something at me but i hung up on her and then immediately her the address . maybe she d send some of her . like my best shot . the driver eventually said something as well . are you ? do you need me to take you to the hospital or something ? no ! just take me where i ! i . you just up a random address i watched you do i at him angrily in response . you know what you re the boss . he . i felt extremely uneasy as we up outside the old warehouse just on the edge of . quickly several hundred at the cab driver i got out and immediately tried to call sam s number again . no answer . i instead . i m outside . it took a little while and i to worry i had maybe come to the wrong place or something . the taxi was already gone and i was just standing in front of this seemingly abandoned building . but a message did find me in time . come in . alone . i back . sam is there ? me for her that s the deal still right ? i several more but whoever had her phone t reply . i considered waiting until my s men up but thought better of it . who knew what they might do to sam if they found out i had in the cavalry . i in all of my and went through that door . nobody me on the other side though . i through an empty and dusty storage area large metal lining the front wall . trucks must have unloaded here once upon a time . not . hello ? i it unsure what i was to do next . there were a few other along the left wall and i remember considering trying one of them . as i the of them my phone and to indicate another message . it was sam s number again . hanging from the third door knob . put on the arms behind your back . we collect you . i t it which had me but there were indeed hanging from the door handle . i t believe i was actually going through with this . i guess i was braver than i had thought . the into the locked state . i figured i was at their mercy at that point . i still had no idea what any of this was about . and that was when i the sound of a small armada up outside . i t tell exactly but there might have been half a dozen or more coming to a halt just beyond those large steel loading . my phone to buzz again but i t answer it now my fully behind me . a bunch of men burst in drawn . the moment they saw me i was collected and led into one of the seven or so which had outside . nobody any attention to the cuff i had on . they were making my ache . where s sam ? you you d let her go ! i t see anything of her . it was an exchange me for her ! i don t know or care what the hell you are talking about . you had your in a fit . spoiled brat . he me into a back seat . i then that these t the people who had been me from sam s phone . no wait . you have to me . she s in the building i need to at least message them and explain . the more i thought about what was unfolding the more i . i don t know what they do to her ! please ! i t even given the time of day . i my phone buzz again . stop crying like a god damned baby . the man in the passenger seat it at me as we down the highway at what felt like per hour . i t even i was crying until he said it . please can you just check my phone ? i at my pocket . the man in the back seat with me the device and tried to turn it on . can t even answer your own damned phone ? mommy do everything for you ? i gave him the pin and he was in . no . he said . give it to me ! get me out of these ! he was definitely . what the are you talking about ? and desperate i to tuck my through my arms getting my in front of me finally . i snatched the phone from his and checked it myself . two . we re on our way . a bit later by the second one . you lied to us . you t alone . my head was spinning . i was so sure that they were going to kill her or hurt her or do god what to her . i m begging you you have to let me go back . i do anything . i cried as i with my s but i knew it was going to be for nothing . they to her and she t give a about what i . shut up . i was outright to nobody s surprise . they have my ! i t stop begging . who are they ? why is this happening ? please just tell me what s going on ! that girl at your apartment ? one of them suddenly . she s fine it was actually kind of impressive . i t understand . what do you mean ? she s with the police at the moment take a hell of a lawyer to get her out of the steaming pile of she made for herself . a lawyer ? the police ? the guy next to me could see the look of confusion on my face i assume because he decided to say a bit more . she left three zeta all over the living room . place was a mess . she s fortunate she t accidentally kill a neighbor or something in the . a few of reflection as i took in the . those mother . they had never had her they had been lying this whole time . i had almost right into a trap . i felt a bit better knowing she was at least . why the hell did they want me so badly though ? what are ? i starting to lose some of my . i t really expect them to tell me anything everything about my s business was so secretive . it was obvious she was into some shady that had been clear for a long time but i mostly kept my head down and stayed out of her way . so i was a bit taken off guard when the guy sitting shotgun actually to answer . cartel from south of the border . nasty people . you re lucky we got to you first . when we finally got back to my mother s house i was forcefully dragged into her presence . i was ready for some kind of retribution or rage but to my surprise she actually relieved to see me . for the first time in she gave me a hug . i t really know what to say . so we said nothing . when she finally broke away i could tell she had been crying . i t hold back my any longer . you need to come clean with me about what s going on . it was odd . she was smiling as she told me to shut the up . i did some research into these a bit later that night . they were terrifying and brutal apparently known for and torture . if they had gotten their on me or sam it could have been a nightmare . really had saved my ass . but the question of why they were after me still . i knew the answer though . i had always known it was a front . the truth about s pharmaceutical company . i just t exactly how deep it went until that moment . more were done and more came up about the bloody war being waged along the border between two opposing . the more i read the more i felt ill . of people had mostly on the side of the line on the map . and police in cold blood as well . i had to stop reading when i got to an article about some guy his face peeled off and to a soccer ball . i just to talk to sam . i out my phone to call her and see how she was doing but the text sat there me of something i had almost forgotten . she t have her phone . somehow they had gotten it . but s had said she had the so how could they have it ? i felt incredibly uncertain about everything like my understanding of the world was around me all at once . i picked up my phone and with great reluctance i sam s number again . it rang for what felt like an eternity and finally someone . where are you ? it was something of a gruff voice maybe a bit of a accent . how did you get sam s phone ? the line was silent for a while after i it . come or we take out her . it felt increasingly like the trap i it was though . i she s in police custody . i m going to confirm that and if it turns out she t i come . don t do anything rash in the . i hung up on him as soon as i said it . i really hoped i was making the right choice . it took about thirty of calling every local station in the city before i found the one where sam was currently being . they t let me talk to her . but i did find out one thing my had for one of the best in the state to represent her . despite how much she to hate her . i still t help but feel uncomfortable about everything . i sam s phone back . you don t have her . go kill yourselves . maybe not the best idea to provoke them but i t sure it . i t feel safe here in . and i certainly t eager to move in with my again and live under the watchful of her small army . went well in court and sam was as she was to have in self defense . i finally got to see her again . i d never felt so happy as we made out later that night in my old bedroom at the estate . she told me everything that had gone down and it was a wild story . after getting the text from baker she had the safe and the carbine . it just sort of . i could tell she was still distressed by it . i the door and then just i them . you did what you had to do . i t imagine it but i had to say something . i four people now dan . four people . sammy i into them . they would have hurt you . they to blind you when i was them on your phone . on my phone ? she bore a strange look on her face . at first it like disbelief but it was apparently just confusion . she produced her phone from her pocket . the ? i it from her and immediately her text . there was no evidence of any of the i had sent . no that s impossible . here check mine . i it out as well and handed it off to her . she t reply at first . the last message you sent me was right before the busted into the apartment . that t be right i double checked . somehow she was correct though . there was no evidence of any other . how could that possibly be ? the thought plagued me . tore at my understanding of everything that had come to pass . no i m certain . they must have like hacked your phone or something . is that possible ? i was shooting in the dark . i don t know but t the be on your phone as well still ? i had no answer for that . it t matter we re both safe and that s the only thing that s important . we could try and get to the bottom of it later . that evening my head hurting again . it had been happening a lot a sort of migraine that in my and then slowly into the back of my skull . that axe wound i was sure . i still had a scar there and had wearing to conceal it . several aspirin were put back with a beer . i know it s bad but i t really care at the time . just the pain to go away . i laid there on my childhood bed closed waiting for it to kick in while sam did something on my old computer . every click of the to bring the agony out . sam i m sorry can you please stop . like my brain is going to explode . our . you need to go to the doctor . they said it should have gone away by now and you been acting weird . she wore her concern on her sleeve . i had no intention of going to the hospital at the moment but it was nice to know she about me . a knock on the door the pain to return . can i come in ? it was my . the last person i to see at that moment . go away . dan we need to talk . it s important . i . fine what is it ? she the door and just stood in the doorframe an envelope in hand . i need a moment in private with my son . she was speaking at sam who did as she . closed the door as soon as she was out of the room . why are all the off ? she me . i m getting another migraine . i m worried about you dan you been them almost every night . and that whole ordeal with you going to that abandoned building . she had at me about it enough already . they told me she was there i had to go check ! we scoured the whole place there was nobody there . i told you this already . she took a seat on the bed next to me . harry said you were just laying on the floor babbling about something . i was tired of hearing this nonsense . explain the then . they had left them there for me so that s proof enough for me . dan . she . you re forgetting . i already told you that there were no . a brief sigh . it could be pretty serious . maybe related to that head injury . i already made you an appointment with the best neurologist in berlin . this again . i told you i m not going to ! how many times do i have to tell you ? i was screaming at her as my head . just handed me the envelope . it s for sam . if that s what it to get you to join your brother . he needs you . i it open . inside was an eu passport and a bunch of official looking . the name was alison durst . but the photo had sam s face on it . she t going to just go her family is all here . i t believe we were still debating this i just to try and fall asleep and let this headache pass . she s not safe here now not after what she did . those men she they were dangerous and their are just as dangerous if not more so . i just sort of at her . please i t be sending you away if i t feel i had no choice . i can t protect her here . i don t think i can even protect you here . she was begging at this point . please dan . i know i haven t been a good mother but you and your brother are the most important in my life . please just go . it won t be forever . i was still resisting . why the hell are you war against one of the most dangerous in then ? what the ! this is your fault ! i t see any reason to bother with we both knew full well she was a criminal even if i t know all the dirty . it s hard to explain . she regretful as she spoke . you can t just walk away when you re in this deep . i would stop if i could but that won t be possible until this is over . please dan promise me that you and sam will go . you be back in time for . we had never once celebrated . and regardless that meant we d be in or wherever for almost a year . but her warning rang in my head . i can t protect her here . in the end that was really all i to convince me . i had to keep sam safe . i had always known my was involved in some kind of drug related nonsense . pharmaceutical company my ass . but if she was war on the i guess i had never really understood the scale of what she was . i how many people she had throughout her career . and if a woman like that felt like she t protect her own i had to believe her . we d go to as much as i the idea . alright . fine . but another question came to me . what about you though ? t you in danger too ? it s different . she dismissive . this is my mess and i m the one who to clean it up . it s just how it is . the were starting to kick in i felt a little better . but this conversation had all of running through my head now that it was a bit more clear . dad t really die of cancer did he . she sat quietly . i t sure she d tell me the truth whatever it was . he did . she knew what i was really . he was never involved in any of this . for some reason i her though i don t know why . maybe just because i t had a conversation with her that t involve yelling and in what felt like half a lifetime . i vaguely this side of her from when i was younger . i kind of it . i m sorry i been an . the apology just sort of came out of me even though i knew she had way more to apologize for . i take care of . she just my leg and got up to leave . you re flight leaves in the morning . don t miss it this time . and get your head checked out . i will . i . sam came back in as soon as she left . what was that all about ? i thought you t on speaking with her ? i just to sleep but that t happen until we . not if she was coming with me in the morning . sammy you t going to like this and i m really sorry . i t want to say it i was afraid she might refuse . there was no way i could allow that . i just handed her the envelope and she to shuffle through it before giving me a concerned stare . i i can t . she to add some more in but i interrupted her . you have to or more people will come for you . for us both . they use you to get to me and me to get to my . but what about my family ? my grandmother ? i can t just leave . she finally the time on the plane ticket . this is for tomorrow morning ! you can t be serious ! i felt terrible and if maybe i should have just told my off . but i the i had read . the and unending violence along the border . and s warning . we be back by . i hopefully . i really was my mother s son it . it took some serious convincing but she did eventually give in . she had mostly been worried about going to jail at the start of all this but s attorney had gotten all startlingly quickly . when i showing her more about the and nest she had just over i could tell she was getting a bit more frightened . a tough year laid in front of us . but now that i was i to begin thinking about some more positive . i supposed it would be kind of cool to see another country i d never been abroad before . and at least i d have sam with me thank god . hey sammy see if anyone in your group is from . i could see her light up and i knew she was already exploring ancient and old world . just a quick post i to sleep badly . sam it out . moving to apparently and need a team to continue our work . anyone in the area ? i could still see her disbelief in her . i don t know how i to convince her to go along with all this . i remember thinking she must really love me to follow me to the of the earth . she hit send . the next day we got our first reply while we were on the plane . these are to sammy . i miss you so much . are going relatively well for me now . we still have our and . some days i still feel a sense of uncertainty about my future though i can t really complain . i made my and have also made peace with most of them and the reality that you can t change the outcome . they are my and have made me who i am . there is still one decision that still me i will admit . it t particularly the decision itself but the ominous power that made such an offering possible . i was somewhere in my mid . i had just graduated with my degree which put me into a hefty student debt and was barely scratching out a living working multiple part time all the while to apply for that made use of my extremely expensive piece of paper . i had also just been by my of five who i had on to and then shortly after had found out that she had on me with someone i had considered a close friend . as for the rest of my family or they were either out of town living their best or had major of their own . i fell into isolation . it t all gloom though . i made great use of this time to establish a better sense of self and autonomy . i would go out by myself and have just as good a time as any other . i slowly to overcome my social anxiety and to in a sense live . still even with this new found confidence i t prepared for this particular night . i almost back . i had discovered a particularly cool dive bar in a town one county over which had an open night . the comedy but the people were chill the local taps were great and it was nice just to get out . i would never stay long though . i walking around the town as it had a rather robust weekend night life . the that i would walk the between and their the trying to rescue each other and the struggle home after a night of overestimation . i saw a lot during this time . on this night i was more hesitant to head home so i stayed out a little later than usual . the were beginning to pack their the at the to shift to the and there was a faint summer coolness in the air brought on by midnight in a place usually warm all year . i was headed down what some considered to be one of the more ghetto streets . the whole place had your typical small town feel to me this area just t as kept as the rest . there was a young girl stumbling out of one of the . she to be in about her early wearing clubbing attire . a guy who a bit older after her . i had seen her wandering around town on many nights prior . this guy new though . i coincidently behind . neither of them me . they stayed in front of me for some time until they turned a corner . i sat down on one of the right outside the board game shop and going home . they in my view for sometime as they continued on . i t help but watch as i had an uneasy feeling about the situation . she was stumbling barely able to hold herself up . he stoned sober . maybe he was a friend and her driver ? what did i care ? after some contemplation i curiosity got the best of me . i might at least run into them one last time and then make my way to my care which was in one of the free parking quite a ways back . sure enough as i to pass one of the back i some and a clear yet still and nearly lifeless no ! in the light of the near by lamp post i could see t that this creep was trying something with her pinned to the wall . hey ! i . at that moment my ran with cold water . i confess i m not the brave type . the guy quickly shot a look at me . maybe i could take him if it came to it i thought . fortunately i think he was even more so at being caught as he took off running down the alley and around the corner . hey i said approaching the young girl are you ? she slid down the wall and on to her bottom . are you ? i repeated . i don t feel so well she finally . is there anyone i can call for you ? no answer just more muttering . my initial thought was to call the police of course . then i figured that the hospital t too far away so i could possibly walk her over . i took her hand and as delicately as i could tried to haul her to her . alight c mon as i tried to pull her up but she gave minimal effort . i t want to hurt her and she in a bad place . walking her even just a few was probably out of the picture at this point . i settled on calling and waiting with her . it t take long for them to drive by our way and when they did i them down . she was still basically sleeping in the alley . you the one who ? yeah she s over here . i tried to move her but she was out of it . they me down the alley with a stretcher ma am are you ? what s going on ? can you hear us ? no response . they checked her pulse and breathing . she was still alive . i stood by watching . you the ? no i was just out for a walk and i she was with some dude . she already out of it when the guy to be trying something . when i said hey ! the guy took off . as they brought her into the ambulance and to check her and other vitals they me for more . i tried to explain myself thoroughly as i m sure they were skeptical . you call the police ? not yet i figured i should probably call you first . you see if she was drinking anything ? i t see her with a drink but i she and the guy came out of the same bar . we go ahead and take her in but you might want to call the police and make a report about this . yeah sure thing . they took her off to the nearby hospital and left me to make a police report . by this time it was probably already about or so . i don t remember the . only that i was tired . i the number for the police in this area and told two different desk the situation . i finally got a hold of an officer . this is officer kapur . yeah i d like to make a police report . tonight while i was walking around town i a guy and a girl walking around and the girl pretty out of it . then i to stumble on them as i by this alley over between the board game and the record store off of cherry oak . the guy like he was trying something . when i out to them the guy took off running . the officer me more about the incident my name at what time the incident where it what the other man like what hospital the girl was in if i had any other and multiple times for accuracy . i told her as much as i could but was feeling a bit out of it myself . could i get your number please in case i need to reach you again for more ? she of course i said and gave her my number . with that she me and i figured she went off to the community medical center to check up on the girl . i m sure someone there probably found some id on the girl . i finally got to my small studio apartment and got to bed a little after three . a few had gone by after the incident when i received a knock at my small studio door one . looking through the peep hole i a very well dressed elder man in a checkered shirt and grey with aviator and a macabre rosary necklace around his neck . i the door and he instantly a pleasant smile . good morning and for me by name . yes that s me i still by the door . it s very nice to meet you . my name is de and i believe i owe you a debt of gratitude . there was a brief pause as i tried to process what i could have done to make this guy so happy . he to realize . about two ago you made a police report about a young woman . do you remember ? oh yes i did . are you a detective or ? oh no no . i m the young girl s father . oh her father i . oh is she alright ? yes she is doing fine now thanks to you . would you mind if i come in ? normally in like this i would just step outside to speak to the stranger in full view of my but his appearance and demeanor had a disarming affect on me and while i was uncertain as to why the father would have me down i was curious to know the outcome so i him in . thank you he said as he through the door . he let his wander the little apartment i had but still to have a look of approval . i had a couple of bar at my bar counter which i could have towards but instead towards the small table and chair set on my balcony patio . i figured this might be me comfortable for him while still a certain amount of privacy . we went out onto the balcony and he had a seat . he t seem by it . thank you he reiterated . i felt to come over and thank you in person . my daughter the world to me . he took out a very expensive looking phone . i m not too keen on the model . he me of the woman who i had seen a couple of ago but looking more coherent and happy . he me of her high school graduation and of a very looking birthday party . oh wow was my response . she happy in these . as you can imagine i can at times be socially awkward . the man t seem too by it . her name is . i don t think the detective ever her name ? no i never received any other after she was taken to the hospital . which i am grateful that you stayed with her he said with a glance . i have a few if you want to see . without waiting for a response he out some small from his wallet . these were toddler of her in typical princess as a young girl in a dress and one of their i assumed family in the snow . oh you keep quite a few of your family on hand . yes my family the world to me . she s as beautiful as her mother ' t she ? then suddenly the look of joy on his face instantly . i must confess that i haven t been the best of as of lately . some time ago we to drift a part . on various we never saw eye to eye . then sometime after her last college semester when she was supposed to return home . she t i t really know what to say to this so i stayed quiet . the man continued on . i get right to the point . my daughter had fallen on some hard times with the wrong crowd . i had that she herself out and cut herself off entirely from me . had it not been for your police report i don t think i would have been able to track her down . you were looking for her ? how were you able to find her ? you have with the police ? yes in a way . which me to my point . he locked with me and gave me a piercing look that simultaneously had a look of burning passion while also giving me . i am a very influential man . one with a lot of and . i am also forever grateful for what you have done for me he said to me s to draw forth . oh it was nothing sir . i was just . don t be so modest he with that same piercing passion . i was silent . what you did was a rare act of kindness . most people now a days they stay in their little and shut themselves off to the world around them . but you you took some initiative . you grew some . . . . the man took a breath and continued . i want to offer you an award . anything of your choosing . no price is too high and no request is too absurd . whatever your heart . it is yours . oh gee i cautiously . i don t know what to say . there s nothing to say other than what you request . normally this would cost anyone else a very high price . but to show my endless gratitude i offer this to you for nothing in return . there again was a pause as i took this all in . a tone of through my head which i could certainly use help with . a new house maybe ? no too big of a request . a new car ? well i . my grandmother does need no he interrupted . i admire your sense of selflessness but under this circumstance i insist your request be for you and you alone . your grandmother will be fine . oh i see . i stopped and to ponder some more . i can see that you will have some with this he said . i don t expect you to make your decision now but allow me to offer some so you can grasp the full extent of my offer . you are in deep financial debt are you not ? yeah my student were kind of hefty and i have a medical that t be an issue for me . i could make that all go away with no effort . and you re working two part time ? yes . i have that could help you . you would be making much more than you are making now and in an field that use of your degree . speaking of which have you considered your education ? yeah but i don t think at this point even if i had the money that i would have the for i could get you into the best despite your . you could be learning from world class . oh wow i again . yes and none of this even to scrape the barrel of what i could offer . i could offer it all if i so chose and it t hurt me financially a bit . by the way have you anything from your abusive alcoholic step mother ? no i try to not keep contact with . you t have to . it was at this point that my blood to run cold and the of what he was about to suggest . how did you know that my dad is married to an abusive alcoholic ? i did a fair amount of digging on you . i to know how i could help the man who my daughter . i could make sure that your step mother does no further harm to you or your father . she could be removed from the picture entirely . i t dare utter a word at this . while the prospect was a part of me had hoped that he was to mental help . the man continued . same goes with your ex and that friend of your mark . i could do for them what i did for the pinche who tried to harm my daughter . it was at this point that all allusion to what he was to was . there are a few i m sure who have crossed you there were chance and jimmy the who also made some inappropriate towards your ex and also to humiliate you with their insolent misguided . what is it that you could do ? i to ask . though a part of me already knew this answer . whatever you d like . i can make them go away entirely but not without some if you so choose . it s my understanding that one their own business and the other is happily married and is a policeman . their whole can come down on them . there was no amount of digging that could have led this man to know who the last two were . i am not a religious person at all but the thought did cross my mind as to who this man was . as you can see now the man continued . there is nearly no limit to what i am capable of and i can already see that this been quite a bit for you to take in . the man rose to his and i did likewise . he a card from his jacket . it simply had his name and number on it . should you finally decide what it is that i can do for you please do not hesitate to call . thank you i said walking the man to the door . no thank you . have a nice rest of your day . after the man had left i felt a sense of relief as if i could gasp for air again . i was also at a loss as to what i could ask for . the truth is while i could ask for my debt to be a new home away from this small town a good career i must confess that even at the mere mention of some of the people he my blood boiled . my father had been in an abusive relationship with the most heinous person imaginable my ex and former best friend always self righteousness even after what they did and to be quite frank i just hate and . almost a month went by . i was hesitant to call him though i also felt as though i had no other choice . i received another knock at my door sometime after i got off work . this man was a bit of a younger man but with a suit and tie and a black bag . after inquiring about me he himself . hi i m agent do you have a minute to speak ? i right away figured this had something to do with the police report i had made or possibly the father visiting me so i yeah sure and was about to step outside . actually if it s alright with you would you mind if i come in to speak more privately ? sure and then to let the agent in . this time i my bar to sit by the counter . i really should eventually get a better place . the agent place his bag on the counter and out a small binder . don t worry you re not in trouble or anything he said with an awkward smile . oh good i said humorously i figured this might be a little much for a traffic ticket . then back tracked my joke i m . actually i m here because we think you may have come in contact with someone of interest to us . he out a set of and handed them to me . does this person look familiar to you ? the various as if they came from . i t make out the surroundings but they t look local . other were run of the mill and as if they came from newspaper taken from business or family . after a few i that this was the man who had me . the agent must have the slight surprise on my face . do you recognize this man ? have you had any run with him ? oh um . i can t say i have . is this man dangerous or his name is de . he is a former navy seal who we believe train a branch of the a drug cartel before going off and starting his own cartel . yeah i m familiar with them . i read some stuff i to recall from our meeting . i his necklace and this suddenly had the starting realization of what it as it was . yes well i can t give too many in to the case but we do know that he come to this area looking for his daughter . we your police report in to her de . she had ran away from him about a year ago . he then handed me another picture one of the man and the girl who i met that night . i heavily giving the agent the card that the man gave to me but made an effort to try and hide it . i m sorry sir but i can t say i recognize him or know who he is . all i did was make a police report for a girl who like she was in some trouble . but if i do see him or see anything i be sure to let you know . do you have a number i could call . yes he said taking out a card and it to me . if you do know or remember anything don t hesitate to call . i know this must seem and a bit much to take in but it would really help us out a lot ! sure thing . and with that the agent s brief visit came to an end and i saw him out . i sat on my small fold out bed for a minute thinking about everything that had this past month . i was torn . i should call the agent . i should run out the door and confess that had stopped by my small studio apartment . i should tell him that he had me family of him and his daughter and some very unusual but clear . i could make an affidavit of everything that was between us . they could put me into witness perfection if . somehow i t think they could protect me though . how could i face if he ? he would know it was me . after what he told me he would almost certainly get off . he must have known this otherwise why show me the extent of his power ? why put that kind of trust in me ? besides i had my own to resolve and an opportunity like this t always come along often to someone like me . i had a decision to make . it was three o ' clock in the afternoon on a beautiful day and there was a crisp autumn y sort of smell to the air that brought to mind the childlike of diving headfirst into enormous leaf piles or the serene silence of a crackling bonfire and hot coffee under a rhinestone black velvet sky . i luxuriously and stood up in the ever persistent watchful eye over my ' s whereabouts . we live in a fairly secluded place my husband and and i . it ' s nothing but and of way back in the distance . we ' re the last place at the end of our road nobody ever really comes back here except the occasional or maybe the rare quad rider usually this young with coke bottle glasses from up the road . he ' s either looking for a quick route to point b or a broken neck i ' m not sure which . our cabin ' t much to look at it ' s a rough squat little place with only four and no bathroom but it ' s livable and cozy and the love it here . they love their school they love out in the or on the playground we built for them and most importantly we ' re happy here all for a variety of . now my husband he ' s quite the avid and fisherman . he ' s generation marine turned family man and is in the process of trying to teach our ten year old son how to aim his gun so he can hunt like daddy . he ' s the main source of our meat even our nearly two year old daughter can ' t get enough especially since i ' gone and done the smart thing and married a man who can cook albeit a little too well . but more than once he ' s gone out and come back with any number of game to cook up for us . sometimes it ' s or wild sometimes it ' s or and once he told me he almost got a bear although i ' m not so to believe that one . mostly though it ' s deer he back . that afternoon he was out hunting again . the big buck he got last week was getting low and winter ' s icy desolation was coming so he to stock up on enough meat to last us . i ' t mind the had plenty to keep them like the poor little frog they were trying to " share " to death and got to feel like a big man as the meat provider for a while . i stood there listening for a minute . the way our property was set up a single footstep could be from some fair distance away so our big pickup truck could be all the way up by the bend in the road . hearing nothing i then turned my attention to my six year old who was shaking my hand to get my attention . " what ' s up ? " i gazing down into his blue . he ' s such a handsome boy . all my have my bright blue . " when ' s daddy coming back ? " he . " i ' m hungry . " " i know dude " i said . " i ' m hungry too . " i and again then still hearing nothing . " he ' call when he back . go for a walk down by the lake ? kill some time until daddy home ? " ' s lit up and he up and down a huge smile spreading across his face . " ! yes i do i do i do ! " he again then ran off to give the good news to his two and baby sister all of whom came running right over excited to go and see what there was to see . one of my " favorite to do was look for different on our daily and yell them out then try to chase them down to torture them . occasionally i had to remind them that that cute little deer would stomp them into in the ground in no time flat and to keep their distance . the dirt up under our as we on down the road . and my four year old tag in the street around us while stayed by and i . and clapped in her stroller at her " until she shout . " look mommy look at the deer ! what ' s wrong with it mommy ? it ' s bleeding ! " wait what ? i snapped my head around to where was pointing out in the and sure enough i saw the deer . it was moving about twenty out and not even seeming to see us . but it . . . weird . it took me only a second to realize that its were gone . that in itself ' t too weird but then there was also the dark almost black river of blood that had down the deer ' s right front leg and belly from the bullet hole at the base of the neck . that . . . and . . . it was the space of only a single heartbeat that i there was something else really wrong with the deer . the way it was walking . . . it me of those i ' d seen of the and dogs wearing like how they ' re really awkward with their and make big exaggerated leg . this deer was doing the same thing instead of being graceful its were awkward strangely disjointed . . . like it ' t used to the way its worked . it was almost painful to watch the deer struggle so much so i turned away and the further on down the path ever so briefly to be thankful for the mm b i keep strapped to my hip at all times . only a minute later i exclaim " mommy ! here comes da deer ! " even now i still regret turning around because i will never forget the nightmarish sight of the deer ' s up disjointed and frankly bug looking and like they were all broken as it at me paying no mind to the and dust and leaves kicking up in its wake mouth open and an eerie hiss from the dark somehow far too open cavity of its throat . its though . . . its were gone only two huge heavily bleeding . i and instinctively for the strap of my holster pushing the behind me as i raised the b and with shaky . i deeply and the trigger three times ' s warning that the first pull was a long one in my mind . i watched as time to slow way down and the tore through the nightmarish animal in absolutely brilliant rendering one through the stomach one through the heart and the final one cut cleanly through the brain of the deer . it made a sound almost like screaming a sound i ' d never any animal make before and never want to hear again . then it to the ground and slid up resting at my . i back heart pounding . my bless their little hearts had for once decided to stay far away from this particular animal without me to tell them to and were in a tight circle around ' s stroller a few behind me wide . " " said in a soft voice . " what was wrong with that deer ? why did it . . . look like that ? " " i don ' t know " i tucking the b back into its holster . " we can tell daddy about it when he home . maybe he ' s seen this before . " i shot a quick glance behind me to make sure the were still far enough away from the deer . then i knelt down next to its head to examine it and out my phone to take some to show . the deer ' s entire corpse suddenly like a statue formerly limp now pointing straight out . the movement me and i flung myself back and away . then its belly to ripple and move . i on in shock as the movement of whatever was in there right up the deer ' s neck which first expanded breaking as the thing inside its prison well past capacity then tore like wet tissue paper . the already impossibly open jaw even further and simply clean off as something to push its way out of the deer ' s throat landing in the grass with a wet and sickening plop . then the entire corpse violently and melted into a black puddle of rot and decay soaking down into ground until nothing was left of the deer . there in the grass sat a creature i can only describe as a walking oil slick . it had no that i could see and its skin was as black and shiny as piano and with many colors . it had six thick slick smooth each of which was tipped with a single sharp claw . it sat there on the ground not moving and then . the front part of its face split in half sideways and the top half folded back to reveal a circular ring of extremely sharp teeth . it a loud and high twittering reminiscent of the local bird life and as the cried out in fear and behind me i inched my back down to my gun and slid my around the grip . and not a moment too soon because the ugly thing at me that nerve twittering never once stopping . i slung the b up and the trigger once more but i . the bullet off the ground directly in front of the ugly thing and away . the thing stopped and so did the twittering . then it to reconsider its attack because the top half of the face folded back down covering those hideous teeth and it off and away through the . after a long moment it was who finally broke the silence . " mommy ? what was that thing ? " " i don ' t know baby " i said staring off the way the thing had gone . " but i never want to see it again . " oh how i wish i would have known then that my were only just beginning . buying an old house from the mid s money at first but with all of the maintenance it s debatable if starting from scratch is a better option . the old house my wife my year old daughter grace and i live in a lot of character but once again another unexpected problem come up . this time it s the toilet . grant it this can happen in any home older than but it like this is just one of many that to get done . i begrudgingly went to s to buy a toilet that s on the end . if i bought the more expensive one then it would probably last twice as long but i typically go with whatever is the when i buy something . i would have preferred to put this time in the kitchen however plumbing seem to take priority because the leakage can cause major additional damages to the house . i brought the new toilet home and the . i m i can do this by the time home from work and grace home from school . as directed i unscrewed the old toilet then i use an old rag to get rid of the excess water . as i got rid of the water i hear a very faint noise coming from the sewer pipe of the toilet . the sound is saying is there someone there ? i really just want to get this toilet . from past experience nothing ever properly when i do any kind of plumbing in the house . though i m taking off guard by hearing the voice i don t know much about sewer and i don t know if this voice is coming from one of the nearby development or from the sewer itself . i respond who is this ? where are you ? the voice . have they left yet ? i respond who left yet ? the unknown voice said the army ! are they still here ? the voice like an adolescent male maybe about old give or take . my house is in county where the last came from the revolution and the civil war . i respond what army are you talking about ? then he said s army . i m in the well . . told me i had to take his place when he got and i sure rather stay here then march down south and get . two ago i was worried the new toilet t fit where the one was in place and now i have some unknown voice a prank on me . i go along with the ruse and i say tell to go fight his own war and now i have to finish this toilet in . he then sir you don t understand . i m indentured to . for another five for the carpentry apprenticeship . once again i half jokingly respond well this is and . can t force you to join any war only uncle sam can do that which t in nearly . the voice can you please help me get out of this well ? please sir . i respond what well are you talking about ? the voice the one by the side of the house i then jokingly said i m sorry young man there s no well here on this property . we just turn now to get water . the voice said what are you too ? then i said listen my wife and daughter are going to be home in about an hour . i don t have time for . if this toilet t get put in then i m going to need an outhouse . the voice then said i don t know what a toilet is but the outhouse is on the right side of the house . i then said oh yeah and where is the well ? " the voice " sir i into the well on the right side of the house . " i then said young man there s no well or outhouse on this property . i lived in this house for now . the voice then said sir please look in the basement at the support beam closet to the side of the road . i my for . i m now off because the time it will take me to look in the basement for something that t exist is the same amount of time it would take me to finish this toilet . i decide to go into the basement . i know the are original to the house . they are actually crudely cut and not lumber that is at a s or home depot . i through this basement so many times from all the work that i have done and i know there s no anywhere . i put the flashlight on my on and i look at the obvious under belly of the beam and i see nothing then i look at the left side of the beam and i see nothing then i carefully look at the length of the right side of the beam and i say " oh my god " out loud . it was just something that i had never before . the were just so indiscreet that i never would have seen it unless i was looking for it . if have seen into old before and these definitely very old . i only have about a tenth of an acre in the where the house is in between a road and a creek . i decide to get the shovel and take from the right side of my house then i start tearing apart my lawn . i dig and dig and i don t see anything unusual . my daughter grace comes home and me in the . she at the up and dad what the heck are you doing ? is going to kill you . i said i m just looking for something dear . don t mind me . knowing the lack of a toilet issue is going to become a horror story at any moment i start digging like my life on it . as i as close to the road as possible the shovel came across something big and unmovable . as i dug away the outline of this unknown object i that it was a metal plate that someone had put over an old well . i instantaneously felt every emotion that someone could feel all at once . i was just completely . so much so that i forgot about the toilet that to be and everything else . i just stood there with both on the shovel . i thought to myself that this well t been in probably at least . whoever is down there can t be speaking because there s had no air to breathe . the sewer line is right next to the old well but neither of them connect to each other . i go back into the house and say hello . hello . . hello hello are you there ? i say this over and over with no response . my wife comes home and me yelling in the bathroom . why are yelling into the sewer pipe ? who s ? i really need to pee . after of continuously calling out to the mysterious voice i got no response . i finished the new toilet installation and decided to say nothing to my wife or daughter about the voice coming from the toilet . once a day for i would yell into the toilet and i never got any further . one nice spring afternoon my daughter grace me if i to take a walk . i said sure and she took me to this old church in town which was a twenty minute walk . i her why do you want to go to this old church grace ? she said come over here . let me show you something . i her lead and she took me to this old white grave that was about two high and two wide . the inscription on the grave said . . . mortally wounded at . . . . i my head to stop my brain from spinning after seeing the gravestone . i said honey how did you know to come to this church ? she said daddy the toilet told me this morning . not knowing what else to do so i the situation with my wife who at first was skeptical but then i her the in the basement and let grace say what she from the toilet where my wife convinced that we could no longer live in the house . we a few away and i decided to keep the old house in our possession and not sell it . after doing research i discovered was the original owner of the house and land . even with that knowledge i decided to rightfully honor the true patriot so i made a wooden marker and put it on the side of the house which read the house built . into darkness to allow light for so many . " circus . nobody can perfectly define that word . so i guess you could say my son ben was happy when we got the . to what you may ask . happy s show . it make sense in a second . this all about two ago . ben is old and one night i finally found a show that he . happy time . he that show but i just think it s creepy . the show is basically a circus but on . it happy a clown who goes on wacky . when i told him about the to happy s circus show he with delight . we left for the show and he about how excited he was . his little face lit up when he saw the big circus tent . we into the parking lot . it was very crowded so we a bit farther . we to the huge red and white tent . once inside we were by a lady in clown costume . she was wearing a lot of that was perfectly painted . her were painted wrong though . they were painted a dark shade of red that like it was in her face . i found empty and ben was with excitement . after a few a voice came over the loud speaker . attention ! the show is starting ! ben sat down and we watched as happy the clown did a double cart wheel on stage . he juggling and everyone clapping . he took a bow and his squeaky high laugh . welcome everybody ! i hope you enjoy our special show ! for the first act we bring you a special guest ! please put your together for our acrobatic ! stood up on top of a tall tower . the tower was connected to another identical tower by a purple tight rope . stood at the top smiling but something was wrong . her smile was forced and she was crying . happy and told her to go . ben on with awe while i payed close attention to her face . she took a few forward and off balance . ben now dead silent . she took another step and fell off . the crowd as the ground made contact with her head . happy came out laughing telling us how funny that joke was . the show went on and happy chose a young man in the front row . the man had dark brown hair and olive . he nervously down to happy . happy and led him over to a big spinning wheel . happy hope up on the wheel . happy spinning it while giggling . he hopped over to a table with throwing . ben on in confusion . happy threw some and they all miraculously . the last one struck the man in the head . everyone as blood out of his head . happy as he towards the corpse . he the knife out and smeared the red blood all over his face . my memory back to the lady at the booth . her unperfected . i ben s hand and led him to the exit . two huge in our way . no leaving until the magical show is over . one said in a deep voice . i did some quick thinking and told them i to use the bathroom . they and said what bathroom ? i back to our . happy brought out a cannon . he a little girl . the father stood up and at happy . this is madness ! happy and the father and loaded him into the cannon . he lit the fuse and it exploded . the father s body landed with a thump . i the girl had a pained smile on her face . everyone had a smile . it was unnatural . their were twisted up and their unblinking . ben crying and i him and told him it was . that s when all in our up and you sir ! why don t you come and have some fun ! i hand as he led us to the top of the tightrope tower . at the bottom was a giant pit of lava . that t make sense i thought . how ? happy a big knife up to my sons throat . jump and you will learn to be happy ! he said this in a raspy demonic voice . i around for something i could use to save my son . that s when i formed an idea . i stood on the edge looking down . dad no please no ! ben . i down ready to jump before back . i happy over the tower . i ben and him back . happy fell onto the edge of the lava pit . the whole pool tipped over and the tent caught fire . ben and i ran down the and to the front when we a demonic screech . get them now ! everybody staggering towards us with their big . happy stood up on fire . he towards us knife in hand . that s when the tent to collapse . i ben and we ran out to our car . we drove off and i caught a glimpse of a burning happy . he on the ground his laugh through the night . we drove to the police station and told them the whole story . they said there never was a circus show in that area . it s been two and i still have memory s of that night . ben been handling it well . in fact he s been smiling a lot lately . hi there . it s me your friendly neighborhood monster fighter . i been working on a lot of the to me y all are brilliant really . i wish you were here with me i d probably be killing a lot more . never mind scratch that . i t wish this on anybody . anyway i found a voice recorder . i t find any at the i last although that store s a mess so who if i just them in the rubble . that meant my next best option was a store geared towards technology . there s only one best buy in the area and i in through an already broken window to check it out . unfortunately i guess it got hit pretty hard in the initial monster or shortly thereafter because most of the equipment was ruined . were were odds and from various technology were everywhere . and the were worse . trust me it was rough . i at least ten and they were hardly even recognizable as . some to be . a few were the distinctive empty of skin that leave behind . two were the remains of a brent attack . they d been there a while i think based on the horrific smell imagine school lunch that s been left out in the sun for a month i almost about six times but it still had me on edge because any of those could have hung around . luckily . bailey kept watch as i through of broken glass . i was beginning to think there was nothing intact in that murder store but finally after cutting my way more than i i found it a single voice recorder . one of those portable that like of like the love child of a remote and an mp player . victory ! so i did pull another all after that because i sat there and down the button and myself saying blueberry for eighteen . don t recommend it i did not have a fun time . yes i generally need only about twelve but it s getting now . winter will be for longer and it s better to be safe than sorry . half my and suddenly it cut off before dawn would result in a poor unsuspecting me immediately getting . i don t know about you but i m not on board with that . i rule accordingly by the way . rule if you see a figure made of shadow or if it dark unnaturally fast start saying blueberry and don t stop saying it . alternatively if you have a recording of blueberry play that . seriously you can t use the word blueberry too much . next up will be a hardware store as long as i can find one that s not overrun . here s the thing i know a hardware store would be super helpful . all of you only that . but it s kind of a problem because all the nearby are popular monster . i don t know if it s because they re smart enough to know that any surviving could really use a lot of the stuff there or if they just like the high and wide of the warehouse like . it t surprise me if they re doing this on purpose to make our harder and prevent poor like me from getting my on those . they seem pretty smart or at least many of them do . which is unfortunate for me . all this to say that i haven t been to a hardware store in even though i know it could help with a bunch of . because i m and because it like a way to get myself and because i generally get myself stuck in stupid enough already without purposefully walking into that disaster waiting to happen . but your have made me think that maybe it s time to come up with a plan and figure out a way to sneak in . either that or keep further and further from my usual of the city until i find a hardware store that t quite so . i been thinking about it . promise . once i decide on a plan and successfully i hope broken into one of those you be the first to know . assuming i don t die before that . in the i was going to tell you about rule today . first though it to me while writing this that i never really told you much about me i have no idea what any of you imagine when you picture me . you know more about . bailey and even the than you do about me . i that at first but as i interact with you even if it s via the in the world rather than face to face i feel like it d be nice if someone out there knew who i was and could call me by my name . maybe it make me feel less lonely . a guy can hope . so here it is or at least the . we re not to a personal touchy level yet i m not rule or my family for example don t even try . but i m ready to share some general first encounter level stuff . my name is . i graduated high school in and then took a gap year . i was supposed to start college this fall but due to the that is my life and well as a whole it i obviously did not do that . instead i m here in the city i fully intended to get away from and i may well be here for the rest of my life . fantastic . my family was great . i leave it at that for now . just know that they t deserve to die like they did and that i really miss them . i don t really know what else to tell you . my birthday was recently . i turned twenty and it was a super exciting party . by that i mean i sat at home a frozen pie i d found at a supermarket and ate half of it and watched a movie with . b in my lap . the princess bride if you were wondering . inconceivable ! ha great . then i spent the next few in the bathroom periodically throwing up because even though a frozen pie supposedly a shelf life of this one apparently did not . i mean it s been nine but i figured it was close enough that i d still be safe to eat it . i apparently was wrong and boy did i pay the price . but i guess that was a pretty fitting way to kick off my all considered . well that was fun . enough about me . let s move on shall we ? now calling to the rule ! rule don t attract attention . no loud or flashy unless unavoidable . but in case you do attract attention have on hand . see this is good general rule because attention from any monster is dangerous . obviously . however a lot of them t actually drawn to you by or or anything . i think hunt by smell around you d find food and try to trick you that way i m pretty sure mostly wander around after dark in the of crossing with some unlucky soul . and sure if you re near one and make yourself easy to find they target you more easily . but that s not the same as a monster that actively based on sound and sight . if you where i m going with this ! a head bump from . bailey to you . that s right the monster that does hunt like that and it s a brent . well by me anyway . your official source of monster . i them before . they kind of resemble big ugly . by that i mean they re tall covered in dark hair fur ? and have and pointy like a wolf . but they re not quite the same because they also have that are about ten long they re basically and have the tail of a scorpion which yes another good guess the tail s sting is venomous ! in short ugly . i know i describe all the that way but i mean it when it comes to . luckily they re also towards the end of the spectrum . they flock toward loud and no i don t mean something like talking normally or watching this t a quiet place . i mean like driving a truck into the dome or half a store while you fight a . both of which i have done so i speak from experience . they flock towards lots of light too like neon turning on maybe car stuff of that variety . again not normal like small in or laser thank god . it s really only the big stuff that their attention i don t think they re very detail . a teacher wrote that on an assignment about me once you know . and i were forced to do a world history report and presentation together . he got an a but i got a b because my t detail enough . is it my fault that i t care about what the got up to ? spoiler alert they pretty much all got anyway . man . he t deserve that a . that teacher too . ah well they re both dead now . i won t say that s karma but anyway . some good news about is that they re less dangerous now than they were when this all . that s because there s people fighting and trying to survive so there s less noise and less electricity usage . in general if i live my life normally i don t run into too much . that is assuming i book it out of an area after i kill a screaming or break a bunch of stuff in a store . which i always do . well usually . you may remember me saying that my light show had a beautiful effect on but a pack of . that is unfortunately true . but more good news about is that they re also not the monster to kill they can get blown up or burnt to a crisp just like i could . so set them on fire or make some and you re good to go . that is if you see them coming . they re fast and strong and if they sting you with that damn tail it paralyze you . and then you d get the delightful treat of laying there and watching unable to move while it out your and eats them . like hearts and the most . at the beginning of all this i saw a lot of people get torn apart by . i almost by them a few times mostly before i it was the of fighting and murder that drew them . back then i t rush to leave after say killing a and would arrive shortly after . it took me longer than it should have to get it through my thick skull why they always to show up after worth of horrific screeching . thankfully i caught on about how to kill them . i first it when i met a group of people a few after the city fell apart when the . you know every time i say something like that all i can think of is everything when the fire nation . ha ! if only my life was that good a story . it was a group of thirty or so people who had made their home in a library . a nice one with two large arched and the most i ever seen in my life . i ran across one of them while a grocery store and she took me back to meet the rest . i had a really pleasant night at first actually . they were friendly . most t know each other and had lost their or immediately like i had . it was comforting to talk to people who d gone through basically the same thing even if they were all drinking pretty heavily and getting more and more wasted . i would have a drink trust me but i haven t this long by my guard down . even then getting drunk in a world where i was surrounded by deadly just waiting for a slip up like a stupid idea . after a few they getting up and from the throwing them to the center of the floor in a large pile a few of them drunkenly singing sea as they did . i to the girl next to me in confusion . what the hell are they doing ? we re a party tonight she said excitedly . everyone s ! what do you mean everyone ? i said cautiously unease growing . something about her and the way she d said that had me very concerned . . bailey who had been curled up unbothered on my lap was wide awake now his were pricking into my leg and he was growling softly as he watched the book mound grow taller . she threw her up in the air laughing . i mean everyone ! the the all of them ! she my arm and me in close . her were bright too bright . sickeningly so . you don t really want to live like this and eventually die a terrible death when you least expect it . t you rather choose your time to die with by your side ? t you rather leave this hell now and ascend with us ? her voice was fast but filled with wonder and i with horror that she truly what she was saying . i also what i d been brought back to this was a suicide party . they d been drinking for their last night and they were about to intentionally get themselves . i my arm away and stood up my blood cold . no offense but you re insane i said . all of you are insane ! you can give up if you want but i m sure as hell not dying tonight . she at me . too late she said and before i could do anything else fire exploded beside me . i to the side as closer and shielded my from the shower of sparks looking over i saw that the large book pile had been set aflame and a massive bonfire of now up to the ceiling . it was enormous and it was clearly visible through the . as if that t enough they all to join and the song from sea to a unified deeply chilling rendition of hallelujah . the girl for my hand but simply when i the circle without me . this was easily the most terrifying thing i d since what to my family and that was saying something . stop ! stop ! you re crazy ! i . they me . . bailey anxiously and i he was right they were a lost cause . if i t leave now i d be brent food just like them . so i ran for the door but it was already too late . are fast after all . the large exploded as four burst through them . i behind a column to stay out of sight and within was a massacre . blood squelching interrupted the song as were out . to the floor as they were or . i to look away but i t . and i m glad i t because then i saw something that saved my life one of the apparently the one tried to leap over the bonfire to attack another person but it t jump high enough . it right through the and to howl in pain as they burned it i in fascination as it landed on the other side fire its body and until it fell to the ground a burnt ashen husk . that s the first time i had seen a brent die and now i knew what they were vulnerable to . the exit was blocked anyway i t leave . which meant my best option was to use the fire against them . so that s what i did . i took off my jacket wrapped my hand in it and then for the fire . miraculously i made it there and i wasted no time flaming and them like at the . not to brag but i m not a bad shot . i made contact with the two near me pretty quick and i guess their fur is flammable because the fire spread easily . thank god because otherwise they would have come after me sooner . as it was i had time to keep moving dancing around the edge of the fire and to pelt them with burning . it took a few for each of them to truly go up in but eventually they too a lovely column of fire howling as they . yes it did smell kind of like but in a gross way like if the meat was spoiled . that left one brent who unfortunately had just finished his meal of human and was looking my direction . my hand was burning even through my jacket and i t sure how many more i could grab before i seriously injured myself . but the brent had stood up and was heading this way growling its fixed on me . before i could touch another book the fire exploded outward i guess maybe they d gasoline on a few of the . i don t know . i went flying and landed on more and broken glass near the window . my and landed heavily on glass and i could feel the blood dripping immediately . but overall i was . the brent had been closer to the side of the bonfire that had i d most of the impact . as i sat up my body sore from the landing i knew i d be aching for days i was praying that the explosion had it . even from my spot on the floor i could tell it had . in addition to the human remains spread everywhere there were of what can only be as hairy meat near where the brent had been . a scorpion tail lay not far away . i breathed a sigh of relief and out of there . for a moment i t see . bailey and panicked thinking he might have but i d taken no more than a few before he up around my and happily following me over the wet bloody floor and out into the night . i taught myself how to make after that so that i have an easy way to attack from a distance if i accidentally attract . i had a bunch of when i tried that light show because i knew it d probably draw a crowd . and it did and rule saved me from a deadly encounter with the . that experience in the library still me if you were wondering . their horrible group suicide and their determination to take me with them . rule against and my as a whole help me survive . but what do you do when the are the danger ? when might be the death of you even in a world where there are literal ? there s no that can prepare for that and maybe that s the most terrifying part of of chester abstract ' s disappearing crying family black return to chester are the of sam . they will be posted in chronological order though they can for the most part be read in any . for your benefit i am only posting the where we unusual phenomena . for every noteworthy one there were many more . as the are a haphazard combination of and personal memory i am going to write them out in a more narrative format to make them easier to digest . however these are not all the in them are completely factual to the best of my knowledge . of some have been to protect you from yourself . sammy would have me to share these and so i do . in loving memory of . you will never be forgotten . a rumor from a truck driver in a bar . that s what we were going on . we had originally been headed to an old abandoned asylum from the forties when we had stopped for the night and decided to go grab a few at a local dive off the highway . and now we had our and were headed to a small town population sixteen deep in the heart of cattle country in the central valley of . if ever i proof that we just sort of where the wind took us . . . well this was it . it had been an interesting story though and his friend from had it when we for what that s worth . we were like a miniature army now up i in my jeep and our newly acquired van . we had the whole squad jake and his new and of course sam and i . and a of new equipment and . see there had apparently been a reward put forward by several of the of the who had gone missing as a result of that lunatic we had and barely outside of . sam and i had both agreed to turn them down but two of them . as horrific as the whole thing had been i was glad to have bring them some peace and closure . the cash t hurt either . they had given us nearly thirty grand collectively . and hence the new van and gear . and the . no way was i ever anyone go around unarmed again . i m no gun nut but it had become obvious to everyone that the we were entertaining ourselves with was a dangerous business . we had other new too like two long range and a satellite connection for when we went to remote . spring was coming on and being on the road again after our long hiatus was exhilarating . most of our last few had been local in south and we had essentially picked the asylum at random to visit . but as these so often go we just our . as soon as the lanky driver had told us about the plastic man in we knew we had to check it out . we were off the highway by the time the sun setting and made our way through the winding dirt of the central valley the golden nearly glowing in the orange light . i swear i nearly hit some sort of animal at one point though i t see what . this place was pretty remote . the small bridge which crossed the san was hard to spot in the dark and i nearly it but a quick stop and reverse and we were in the tiny community . a little dude ranch run by a generational family . the whole town of nothing but that family and their staff . just sixteen people a handful of and a few . it had a bit of a resort feel to it though they had clearly put some work into it . was there to greet us presumably seen our text saying we were close . it was off season apparently but he d been happy to rent us three in his small lodge . hey there just take the right ahead and park wherever you please . i his and soon we were starting to unload . he quickly caught up with us . he was generously helpful offering to carry some of our stuff for us . we t unload it all just what we for the night and then he us in finding our quarters . they were quaint but nice . me and sam s had an odd old tool theme with a lot of the furniture and being made from antiquated turn of the century hardware . it had been a long drive and we quickly and out . the next morning we all in the cabin which as the town s bar and restaurant . nobody else was around except the few permanent due to the time of year but a couple of the regular staff were kind enough to cook us up some breakfast . we ended up chatting with them a bit as we all ate together . so said you are here about the mannequin ? jake t help himself . actually s friend said you all had the best beef in the country we re here for the . i can recall the knowing snicker on s face as the were spoken . yeah it s not bad . not the best time of year but we do tonight if you want . he quickly drove the ship back on course though . seriously though s daughter is losing her mind . it up outside her window almost every night . i seen it too . creepy as hell . you don t mind if i record this do you ? was pretty diligent about these days . he had left audio rolling on the table this whole time but he had been advised by my s to always get permission on tape if we to be able to use this material later . you re good . went on . not a lot of out here as i m sure you . sometimes you can see it out in the countryside . just standing in the middle of a field somewhere . t matter if it s day or night it always to be somewhere . but it only comes into town at night . and barb had apparently decided to join us they burst in through the door breaking the curious mood which had over their little establishment as the young bartending cattle wrangler us with his version of the same story we had more or less from the trucker . soon they were both their own to the mix . it was almost a bit overwhelming it was clear they were all eager to talk about this . especially . is going to college next year and i have to say it can t happen fast enough . i could tell she was lying though . not about her leaving but about being happy for it . it really been the worst for her . apparently this been happening since she was like five or six . to extrapolate on what his wife had said . we t believe her for the time but it only gotten worse . we all seen it now . sam had some of her own . can you describe in detail what you have seen yourself ? like with your own ? sometimes i see it in the old abandoned house across from my trailer . s addition was unexpected i could tell had been just about to speak . but he let his cattle hand continue . just standing in the window of the decrepit place looking into mine . i pretty much keep the down because of it i don t need some plastic man watching me while i sleep . the day pleasantly from there . it was warm and lovely in the golden state and we were given a full tour of the town along with plenty of to go with it . the great oak tree in the middle of the small community must have been of old . it was massive and stood in stark contrast to the vast empty and which surrounded it . a relic from a bygone era . we decided to picnic in private for lunch so we could discuss our and potential of action . everyone we had to that the mannequin was real to have seen it themselves . . . so if it was really so promiscuous we ought to be able to happen upon it as well . that was the idea at least . we agreed on two initial . the old rotting house across from s trailer and the window of s bedroom . it took some convincing to get to agree to the latter but to have us there . it was obvious she had been by this whole ordeal for some time . the look on her face when she found out we were investigating convinced me of it s veracity more than anything we had been told so far . she was clearly . and she our help . once everything was set up we took them up on those . free range beef . the trucker t been lying . i got one with and it might have been the best i d ever had . gave us her own as we all sat about in the old lodge . i always keep my locked and shut but sometimes i can just feel him there . when my curiosity the best of me i occasionally steal a peek . he s not always watching but every now and then he be standing there looking in . i still don t know why you don t just move to the bedroom upstairs . in . dad ! it s been my room my whole life ! i m not moving . her father though . well it t make me comfortable my daughter subjected to such bizarre . this had clearly been a long running debate between the two . when exactly did this all start happening ? jake to keep the conversation from into a family squabble . gosh . had to think for a moment . maybe ? like just yesterday . what about the mannequin itself ? do you have any idea where it came from ? yes it was in the old house . not sure why it was there but it had always just been a dusty old relic before it . she . before it moving around . we finished eating and retired to our for the night . there was a nice common lounge between the in the lodge and we all hung out there for a while drinking and chatting about random . sam and i retired early for some alone time and morning came as fast as ever . that rooster . it t shut up . what time is it even ? apparently still asleep sam just in response . i into my clothes and out into the lounge forgetting or not about a shower . was already up around with one of the . he gave me a devious glance when he saw me bumble into the room and with the press of a button the large and expensive contraption off the floor and in the middle of the space . dude not inside you re break it . i was still the crust from my . it s fine the thing like a dragonfly . it can just sit here check it out . it was pretty impressive i remember thinking . just suspended in barely moving an inch . technology is a crazy thing . i m take it out and survey the town . about time we the cherry . . it fun though so i him after shamefully stealing a morning shot of the leftover scotch . we spent the better part of an hour flying the two around together . the high definition on the were quite impressive . but what was even cooler and what we had a small fortune for was the fact that they were stereoscopic . our let us see what they saw as though we were right there depth perception and all . flying around the town like or of the sky . i think i found my new hobby . said it but i could tell you in that moment i to be doing this a lot as well . it was truly a blast . sam and jake were up when we got back inside . instead of with they had apparently gone and fetched the video and were already them . i m not sure how i t spot them from the air i must have been pretty distracted weaving around the and . look who s come back down to earth . it was a jab but what they were looking at was pretty unearthly as well . and i watched the screen of the . there it was standing at the window inside the old house staring out at s trailer . we could only see it from behind since the camera was positioned inside the house . how did it get there ? is it still there now ? i had so many . one second . around with some and soon we had it on the lodge s big screen . sam rewound to the point where the thing up . it was strange . whenever it it to become blurry . undefined almost immaterial . and when it stopped moving it snapped back into a solid form . eventually it left sometime before daylight . have you all checked the other camera yet ? they had there was no sign of it outside of s window . and i at each other knowingly . drone time . we were figure out where the hell this thing had off to . a number of the were out and about now and our little search operation had apparently become more interesting to most of them than whatever work they were probably supposed to be doing . even and found us after seeing the in flight about . we had been going at it for roughly twenty but t spotted it anywhere yet . everyone took turns at the helm . we were doing it as much for fun as practicality but i was we d locate the old creepy plastic artifact . they had said it was always somewhere after all . or at least had . i t have been but it was actually who ended up finding it . he had after all seen it around more than anyone . so he at least . so presumably he knew its . it was up in one of the just across the pasture hidden among some small and . he . yeah it to around up in the during the day . i spotted it up there watching us sometimes during . he a moment . can this thing record ? . yeah here i hit the button for you it ' s hard to find with the headset on if you don t already know where it is . later we were video . had it streaming to his phone by some miracle i had no idea how to do that so i just over his shoulder . the thing t moving at all it was just like someone had it and left it there . i recall watching intently waiting or for some kind of movement or reaction to the drone hovering around it . so i was pretty when i suddenly the buzz racing toward me . the other drone right into my head . it t really hurt but it sure the hell out of me . sam ! what the actual ? she quickly landed it and took off the headset . i m sorry ! i was just trying to buzz you i swear ! her sheepish look was obvious . i t mean to hit you . i had been pretty clear about not trying or until we were better at flying them given their price tag . at least it t look like she had anything though . i t notice her make her escape as i it . in typical sam fashion she had immediately to set off in the direction of the mannequin . probably as much to avoid my wrath as any other reason . sam where are you going ? but apparently i was as without spoken almost everyone following her into the field and toward the hill . i picked up the drone and headset and the pack . when we got there the drone had been flying was still hovering in place . he d it there while we made the quick walk . the plastic mannequin was still there as well . it like one you might see in a clothing store . a bit old but completely normal . a sort of low fidelity representation of the male form . i should have done this ago . it and the object of our attention . no . it took me a second to realize it was speaking . leave it be . and why the hell should i do that barb ? i been chasing this god damned thing around for . and i get my on it you somehow convince me to just put it back in that rot of a house . some of the other staff included a bit uncomfortable . a few of them headed back toward town while the rest of us . had the thing by its waist and heading back as well dragging it as he went . ! i swear to god i will tear you a new one tonight . she oddly livid . soon we were all trickling back into . t waste any time throwing the thing into the large which as the town s only way of getting garbage out . the thing had a lock on it and he made sure to lock it again as soon as the plastic object was stuffed inside . we did the obvious thing . camera right in front of the . we t come all this way for nothing . t seem to mind in fact he glad we were keeping an eye on it . nothing of note for the rest of the day and soon enough we were all passing out yet again . we d check the in the morning and see if anything had . trash pickup t for so the thing would be trapped in there for a while . sam woke me . it s in the window . what ? i was still from a dream . what ? the mannequin . it s watching us . i found it eventually through blurred vision and to get my glasses on . it was actually pretty disturbing once i could see it . just standing right outside the window looking right at us . as if such a thing could even look at anything . how the hell did it get out of the ? i rhetorically . i knew sam t know any more than i did . i t like the eerie moonlight being the only source of light so i went and hit the switch radiant clarity to the room . but when i back at the window it was gone . sam had been watching it though . just like in the video it turned into a blur and away as soon as you went for the . drone time again . we both went outside and sam and i both took control trying to see if we could catch up with the thing . our pursuit was fruitless at first as we had no idea where to even start looking . i decided to fly over to the . it was open but the camera unperturbed . i m going to go fetch the camera i be right back . i landed the drone and went to go get the footage . when i returned sam was still piloting . it was sort of funny to watch she would actually lean and move around as she flew as if it had some kind of effect on the control of the thing which of course it did not . i m trying to get to another window . is in there . in where ? i in response . the old house i was watching through a window but it t a good angle . trying to find another . in the house ? i recall thinking maybe we t be on our . maybe she went in there to get some privacy from her family . sam went on though . she s talking to the mannequin . i can t hear anything through this but she was definitely talking to it . unable to get a better perspective on it though she gave up and brought the drone back . instead we snuck over to watch the house with our own from a distance . i could see the thing standing in the window looking out at s trailer so we t get closer . we there for nearly an hour . you sure she s in there ? i was starting to become skeptical . but a few later she in the empty door frame slinking off back toward the house the family home . the mannequin in the window . we went back inside and took a look at the video from the camera we had put facing the trash . it was clear though that before anything useful could be seen someone had powered it off . i t even thought about the fact that it was not running when i picked it up but it made sense now . it must have been barb right ? sam . she turned it off and unlocked the . perhaps ? i t know at the time . it was an idea she was clearly up to something . i m going to go get the tape from inside the house . sam decisive . it was still there in the window you sure that s a good idea ? she t give two whether it was a good idea or not though and was already out the door . i tried to keep up after my gun . perhaps it was unnecessary though as the thing was gone when we . i remember feeling a bit uneasy as i where it might be . the camera and it s tripod were quickly and it was no big reveal at all when we discovered it had also been turned off at the crucial moment . we were being . what the hell was trying to hide from us i ? when the morning came we and the video from the camera outside s window as well with the rest of the team . this one had not been shut off and revealed the plastic man standing outside her window for several but no sign of barb . it oblivious to the presence of the recording device . was starting to become pretty by everything she was seeing . i had it in her the other day the first time we had caught some video but this just to seal it . i want to go home . she was pretty much tugging at as she said it . this is me . was pretty displeased himself to hear her starting to chicken out on him . there s only the two we stay babe . sam was on the case though taking to her side and somehow to reassure her in than i d have spent how to boil potatoes . pretty soon her to be settling again . i will be honest though when that thing was watching us through the window i was pretty unsettled as well . it is hard to think of anything worse than someone watching you through a pane of glass while you sleep . poor . those on her window must have been her lifeline for . a sudden knock on the lodge door me to jump but sammy had it before i even thought to get up . it was and he was in to join the crew . he had apparently seen us sneaking around his trailer last night . yeah i t to mention it around the but i definitely seen barb go into that house at night many times . what do you think she s doing ? jake in return . no idea really . never had the nerve to check it out she my after all . well her and . he had to know something though surely ? he t need to be though he had clearly come to spill his . to be honest i don t think . but she s somehow connected to all this . i m certain of it . he at us with a face which his uncertainty about whether to proceed or keep his trap shut . he . was really mad when she found out you all were coming . she t want you all here poking around . spoke . surely like this is bad for business right ? i mean what do your think about all of this stuff happening ? well usually it t much of an issue . we had a few people notice it but it rarely with the . it was watching us through our window last night . sam decided to enter the fray . a bit . really ? never of it doing that for anyone except . we went on for a while but had to attend to and had to break away . the hunt for the plastic man for most of the remainder of the day . to no success he was nowhere to be found . i could tell that sam had something on her mind as we thoroughly the old house together that afternoon . we t found anything of interest and the place t that big so i t really expect anything to be discovered . her mind was in a different place . i want to go talk to barb she s the only one here who might know what is going on . sam t wrong but i t help but think that the woman might not be too eager to talk about it . given the sneaking about at night and all . i spoke my . true but we won t know until we try . we won t ever know if she us to kindly right off out of town . i . sam had another idea though as usual . she was talking to it i know she was . so we need to hide a camera this time so she t know she s being watched . it was a good plan and luckily we had a handful of which we could use in conjunction with an audio recorder to accomplish exactly that . stealthily set it all up and then i went in to check it out . sure enough you d never know they were there if you t know where to look . we left the main camera in place for effect but i fully it would wind up being shut off if did show up that evening . no sleep was to be had we all stayed up and eagerly to see what might transpire . had agreed to help us keeping an eye on the house across from his mobile home . his text message eventually came that she had been spotted entering the building . once more the came out . they were surprisingly quiet for their size and if you turned the off they were able to move about without too much attention . we went for the window of the old dilapidated residence which barb had into . they were both there . the plastic man stood motionless at the other window while to be talking at it . of course we had no audio but it to go on for quite a while . what the hell was she doing ? sam . i tried to wrestle her gently from her trance . i had spotted something . is heading to the house . i think he s going in to confront her . i flew around and him as he crossed the small dirt road . he right into my camera and gave me the middle finger clearly for me to off . i his and flew back a distance . sam at the window we both and watched as he the main room and shouting something at barb who yelling back . i t hear a word but jake had apparently snuck a bit closer to try and listen in . he out a few later though clearly furious about something . this was apparently the final straw for sam and she landed her drone took off her headset and right into the house like it was no big deal . i tried to do the same thing i t want her going in there all by herself . before i even got through the door though i the yelling . why don t you just leave us the alone ? like she was crying as she said it . we don t want you here ! finally able to see what was happening sam was clearly trying to decide whether to approach the sobbing woman or just back off . the mannequin was standing at the window unmoving . sam go . i her by the wrist a bit more forcefully than i intended and pretty much dragged her back to the lodge . i could still hear barb s as we made our way across the road . was waiting for us . come inside . it was more a demand than a request and we stepped up into his trailer . it was small but comfortable enough a little kitchenette and some . the bigger than the bed . beer ? he . we both accepted . once settled in he got right to it . i think you all need to leave tomorrow . he a moment before . as much as i d like you all to stay and get to the bottom of this i believe it is more trouble than it is worth . sam t so easily convinced though . we literally got video of a self mannequin . your boss s wife to it at night . we can t just leave ! yeah that s just the thing though . i only just it tonight but i know who she is talking to . the look he wore was uncertain maybe even regretful . we can give you some space and catch up about this tomorrow if you still want to . once more i tried to be the voice of reason and compromise . he t us in for nothing though and apparently had more to say . grant . he s the mannequin . i him speak for just a moment before i went in . unmistakable he was one of my best . i d never mistake the sound of his voice . he was quiet for a moment . i just don t understand why he t talk with me . we d been like up until the accident . no wonder had been so angry looking when he had out of the place . there was still so much to unravel here . so are you saying some old friend of yours possessed that doll ? if i t seen the i had seen it would have like an improbable question to me but as far as i knew anything was possible . i don t know . he . i just know it like him . i could tell he was starting to get emotional so i to leave once more . this time he accepted the offer and we made our way back to the . a brief discourse as we told the rest of the team what had and tried to decide on our next . were taken with some of us sleeping while the kept a close eye on the window framing the plastic conundrum . by the time i woke up it had been long gone . slipped off in the night while and sam had been watching apparently . up into the . with the dawn came the retrieval of the hidden video and audio in the house . this was the long moment . we d finally get to hear what had been said . i will admit that i kind of felt bad . i t get her out of my head . why don t you just leave us the alone ? we were intruding on something deeply private . i knew it before we even watching the video . it took some time to get everything but the footage and audio confirmed it . the conversation was terse and erratic . it t as much a back and forth exchange as it was just nearly pleading with the mannequin to say something to her . sometimes it did though it t obvious where the voice was coming from exactly . but it only spoke in short and broken of . barb to be trying to tell it that it was in danger . she told it to go hide for a while . it t clear whether it understood or was really even listening to her . it t long after that when busted into the scene . their exchange was short as well but he was yelling about and how he was sure he had him . this time it was who was unwilling to speak and she mostly just took his frantic in silence . he left shortly after in frustration . after that came sam . and then myself . these final had apparently been too much and the moment i had dragged sam away barb had made her own retreat leaving the mannequin alone at the window . it there for before eventually slipping away just as sam and had . nobody was really sure what to make of it all . there s only one person who . i knew exactly what sam was about to say . we have to talk with . she t want to talk to us sam she made that quite clear . i knew she t like being told off when curiosity was getting the better of her but it was clear she knew i was right . i t sure that would stop her though . then ? she threw out the idea just before spoke up . maybe we should just leave them in peace . this t even scary it just me feel sad . like we re someone s privacy . i t deny it . i had been thinking the same thing ever since i had yelling at sam in the old house . we t welcome . we were a nuisance . but still i remember how happy had when we up and she discovered why we had come . and eager to get to the bottom of this whole thing as well . everything was so . it was at that moment that the man himself busted through the door practically panting . sorry to come in without knocking but have you all seen or barb today ? shot back and forth and was in . apparently both of them had been gone without any note or word when he woke up and he was an early riser . he t thought much of it at first until he one of the trucks was gone . his had not been or returned . he had come to us as soon as he had something was wrong . so of course we him the . all of them . i can only imagine what he must have been feeling as he watched the discourse between his wife and the strange plastic man . i miss you . quiet for some time and then i miss . some unusual . . . . too . it was the voice of some guy but like it was coming out of a drain pipe or something . presumably s voice . where did you all get this ? . i t quite read him as he spoke but he was sure as hell on that video . is there more ? the only left though were when sam and i had on their midnight dialogue . tried dialing barb again but got no reply . he tried next and much to his relief she picked up . he left the lodge to talk alone outside and we gave him some privacy . nobody was really certain what was happening exactly . about half an hour later he came back in . he like he had been crying . i have to go i don t know when i be back . but and the can take care of you all . he was trying to look composed and hide his but they were plain . i be back as soon as i can . and then he left without any further explanation . perplexed and left without any real we all just settled into the of the cabin and went about some of the wine we d brought . glasses were and we to both about what all that had been as well as what we should do next . a few . i tried to call at one point but t get an answer . everything was eerily quiet . until the police . several squad into town we t even notice until we the commotion outside . when we the lodge we found and several engaged in some discussion . as soon as we two of the us and immediately a string of . hold up what s going on ? i was feeling a bit bewildered . it took a while but we were slowly brought up to speed on what had . apparently and were both dead . had and they had found her at the scene by the side of the rural road . the two had bullet wounds to the head . they suspected a homicide by a suicide . was the only living witness apparently . i t know what to say . i remember feeling so bad for her . were we the cause somehow ? there were obviously long and deep in all this but were we the who the boat so much it finally sank ? besides what was this all about ? we ended up telling the as much as we knew . we even them the stuff about the mannequin but they pretty dismissive . not really surprising i t have it either . the general assumption in the end to be that the woman had lost her mind and tried to kill herself and her daughter . and that had come and put her down killing himself afterward . at least that was what the local news . case closed i guess ? a few later though i got a call from a number i t recognize . dan speaking ? there was silence on the line for a while but i could hear the breathing on the other end . finally came . hi . it s . she again . from the ranch . i t need her to explain who she was the moment i had the name and her voice it was obvious . she hesitant to speak . i don t know whether to thank you or hate you . i t know whether to respond . i just i just to tell you though . if it t been for you i guess i d be dead . i t stay quiet any longer . what exactly ? i as soon as i spoke it that i was being a bit too forward . i m sorry you don t have to talk about it if you don t want to . no it s . i guess that is why i . i need to get it off my chest . she went on . tried to kill me . she was going to she had a gun . she said we were going to be with dad forever . i could hear that she was weeping on the other end as she spoke even though she was clearly trying to hide it . dad saved me . he stood in the way and took the bullet that was meant for me . now she t even trying to hide her crying . must have been a brave man to take a bullet for his daughter . i felt respect for him i m not sure i d have had the courage . but he t stop her . when up he her right before she was about to shoot me . i was confused . she was crying hard and i felt bad intruding . i thought you said your dad was shot ? i t know . she . i swear i t know . the realization struck me like lightning . we spent several through all the material we d collected but had made it quite clear at the end of our call that she to keep this whole thing private . even sam that and as such all the and in this entry have been for her sake . none of it went on to and beyond this account none will ever see the light of day . but i always remember the girl . she lost her whole family that day . i still can t help but feel somewhat responsible . maybe if we t been there t have been driven to her desperate act . maybe would have worked out . regardless now knew the truth . had never been her real father . these are to sammy . i miss you so much . story violent and mildly abusive . if you are uncomfortable with reading these then i heavily digress you reading have been . the author . am it was a beautiful morning in north . a good outside and not a cloud in sight . i had nothing today . this was normal i t a very productive person . nevertheless i still to maintain my job and apartment . so there i was laying around on my day off when all of a sudden my phone to ring . i picked up the call because i had only three phone saved as and the only one who me rather consistently was my best friend . hey i said groggily for i was still tired . ! i just found something for us to do today ! he said like it t nine a . m on a . hit me i . so i just found a report from just recently saying that two people went missing in this place the gnarled forest and i want to check it out ! he said rather enthusiastically . i sat up quickly . we t certified for this kind of stuff . you of all people should know this . plus i t know you were the dangerous type . i said with a grain of salt . oh yeah then what am i ? he with humor in his voice . clumsy i . whatever . anyway you in ? . i agreed because he knew if was going anywhere he was going to drag me with him by the collar of his shirt . i near the that i and always got coffee at and i had been waiting there for about thirty . that s when he was late . i decided to call but right as i was about to hit dial i my name . i up and i was met with towards me a stack of presumably missing . sorry i m late traffic was horrible said between as if he had just run a marathon and he like he could run another three . he handed me the and i skimmed through them . so you ready to head out ? it s about a thirty minute road trip . . yeah i guess . so what s this place again ? i . the gnarled forest . people say whoever the forest never see the sunrise again . said with a bit too much enthusiasm . ominous i said through the and i was right they were missing . so if i got this straight we re head out there and figure out why people are disappearing out there right ? i . that s right ! . dude are you sure about this ? i . it be fine ! like there t anything that could kill him . let s just get this over with . i . i got in my dodge charger and inserted then turned the and the engine to life . i put the name of the forest in and headed out . i at the forest an additional and immediately a major detail the forest had not been disturbed by civilization like i was used to . no no parking lots not even a trail . i as he had not shown up . hello ? the phone after three . yo . where are you ? i . behind you . a voice behind me said . i and turned around but there was nothing behind me but the voice exactly like . mike ? ? i calling from my phone . yeah ? i after a moment of hesitation . did you hear me ? . . . . no . were you just behind me ? i . what no . i just at a dirt path . is that where you are ? he not really reassuring me . yeah yeah that s it . you won t want to drive down here . path s too narrow and it s a bit gravely . i said still a bit and a bit but it or t seem to notice it . still what i was disturbing but he it up to just my imagination trying to keep me alert . not even a moment later i gravel crunching behind me . i whipped around only to find walking up . he stopped and put his in the air . don t shoot me officer ! i m innocent ! he said the sarcasm heavy in his voice . ha ha very funny i said unamused . what ? you to like it . trying to hold back his laughter . anyway you ready to head in ? i . let s do it ! tune in on channel nine on your talkie . said enthusiastically . and with that we off into the . come in over . i my radio crackle to life and i knew was just in on me . i read you over i you find anything over ? . no he stopped himself . he had found something gruesome . actually yeah i found a skeleton . i found a human skeleton . i said . ahead of me a human skeleton the flesh torn from its body . whatever had done this was either hungry or hunting for sport . you re t you ? . would i about something like this ? ! i into the . . . . you re right . i m sorry man . where are you ? i around at my surroundings and saw nothing remarkable . then i it . the screech . oh god the screech . it like a human scream but it was high and feral . it distant but i had never anything like it . did you hear that ? i said into the . silence . talk to me man i said frantically . again silence . suddenly a scream from somewhere far away and i knew . i running . i ran as fast as i could and i could hear something running behind me but i t dare look back . i it again . i that god forbidden screech again but this time it was right behind me . stop running away ! a voice that like s behind me but i t dare stop because i knew that t . i knew it was whatever in these . i knew it was the cause of the . i . that thing me for until i found a cabin and now it s circling said cabin . i found a closet to hide in . i also found a bear trap and some heavy duty rope so i know what i can do with that . i set up the bear trap in front of the front door coiled the rope and . hey faker ! why don t you come in here and finish me off already ? ! the rounded from the backside of the cabin to the front in a matter of a second . it stood at the door just waiting to see if i would do anything . it for about five before it . it t even open the door just through it . it was tall about nine in height and it absorbed light around it . it wore the skull of an unknown cervid with glowing white the size of its . it stepped forwards and a snap . ! the thing in agony as it s shin snapped in the bear trap . it knelt down to try to free itself . perfect . i forward wrapping the rope around the thing s neck and trying to strangle it . it but i kept the rope wrapped around its neck . i that thing for over five before it stopped moving but i knew it was just being smart . extremely smart . i the rope and it whipped around me by my neck and me into the ground . i knew this feeling all too well as my father had done it before . it was trying to asphyxiate me . suddenly with a strength i could never muster again i swung my fist into the side of that face and the sound of the skull it wore cracking and shattering it back its face and with the same force i picked up a broken and it into the heart of that thing . it down at me and i saw it smile . . you re the only person who could best me . you need not know who or what i am . you can probably assume by what s been going on here . good luck out there and i see you in hell it said before to the floor lifeless . i then out . so here i am writing this in the hospital . nobody here me but i hope you do my dear reader . have a nice day and remember . he can harm you no longer . don t venture into unknown territory . f o r y o u n e v e r k n o w i f y o u m a k t o u t a l i v e who if this information might save your life someday . beware the you hear at night for you don t know if there are more of them . growing up in a small isolated village in south we were never short on spooky tales . as me and my were always each other with these tales . some we made up on the spot but some our grandmother told us under candle light . one was the story of a monkey . had two and come out during the night to pry on people too stupid to be indoors after dark . the monkey was to have to a shaman that had been dark magic . the monkey ' s purpose had been to attack the village folk and kill them taking nothing but their hearts for the shaman to use for god what . the monkey ripping people with its razer sharp . the people got tired of the when the witch doctor was finally he was burnt . but the monkey was never found and no one was brave enough to go looking for it after dark . people still that even through the witch doctor was dead still in the darkness . waiting for his next victim as his master never relieved him out of his duty . when granny told us this story we got half to death but we never truly . she had told us of these and non of them had been true . so why would this one be any different ? when my cousin found herself a from a near by village the story of the two tailed monkey was a distant memory . due to this she was able to convince me to accompany her to see him one night . i up to her and it was really hard for me to say no as i was kind of a push over and she always got what she . she also me that she ' d get me a . got the best of me . we snuck out the night grandmother was not home . the meeting place was only a ten minute walk so we ' t going to get caught as our other could sleep through a thunder storm and granny ' t be back until the next day . the night was pitch black the moon hardly giving us light . i was carrying our only light source a gas lamp . i every time i movement among the and my cousin would get mad at me . she ' t seem and was only keen on seeing this boy . i myself with the knowledge that this was his younger brother maybe i had a chance with him . when we got to the edge of the we saw no sign of anyone . " he said he ' d be by that rock . " my cousin said pointing to a hardly visible rock across the stream . she his name no one . ' maybe he is late . " i said . ' no . he he ' d be on time . " she . ' well its really dark . maybe he can ' t see us . " i suddenly felt a cold chill go down my spine . i my scarf around my body . she my arm " let ' s cross then . " she at me . ' but . . . . '' we are almost there . you want to meet his brother right ? " she gave me a look . i shone the light in front of my as i stepped in the water after her . it was only like a couple of high but my boots were soaking in the water but before i got the chance to complain my cousin on something and fell on her face . she cried out and cursed as she tried getting up . i the lamp down but before i could help her up the gas light us what she had on . a peer of boots then . she as she balanced on the her body up . i picked up the lamp with shaky and the light up the knowing very well what i was about to see . my cousin the face she all over the corpse got on her and crying hysterically . the dead body was her . i froze the boy ' s chest was open and his heart missing . i tried to move but fear had taken over . ' . shut up . " i almost peed myself when i the voice . " stop crying that thing is somewhere around . " the boy said slowly taking the lamp from my hand and it out . my cousin ' s down to soft . the boy me to follow him but before i could even think of making one move i felt a tiny foot step on my boot and i froze i could feel my heart beat . the was movement then my cousin i her body fall and water splash around . the boy at my scarf and i fell . me up and we slowly crept to the rock the were suppose to wait for us . my cousin ' s down as her . the was enough room on one side of the rock for us to hide but i knew the monkey would find us soon . the brother his hand on my mouth to muffle my cry . in one breath he whispered that he had a pocket knife with him and had been able to cut off the monkey ' s one tail while it his brother . he the tail on my hand . i ' t want him to risk it but the monkey would smell us soon and we could never out run it in this darkness . as he took out the knife and left i closed my and covered my praying that god make my death as fast as possible . i the as i knew the boy would fail and will find me . i and hit my head on rock when i felt something touch me . ' come down its me . " he the monkey ' s body in front of my face as blood on my dress . i let out a huge sigh of relief for my life but my heart still sunk as my cousin and this ' s brother were and i still had to break these news to my grandmother . i grew up in the national forest . way off on the old dusty that ran near the township of fern . nothing special . no . pretty much nothing but a bunch of and poor southern gospel . lived on an old dirt road . there was nothing to do when i was real little except walk that road and explore the forest and creek . i am the of four by seven so most of my time was spent off alone trying to avoid em . i had secret all over the . of baby antique and other of secret for little were hidden under the twisting of ancient all throughout my property . they are probably still out there somewhere . the road a ways off back into the was a small creek and a little old family plot or cemetery . the were old . i imagine that all the writing had worn off from the unpredictable weather in the region . you never knew how the weather down there was be one day until the next . if i had to guess i though i would say that that old graveyard was probably from around the civil war era . i had always about from the neighbor my ' s when they would all come and sit and talk in our kitchen and the who would be sure to stop on there to tell me " y all need to stay out of them there little un " . of lots . . . leaf s little people . you see people sometimes just disappear in the national forest nothing left but their boots and everyone was always worried about us . still to roam those creek and old dirt though . i never did believe much in that stuff even as such a little child . i was more worried about getting snake bit or by bear or being by a big old buck in rut . thinking back on it its a only by the grace of god i ' m still alive today as many close with all his wonderful i did have back in them . was in the summer of when i first thought i saw them . we had just had a big thunderstorm the night before . it hard . i had ever seen it rain that i could remember . the were a muddy mess and i was down beaver in the that ran along side em . building of sticks mud and leaves . very important business for a ten year old child . . ray from down the road had up a long side of me in his big green truck to warn me to stay out of the creek than ran along side the old cemetery . " now miss you stay out of that water back yonder i see you down there all the time and its moving too fast today . it ' sweep you up and carry you all the way out to the ocean if you get in there after all this rain " he said . " yes sir " i said . to which he " good girl . now you tell your i said hi and that i ' be by to have a look at y furnace later this evening . keep an out on your little . good bye girl . " i big at him and shook my head in agreement waved widely and " . ray i ' tell my ! you have a good day " all the while knowing the first thing that i was do as soon as that truck was out of sight was go straight down to that muddy old creek he had just told me to stay away from . little creek that ran long side the old graveyard was usually what one might call a fair weather creek . i suspect it was by the runoff from the nearby and . maybe two or three at its when it even had water flowing through it and about five or six wide . some might call it a stream but we always it a creek . was just an hour or two before twilight when . ray came through and left and when i off into the towards that creek on an old game trail i to use as a path . the air was hot and dense pretty typical of a hard rain down around that area . i could hear what like a quiet roar in the distance . i had also what like the occasional giggle coming from the that surrounded me . i was a logical child and i brushed it off to be the of chirping and from the weight of the heavy rain the night before . i finally got to the creek i immediately came to the conclusion that . ray was an honest and trustworthy man . as the little creek it had turned into a dangerous and swift river . its nearly reaching the of the old plot on the other side . the water was dark with sediment from the forest floor and little sticks and leaves and within its . you got close the creek was so loud that you almost ' t even hear yourself think . booming and thundering . the sound of water flowing quickly over and and dragging whatever ' t rooted in well right along with it . there i was standing right were the neighbor had told me not to go staring into the water and in my adolescent mind how i was ever going to get to across it to the other side . the violent thrashing sound of all that rushing water i thought i something else . i quickly raised my head and into the nearby . i could hear something like like many people speaking all around me . " weird " i thought to myself . i spotted a area in the creek . i around for a branch or a log i could lay across and eventually found one i thought would be suitable for my mission . i had to act quickly the sun would be setting shortly and i to make it to the graveyard and back across before night fall . the mission was important but i was a logical child and knew that were filled with ghost once the sun . soon as i found what like a large sturdy branch i went straight to work . first i tested it by standing on top and up and down a few times . once i was satisfied that the old twig would bare my weight i to pull it down the bank to the narrow point in the water . yanking on and rolling that long skinny hunk of stump i finally got it across the small section of my rumbling river . relief . my mission might conclude today after all . moment i stepped on to the thing i the scream i had ever in my life . i stopped dead in my . caught me directly . ray and i was fixing to get the ass whooping of a life time . i slowly up the sharp sting of her " what the hell is the matter with you girl " look . what i saw instead me more than one of my had ever even thought of . from me across the creek in the tree line next to that old cemetery there were at least thirty people . men and . strange as it it they ' t people at all or at least not . they were all barefoot and their skin was dark and reddish like the clay along the sides of the . it rough and dirty like bark the bark of a cedar tree or something . their hair matted with moss leaves and . their were emotionless as they out from behind the of the and . the thing that struck me most about them though was the way the . as the sun was sitting and the forest was becoming dark and i was faced with all these their are what bewildered me the most . they all to have white . it was almost like they . i stepped back on to the bank of creek obviously my previous expedition . unforeseen . just then my makeshift bridge washed down the creek hit a large rock and burst into what like a million . seizing this opportunity i turned and ran as fast as i could back to the road where . ray had stopped me a few . i could hear the and all around as i ran back through them and i ' t dare look back . in fact being a logical child who eventually grew into a logical adult i never went back to that particular spot at all . still the old dirt for a few more before picked up and us all to town . sometimes i go back and drive those old and i swear i can see the of people out there in those . i don ' t know what their were that day . sometimes i think maybe they only to save me from getting washed all the way down to the ocean . sometimes i wonder if maybe they to take me away from my and my family . all i know for sure is that still go missing in the national forest with nothing left to find but their boots . " daddy " i whispered as i my blanket even higher up until it covered my mouth and nose . xb " don ' t worry sweetheart " my dad said before he me on my forehead . " you know that i will always check for the monster . " it was true i knew but what if he forgot ? i just to remind him . xb he went down on his and on the floor as either he or my had done every night since the monster first in a few . xb i anxiously for him to get up again to tell me that the monster ' t home right now and that it was safe to sleep . as he always did . xb but this time it took an unusually long time and after a few of waiting i was getting worried . but i was too afraid to lean over and look . xb " daddy ? " i whispered as loudly as i to but i got no answer . i got no reaction at all . he ' t even move . xb " daddy ? " just a little bit this time but my voice to break had the monster taken my dad ? i to scream for my but what if my scream would make the monster come out ? with my blanket still up over half of my face i up my to my chin in an attempt to make myself as small as possible . my were wet with . xb " daddy ? " i whispered again and this time i actually got an answer . but it ' t the answer that i . i him to say that he was maybe he had just fallen asleep for a few ? i him to tell me that the monster ' t there tonight either and that it was safe for me to sleep . this was what my had done every night for the past few . but no . he ' t say any of that . in fact he ' t say anything at all . no the only answer i got was a quiet groaning . xb i watched my dad as he clumsily stood up on unsteady swaying back and forward it was almost as if i was watching a small child try to stand for the first time . only this was an adult man . xb he ' t fall though even if i him to he just at me with that almost lifeless . he gave me an insincere smile before he turned around on the spot and slowly away out from my room . he closed the door behind him . xb with wide i at the door this had never before . none of my had ever just out without a word after for the monster they always gave me a final hug for the night and said . they never closed the door because they knew i would get if they did . at least he ' t turned off the light . xb and i had never seen my dad act the way he did . xb i tried to make myself even smaller under the blanket . xb " daddy ? " i whispered out in the empty room . but there was no point he ' t come back . xb i was still too afraid to move . xb and that was when i it the sound that i will never be able to forget that my ever since that day the dying scream of my mother . and then everything went quiet . i was shaking but for a few i ' t do anything . xb a moment by and eventually when nothing still ' t i finally the courage to slowly lean over the bed and look at the floor . i ' t see anything there xb breathing heavily knowing that the monster could still be under the bed where i ' t see it i quickly put my down on the floor and away as fast as i could towards the door . xb when i thought i was at a safe enough distance from the bed i crouched down to look . xb the space under my bed was dark than it should have been when the light in my room was on even i understood that . after a while i could see the slightly silhouette . i bit my lip to avoid making a sound that would get its attention it ' t move and it ' t seem to see me . xb still crouched down i took a few slow to the side to try to get a better look at it . that is something i have always doing i was met by what i assumed was its two . they were completely white and glowing in the darkness . they made me feel as empty as they . they made me feel cold . they made me feel like i to do bad . i and away backwards . xb later i threw myself at the bedroom door and ran out . by this point i had completely forgotten about my dad ' s weird behavior and my ' s scream . i ran straight to the living room where i knew my usually were watching when i had gone to bed . xb i stopped when i could see the blood on the floor leading from the couch to the open backdoor . on the couch my sat with her back turned towards me facing the which was still on . her head was hanging slightly to the side and she ' t moving . xb " mommy ? " i whispered and walking towards her . " mommy the monster is here it ' s under my " i . my ' s jaw had been open in a way where it was now just hanging on some of skin . her still open . i ran . i ' t run out the backdoor my dad had done this he could be out there . i ran to the front door and i out still screaming with the streaming down my . xb without seeing where i was going i ran right into the arms of one of the police who was on their way up to our house . xb it been since that awful day . our neighbor had the police when she my mother ' s scream . i lived in foster care for a while until i was eventually adopted . xb something took my family away from me . it ' t the big scary monster i had as a child before it all . no it ' t a monster that would pull me under the bed and take me away from my family instead it was something else something that did something to my father that made him kill my mother . xb it tried to do it to me too . but for some reason i don ' t think it that power over a child . maybe that ' s why i could pull away when my father ' t . and maybe that ' s why my father ' t do me anything . xb people call me crazy when i tell them . but i know what i saw that day . i know that the monster is real . and i know that it ' s much more dangerous than i first thought it part part part last week i told you about what in my present life while running the haven . this week we be going back in history and revisit one of the in the th century . the event was the start of terrible for this safe haven . i stood face to face with the beast . if hatred had a face that would be it . if fear insanity and evil had a baby the goat would be that baby . i saw as the goat and its army slashed their way through our slaying them one by one . you can stop all this right now if you give me the the goat said as it took one of the and it . stop ! you can have them just stop this insane killing please ! i cried trying to buy some time . i was and my heart broke as i saw all the whom i sheltered over the being brutally executed in a demented display of insane evil power . one thing i knew is that always no matter how hard the situation your facing is no matter how tall the wall or bigger the obstacle the thing that out last is hope . i hoped to save as much as i could the manor the and myself to be honest the odds t favor me . i always had that were very powerful inside the manor but none of them were prepared for this fight . when they came to the safe haven they only peace and tranquility . no more no more no more violence no more bloodshed so when they went to war with the goat most of them were simply out from existence . do not stall on this matter . give me the the goat said its become more and more impatient . got out of the house with the ad per and fortis . as i told you they had the power of time travel the other one of space travel and the last and most powerful one was that of mind travel . they were godly . if i were to use them then i t know the of my . of course i could travel back in time exactly before the event and just take the to safety before the horrible got to those . told me that their power combined was something no living creature could endure . its power would either render him insane or downright kill the creature who to feel all the three at the same time . even when you used just one of them you could . extra caution was to make everything all right . came with the fortis the one who could help you mind travel . although mind traveling is a bit of a stretch to call this concept let s just say that it could help you go inside someone s mind and they could follow your every command . winning in this t a given . it on how strong that someone s mind was . she reading from the book and the book glowing red . it needs a vessel ! quickly put your hand on this page ! she said . i did so and she closed the book trapping my hand inside . i felt blood coming out from the tip of my and absorbed by the book . an unbearable pain coursing through my body until i glowing red a scarlet light was me . it did not burn nor did i feel any pain after that . i felt my too into two bright scarlet . through them i channel my mind into the goat s . don t do this ! it s too late you won t change anything the goat said as he a wave of that cutting through the defense line made entirely out of . they fell like leaves . this madness must end you foul beast ! i tear you apart starting with your ! i back in disgust . two of light came out from my and connected with the goat s head . upon contact they drilling two in it blood out like water from a hose . it fell to its and its cried with pain . i was inside its mind . i found myself in a dark room . . the were bleeding and on it there were different crucified to its . the were made of flesh and the sight made me sick . was it like a sort of trophy room ? was the goat keeping track of everything it over the ? i freeing the . even were just crucified to the . it was a display of pain inside the mind of an evil beast who only dwelt in the of hell and whose only purpose was to kill mindlessly . after freeing the they simply . no stop ! what are you doing ? ! the goat said writhing and in pain . i cutting the fleshy and a dark shade of blood came out . then i of vampire who singing in the goat s mind . it was all that i had left . soon i was back in my own body and i bleeding from my . i felt a little but suddenly came back to it . i saw the goat losing control of itself and its spawn . and back on my and then everything went white for a split second . a blinding white light from the sky and a kind of creature whom i never have seen before on it . there were only three of them . they had large feathered and a golden spear in their arms . they surrounded the goat and punching its one by one . it pretty sadistic to see what they were doing because they t act in a hurry instead they did it slowly to inflict as much pain as possible to the goat . then i that when i was in its mind i saw a creature just like them . they were i assumed but not like the traditional that i saw in . they were a different breed a different race . it took almost an hour to finish poking the goat s out . the last two they burned . then they cut its . one for each . one of them came and spoke to me . we are the of blood . a ruthless race of by god to destroy vile and like the one that you almost . we you because even though you used that book to get inside its mind the goat would not have . it would simply have been and in a matter of days you and your haven would have been gone the angel said . he also told me that they been watching me throughout the and that they what i was doing and that they were glad to help . the other two came and i them all . these will be made into fine drinking he said while pointing to them . i want you three to have them . the woman and you two . use them to remember that we are always here for you to help you defend god s . an angel gifted me a horn that to a demonic creature . that was a first . thank you . we tried our best . we mourn our now . it s good to see we have such powerful allies i said while i to go inside and retrieve three gold . i want you to have these . they don t have any particular meaning but they are very old and valuable . they have no power either . i think you can use them at a feast . of course if you have those up there i said . they gladly took them and i them for one final favor . i them if they could restore my cherry tree . they t say anything and just . next spring right next to the old cherry tree a new one growing from the ground . it was exactly like i told you . hope last . more on my other here . so this a few ago my mind is still itself around the whole thing . but it that one thing is certain . there is something living in my water . start at the beginning of the story and how i got to this point . it was late on evening i had just got back from my shift and i was struggling to keep my open . the first night was all a bit of a haze so my memory may not be the best on what . i remember going into the bathroom to run myself a warm and bath . i put the plug into the drain and turned the cold tap to full and the hot tap to just below the like i had always done before . i to hear strange gurgling from within the tap and thinking it was just like some or from outside i it . as the water filling the tub a to smell a rancid smell it smelt like gone off ham . i lit some assuming some rubbish from outside had just been over i live in a big city so like that happen all the time . i turned off the taps and myself in the tub . i awoke the next day in the tub . i thought to myself that i must ' just fallen asleep . i for my towel that had been over the radiator to keep it dry and warm for when i got out . it was soaked . i the and how i obviously had not put them out . the were soaked and they had barely burned down at all . i assumed that i had just splashed while in my sleep and put them out but the towel . it was on the other side of the room . how did it get so wet . i myself a fresh towel and i got dressed for my day at work . i myself a glass of water but the glass burnt my hand . i let out a large screech . i checked the tap . cold . the tap was on the cold side . i another glass and this time it was ice cold . a few days later sleep hard . throughout the night i could hear the gurgling . it was non stop . endless . i went to the kitchen and sat on the floor a glass of water in hand . i up for a second and from my bathroom door of steam . i live alone and there was no sound of running water there was only the steam the gurgling ringing in my ear and that rancid smell . i awoke two days later . i was soaked head to toe . i my way over to the mirror . my were bloodshot a line of dried blood from my nose and that gurgling . " what is it i ? " i had thought . now i know . its been a week since the day i awoke soaked . i know that it in the water . . . not everyone can smell in their . i can . in this particular dream a rotting scent was singeing my . the kind of stench that in the back of your skull . making your stomach want to leave through your mouth . a stink that into your skin if you touch it . no amount washing it . what was i smelling ? me . i knew it was coming from me . well not me but me in the dream . so i my shirt to see what was up . the reek from a hole in my abdomen . about the size of a small plate . still laying down i my head to see my through it . there was a lack of blood inside or out of the wound . just clean and open . i my to check them . like you would look for a hole in a garden hose . right to left pull . " what the hell ? " i sniffing occasionally . it unending . right to left pull . that ' s when i felt it . a bulbous lump through my left hand . by a greenish mold . the sac was knobby and mottled . sniff " that ' s what . . . " i at it as if i was holding the of a knotted rope . trying to figure the mess out . tiny strewn the surface of the sac . like the back of a toad . looking through the mesh of i could see underneath . . many of them . . . the flesh of my intestine was wrapped around them . squeezing the lump made all the ooze . knock knock i toward the bedroom door . " hey can i come in ? " they were smiling " hey " knock knock knock " can i come in ? ! . . " whoever was knocking was smiling and i could hear it . as soon as i thought " no . " that ' s when i awoke . the first thing i remember upon waking sickness . a sickness searing through my gut like a poison . my flesh swelled with warmth a deep pang my stomach . i went to bed feeling fine now mere later i awoke of myself . there was no pause to wonder what was happening however . a forceful urge had me rushing to the bathroom . i thought it was constipation at first . there were no in actually going . it was like a perpetual sludge pouring forth . curiosity to fester in my mind . which soon grew to a gnawing paranoia . i to still my mind from wondering . so i carefully forward and slightly . between my revealed blood laden tar . " what the hell ? ! " out my throat . the slick had filled the bottom of the bowl . a sight that bore a hole in my chest . dread throughout my body . gravity it ' s grip while i to sit up right . doing so made a chill pulse up my spine as all lost their warmth and sensation . silence to wax over me as my vision frosted over . the pit of my chest felt aflame as though lava flooded my heart . i ' m dying . . . in my head . the force of my life contracted to the core twisted and desperate . in my life to teeter on the precipice of the abyss . all of it felt like an utter waste . living in and fantasy . so many and abandoned . countless simply . the air was suffocating now . the whole room felt like a set and me no more an actor in a play . now was just the off screen death of a side character . i to wonder what would happen to my body . it in front of the toilet . crudely . like a fish laid still after it ' s final . to be found as such by family ? the end inescapable . helpless . that ' s the sum of how i felt . i had no control over anything . none . even the feeling of helplessness was something i could do nothing about . not only was there no one to save me no one even knew what was going on . praying begging . . . these are the mental to your arms before the ocean you . all i could do was acquiesce to my demise . a high saturated throughout as my grip on life . the view of my bathroom blurred and faded as darkness to smother me . though all gone there was a lone light that at me . as if i was floating through space staring at the sun . nothing else in sight . it soaked me with solace during my isolation . i to appreciate it more than my own existence . eventually it . leaving me in a void where only thought . " why . . . what . . . what the ? ! help . i ' m sorry . . . " a flood of inquisition for sometime . sometime . that ' s the best i can estimate for you . thinking was the only thing possible . everything i tried to avoid was all that faced me now . all . . . every thought you run away from . and the stark reality of nothing was the only response . however all thought soon down to one . the realization left me in an indescribable emptiness . neither lonely nor alone even . in this moment i felt complete gratitude and warmth . as this feeling the realization all the more . " everything is over . " all sense of responsibility in an instant . even the simple need to breathe as if it the world ' s weight once it was gone . any self awareness to evanesce as i blissfully sunk into oblivion . my consciousness in serenity . i for nothing and in that moment everything was nothing even myself . the peace only a moment before all back in to reality . i to solidify the debris of my existence . sight and sensation while myself . all the woven through my body stung . it was as if my skin was a canvas for of burning scuttling around . till the sensation to that of and simply washed away . air . that ' s what i was feeling . the slight breeze of the a c on me . i knew i was stuck in dire . in to finish the on to the tissue while . flushing backed the plumbing up and the rotten mess into the tub . it could be gurgling through the drain catcher . while the stench of iron the air . i stood like a drunk in front of the mirror . complexion and empty . my reflection that of a walking corpse . glass fragile and a hair ' s breadth between cracked or . i was able to call for help in my woozy state . said the bleeding was from a colonoscopy i had the previous week . the biopsy site scabbed over off and . enough blood loss to warrant a stay in the i . c . u . i laid bone chilled in the silent hospital room . ambivalent to it all . i could feel my body crave the abyss " embrace but my mind feared it . the more i thought about the more it all sang to me . feeling dead tired was the only thing of certainty at that point . weariness would wear heavy on my me to sleep . only for panic to jolt me right back awake . like this for but i was thankful every second i found myself conscious . the whole night felt like a stay in a morgue waiting for the reaper to appear . sleep only came once i accepted i might never wake . my name is and i used to live alone in a big red house deep in the northern . my story no ghost or ghoul . it was a day just like any other i had up around ten am and the fire with some i split the night before . it was a cold day but is a normal temperature that time of year and i was prepared or so i thought i was . i keep a furnace that on diesel it will automatically turn on if the house below f around as a backup or extra heat because you can t be too careful in those with the nearest town being away it s definitely a source of relief when it stays below for too long . my does an alright job at heating but as you might guess at those it s a losing battle so i move to turn my furnace on to warm my up . my large house just eats hot air and it out cold . the furnace s fuel tank is always full and i could quite easily survive the whole winter just off it alone but it s costly and i get free wood across my of land so i burn wood to save money . when i got in the furnace room i the switch and hear it kick on but fail to ignite meaning its low on fuel or out . strange i think . it certainly fuel but t entirely uncommon so i go check my fuel line to make sure none have . after suiting up in all of my winter gear i go to investigate . it s dark outside pitch black it would be odd if it t this time of year . i t have been able to see my own if it were not for my headlight . after through the snow to where my fuel line into my house i spot the problem . it was cut clean and fuel was everywhere and i spot in the snow running to the forest . strange i think again . i turn off the fuel valve to prevent whatever fuel i had left from being lost . unlike the dark or the cold i could not explain that . i think perhaps a was stealing my fuel ? unlikely because who the fuel they re trying to steal . this was before i had a cell phone and i t my landline so i had no way of calling for assistance though i was boneheaded and i t think i any . i wait until the sun comes up around one and with that i had about three of daylight to fix my fuel line . while i was fixing it i some frozen fog on one of my the kind of fog that s left when you breathe too closely to glass like when you see the fog put on the of a frozen grocery aisle door but without the face drawn in . after that a shiver down my spine and i feel very uneasy as that window into my room and i don t usually close my because of how remotely i live . why would a potential fuel thief look into my house in my room where i was sleeping ? i try not to get too out as i do have a gun so i can defend myself if i have to . i think maybe i should start my truck up and head into town to get a cop but with my fuel line fixed and nobody in sight they d just tell me what i already knew it s just a fuel thief and to maybe watch my fuel more closely . i decide to stay home thinking maybe they got their worth and with my furnace all fine for the rest of that day perhaps much less fuel but at a minimum my house was warm for now . but with the snow starting too heavily fall i knew i t be able to leave my house until the main road i lived off of was . i m making dinner when i hear a loud bang that through my silent house . i freeze and listen and can hear what like in the snow just outside . i run out on my porch gun in hand and headlight on my head in my underwear in . i shout for some time into the to no avail and eventually frozen and re enter my house and lock the . in a panic i run to close all the in my house and turn on every light . i hear a loud familiar click of my furnace switching off again . i laugh and go to stalk my but tremble when i see my indoor fire stack is empty . i had forgotten to stalk it due to my . i have plenty of dry wood but it s all outside in the pitch black and frozen night . with that i suit up given no choice but to go outside . before i unlock my i stare through the window on my front door into the abyss that never so dark . i open the door and calmly step on the porch shining my headlight all around looking for anything or anyone but of course i see nothing . i make it to the firewood pile and bring in a arm full just enough to make it through the night . surprisingly or maybe not i make it in and out of the house without a problem at all to lock my on the way in . i throw some in the furnace which was still burning . i take my suit off in my room and head too sit in my chair and take off the rest of my winter gear i m my off when i notice it . a little note lined piece of paper on the ground just in front of my blazing that read you should have locked your when you went to get your firewood . i cringe in fear as i think of all the possible there are in my home . i had left my gun in my snowsuit that was now in my room hanging up . i stand up with of fear through my whole body and freeze when i see him . a man with one of my large kitchen was now standing at the end of my hallway staring directly at me . we both stare at each other for a bit or he at me because he had a winter face mask on with nothing but shining through . with that my instinct in and i turned and booked it into my garage . i t turn around as i could hear the loud coming from behind me that sound with each stride . as i get to my garage i jump in my truck which i always leave the key in and start it up immediately wasting no time waiting for the garage door to open . i look over to my left and the man is standing outside my door banging and trying to open it . i blast through the garage door into my unplowed driveway and catch a glimpse of the man swinging my knife at one of my . i don t know if he took out a tire or not but i was not getting out to check . i floor it and somehow swim my heavy truck through the thick snow in my driveway keeping the momentum up while somehow gaining speed even though my back keep fish . i manage to keep it in control and get onto the main road . but that s where my luck all but ended as i lost control due to the unplowed road and went into the ditch with no hope of getting out by myself . i think about what to do for a long time . i wonder if he actually took out a tire and luckily he t . i was not dressed to make a mile hike to town and would freeze to death if i . i had made it a lot further than i thought i would and i if the man was going to give chase when i could very well have made it all the way into town for all he . i don t know what else to do but leave my truck running for heat and wait for rescue as walking back home like suicide at that point . i t sleep i what that man had on doing if he caught me . it all so elaborate to be coincidental . i wonder if he even knew i had a wood stove because it a chimney with my furnace so it would be easy to think that s all i was heating my house with . i wonder if he knew i was armed . so many but the only answer i could come up with was that he just saw a lonely house in the and decided to terrorize it . or he knew very well of everything and for the perfect time to strike . i eventually unwillingly out and awoke to a man in a large plow truck if i a tow truck to which i delightfully said yes too . after a few i was in a police station with my luckily still running truck and shortly after back at my house with a squad of police . obviously the man was long gone they some deep into the forest where they found a well used trail that led roughly back to another side road that connected to the main road where some large tire that went the opposite way of the town i lived near and into another town about from there . they never caught the man and i never been able to live that far away from people again . i stayed with my for a few until i sold my house to a bank for a lot less than i for it . i m happy nowadays but this will always be one of the to ever happen to me . the following are the last known of . he was by as well as . they were working a shift at the oak island lighthouse beach north . their shift was supposed to last from am am . all three men at some point throughout the night . oak island light house log th . am a storm begun . am been crying for now to run . i convinced him not to leave but i m sure he s going to try and escape soon . am stopped crying but he to speak to me or the storm is getting . am my flashlight went out . am the storm is becoming more violent . crying again . s flashlight gone out . am the night is becoming from crying to much . i hope i survive this damn storm . am the room horrible . said he was going downstairs to look for a spare flashlight . the storm is quiet too quiet . am not returned . stopped crying again . tell our son i love him . am i m hungry still t returned . finally spoke he said he to see his daughter . am the storm become violent again . i can t hear but i know he s crying again . still not returned i know he s dead but i don t want to admit it to myself . am i drank the last bit of water from my bottle . am i miss my wife . am i m sure is dead now taken by the storm like me and will be soon . am i m we lived this long i can hear what like an animal whimpering in the distance . am screaming from somewhere in the distance . to go help him i him if he to die too he stopped talking after that . am is still screaming . am s sound more like now . am stopped screaming . crying again but very quiet this time he pale . am i think wrong with he is becoming increasingly more pale . am blood everywhere he t a muscle in too long i think he s dead . am i am alone now . am the storm is becoming more violent . am i m . am my flashlight turned back on . am the sky is becoming a deep shade of red . am why am i not dead why the storm me for so long . just end it already i want to be away from this damned storm . am awful . am the storm is becoming calm . am the storm is almost silent now . am i can t believe it the storm stopped i m going to live ! i m so happy to be alive . this log was found on a table in the lighthouse next to a puddle of dried vomit . there was no storm on th . multiple people in the area around this time have stated that they don t recall even seeing rain . update th i had recently gotten back home from college earning my degree in pathology to be a coroner i have had an interest in dead my entire life . not like a type of interest more of an interest in the concept of no longer it always my attention without fail . i grew up in a small town east yearn unfortunately east yearn t have a coroner s so i had to go to west yearn to get a job . i always west yearn between out two they were the higher class one everyone was so stuck up and i always to go there for anything but now i had no choice it was either this or unemployment . i went to the office to see if i could get an interview as soon as i and told the worker there that i to see if i could get an interview . he instantly took me into the back and about my experience in the field . i told him about my degree and he seemingly out of relief and said no you re hired . what i just meet you and i literally got into town like fifteen ago i said in reply look i been the only person working here for like the last seventeen and there s some weird that here and i need someone to help me with that he said back hastily . when can i start i how about next he said back yeah yeah good i excited that i got the job so easily . it was only a couple of after i left when the thought hit me what did he mean by weird but i shook it out and prepared to move into the town . i went to the local apartment building to ask about any vacant they said that they had several open and that i could look at them tomorrow and so i checked into a motel so i checked into a hotel for a few nights . came after of and days of moving i officially was in my new apartment and so i happily went to my first day of work . i went into the building and was almost instantly by i think my boss maybe i m not really sure he never . hey there employee follow me so we can finish up your official employment by the west yearn he said wrapping his arm around me he took me to his office and i some more i agreed to my wage of thirty an hour . i why my wage is so high well not much death here but we handle more than just so the township us a pay bump he . i t complain about the pay and a little extra work never hurt me so i t ask past that . after the were and were shaken he took me on a small tour of the facility . it was fairly normal and there was no weird and then he took me to the autopsy room at first glimpse it also ordinary . then he took me to a specific cubby and said we don t open this one ever no matter what this one i said pointing to what one i thought he was talking about mainly because it was marked as number six six six . no not this one he said continually opening and shutting it to prove it s safety to me this one he said pointing at a cupboard mark again ironically nine one one . why not i no clue guy before me said not too and the guy before him to him not to and so on and so forth he in a tone that made it seem like he thought this more than it . oh i said with a pause at the end dude just call me henry no or just henry he . henry like a pretty chill guy not like most of the other people that i met in town i think i m like working here . though i do sort of sense the existence of something else in the building i might be going weird from the dead around me yeah probably that . i post again with news if it th so i finally got some of the weird i was when i first met henry basically some very tired and looking came into the place with a body bag while henry was back at lunch . the of the were off to me and also don t take the to the . i tried to say hello but all i got was some and then they left with literally no other warning . so i decided to prep the body and autopsy room so that when henry got back we could start and he could get a handle on my skill level real considerate i know . the presence that had only been a small feeling before was feeling more like a belief that something was watching me . i figured that since henry was always so chill so i figured it was all in my head after the autopsy i was going to bring that up with him just to make sure i m not going crazy or something . i around a half hour before henry got back i was all dressed up in my surgical gown and ready to start the procedure . but nope the man just right past me only saying the hell did you do all this for and then continued to pass me by . he went into the autopsy room and whispered to himself god damn it why t you die a little bit later the was just getting broken into the place . henry then to raise his hand and then slap the body as hard as he could i could tell it hurt too i his crack while doing it . then to my shock and horror the body to move a little bit like the slap had it up then after a few his eye open and he raised himself up and then just at me for a second or two . almost immediately after that and his head and said to henry so whose the fresh meat henry quickly back with oh him he s just i brought him around for some extra to take care of our . with an awkward smile i gently force henry into a hallway adjacent to the way i had . um henry i said yes henry what and god loving was that i back oh him that s just he s normally here once or twice a week you say that like it some now i m just more confused . henry me into the room again and said to the previously dead man still on the table for dead people this is this is every week he and goes into a coma like state and to be up by someone he so he is always brought here because i m the only person he in this town . stood and over to shake my hand and said yeah i m in here a lot you might just want to get used to me yeah yeah sure i get super used to the guy who five ago was dead on a table for dead people suddenly waking up when being really hard i with heavy of sarcasm . well i can t complain about the slapping henry here used to kick me in the every week to wake me up but then he that i was starting to get used to the pain so he went to good old fashioned slapping he said trying to sound funny . after a chat and some food i got to know him and while he still some of the west yearn attitude he is still fun to out with i guess that s one thing that i can look forward to once or twice a week . after a couple of of from seeing one of the of my life up to that point i henry about the weird feeling in the building . oh don t worry about that it s probably just henry said just who i he here a long time ago and now just generally the play but don t worry he s not evil he s just an henry said back oh is that all i said not even close henry causing me to say wait what huh henry said trying to act dumb . later after a relatively uneventful next day henry told me to stay in the office for a little while longer saying that said he s go mountain and i need someone here to slap him awake if he up here . and so i sat in the break room first of all wondering why one man such a massive break room for so long and reading plus listening to autopsy to get some learning in me . after an hour or two of boredom i to hear a voice from the back of my mind it was dim and whispering something incomprehensible then all of a sudden the voice was like a whisper in my ear from behind me saying get out . i to freak out then i just he is not evil he is just an . up courage from somewhere in my soul i out you know what screw you you make noise make people uncomfortable and make it harder for me to work you know what you are just a colleague who just to be a ghost . on a distant wall i to hear a scraping noise behind some furniture i it and saw an invisible hand carving in the wall a message reading leave this place . just being kind at this point i out hey you buddy i fix that now you go yourself if at all possible . and then after the night i the wall and never really from again good riddance i say i will update you with news as it comes to me . update th so i been working here for the last few maybe one or two the entire time and a lot of slapping back awake on the bright side he finally me now so i don t have to wait for henry every time . also a few of yelling at for just being annoying mainly just for scratching into the wall that i have to fill in every time he does it . everything been the same old same old i been to watching a dead man become alive again and to a dick head ghost that is always watching me . my schedule turned into just waiting around in the break room and occasionally slapping a dead body then during the night fill in the message that leaves in the wall go home repeat . on the bright side i have lots of spending money because of the high pay which the whole thing worth it seven times over so that s chipper i guess . until yesterday when my schedule was thrown out of wack when a man in a dark blue trench coat and brown fisherman s hat a body bag on the doorstep and left . i up henry to ask about it is it he said after i told about the situation no i don t think so the bag a bit bigger than normal and the guy that brought it here was definitely not from the hospital i . what color is the bag he like a navy i don t open it i will be there to tell you what to do soon just bring it inside for now he said with a little bit of urgency that i t used to from him . so i dragged the bag into the building with quite a lot of difficulty now that i think about it navy blue is a strange color for a body bag they re normally either dark green or black weird . henry got here around fifteen afterward he told me to bring the body down to the basement where we keep the crematorium as he me bring it downstairs and continued past the i had been for the normal that were to be burned . he told me that the man who brought the bag here was by the name of white basically there s a woman that as pest control for say and more dangerous she the to for treatment of any or disease and he us the body to ash and we give the ashes to the local concrete company in order to keep the ashes away from the forest . this was one of those i why the ashes to be kept away from the henry said that s not the important part the important part is that we do it the reason . we through the bag into a furnace that i d never seen before i assume that it is just used for this reason i why we t open the and he said that it s the huntress to do so he t question it . after around an hour or five of waiting for the body to ash down to the bone henry went up to the janitor s closet and a fifteen gallon bucket and a sieve . he ran all the ashes through the sieve and into the bucket and any fleshy back into the furnace to ash out and after forty five of that we had a large bucket of bone and ashes . henry sealed the bucket with a cap a little bit of ash out during this don t worry the forest is a couple of hundred away from the and we are in a basement so it s fine henry said seeming to answer a question i t ask . he me with the bucket to the concrete company in the coroner s van so i brought out the heavy as hell bucket and put it into the van and to drive to the company . due to some incompetence of the other i almost rear ended another car causing the bucket to thrash forward unsealing and sealing quickly i over to check on it . i the bucket to look and what i saw was that from my that no ash was lost so i sealed it back up and drove to the company and then drove back to the office . after a couple of henry told me to take the van into the to wash it out got a little dirty after some we brought to a mass funeral a whole other story i don t feel like talking about writing now some and the thing was stunk up . and so i drove to a clearing and hosed out the back that some of the water was by something that i t know was it . and so i finished up the cleanup and drove back to the office same old same old though t in like half a week and i was just waiting for his body to come in . all of a sudden henry ran into the break room and the door in a mild panic . he said yes henry i why is there a outside he said with a blank face pardon i said back there is an eight foot tall gray skinned humanoid outside whose been tapping on the glass and trying to convince me that i should leave because my tax would be too hard and going to prison for tax evasion would be worse than death he said . and you know what he was pretty convincing he continued to my knowledge not a single grain of dust went that bucket on the way to the place i but then giving a few to think ah i said throwing my head and giving out a heavy sigh what is it henry said questioningly i may or may not have gotten some ash in the back of the van that was then washed onto the forest floor with water . henry said yes henry i said back you re a disappointment to the art of cutting dead and that s saying something he told me . wait so like are we leave that thing outside and let it keep yelling at you about your tax or what i said hold on a second let me call he in an out of either breath or out of to give tone . he made a phone call and was talking for about five before we hung up in he said that the huntress was on her way and we had to not die till then i agreed so we just hung out in the break room in total silence . i broke the awkward silence by saying why are you concerned about tax there are five till i said the fact just hit me then holy you re right i was legit about to open the door for a second henry . wait what i said be quiet henry said back . after around fifteen we a car drive up and stop then loud and then a pound of the door . that s us henry said quickly up to his and walking to the door and opening it and seeing a woman around his height and dressed in all black holding what like a shotgun . oh no like there s still a monster out there henry said who i assumed to be put a smile on her face her head and hit henry hard in the stomach with the butt of her shotgun she then in at me and henry this the new guy henry quickly said yes in a pained voice . she then well you this mess come and help me clean it up she dragged me out made me clean up everything then i it all and brought it back to the concrete place . and that s it nothing much past that later that night i had to slap at nothing much past that i update with more news as it comes . update th okay so like this is be a short update but like the thing today out of nowhere . so at around two i chilled in the as i normally do when someone the door and so i went to open it . as soon as the door cracked a team of rushed in and around twenty in the autopsy room i what was happening and why they just unload twenty on me . according to the there was some disease that went through the under the town that all the of the sewer town we just need you to cut open three or four to identify the disease and we can just burn the rest . and then after dropping information that more than it at that exact moment henry out from his nap and saw the pile of dead . what the is this henry said in an tone i don t know a bunch of hospital people just these off and told us to cut a few open to study their disease i back what the hell we get to burn slap and yell at not do this he said back . so after some from both of us we cut the open studied the disease . turns out it s just a virus that form of fortunately it only to be able to infect these people and bats so there t any danger . we informed the local government burned the and continued on our . update it around five days ago had been much more active lately sometimes he was marking five or six a night as i the from place to place it eventually lead me to the autopsy room . it was strange though never the autopsy room i figured it was a thing where he t go where he . for the next day afterward there were no which me as even stranger than more than one . even so i went on with my work just waiting for that subtle sound of scratching on the just for me to get out the wall paste to patch whatever sentence he had together that day and yet without it was almost torture waiting for that sound but it never . until one night i it and like the most beautiful music in the world i rushed to see the source seeing the message being scrapped into the wall above cupboard nine one one . the message reading free me an arrow pointing toward the door i knew what henry told me i knew i knew i t supposed but the message my curiosity . for the day or two after i t get my mind off of the cupboard and off the message then one day when henry was away i went to the autopsy room and checked out the door . looking at the wood around it i could tell it was either not taken care of as well as the or it was just way older . i to rub the handle and gently onto it and softly . the door were stiff and difficult to move and i had to force it open with a great amount of effort . when the cubby up an old dusty skull fell out and hit the ground weirdly not shattering into a million like old hollow normally do . looking up from the skull i saw that there was a whole skeleton in the cupboard i put the head back onto the tray closed the cupboard and went back into the . for the next couple of days every time i was alone i d open the cupboard and stare at the for a while and then i d close it again and wallow in a nice bit of shame for the rest of the day . then one day i felt a bit more curious than usual so i took the tray out of the cupboard and it on the autopsy table to take a closer look at it . while leaning over the table to get a better look my hand slipped and hit a rib suddenly the entire town was shaking causing many of the to be and most likely a very large amount of death . i ran outside of the building to see half of the town being sunken into massive up over the tunnel system running below the town . an incredibly strong gust of wind blasted through the door behind me knocking me to my in an instant . a phantom laugh through the entire town as if a god had just risen hell in front of me and sunk the earth to its level . i had that same feeling as my first day on the job of someone watching me but rather than discomfort and unsure i felt and i knew exactly what it was t a ghost i don t know what it is but it t a ghost . i saw henry running toward me from his place yelling about what s happening all of a sudden he was picked up by an invisible force and against the wall of one of the only still standing . i was frozen watching the force grab hold of his arm and slowly twist it until the pop of his shoulder coming of joint scraped through the air like a dull knife through flesh . his arm was then slowly up and then even slowly over his head his elbow touching the top of his head . it was then slowly over his crown far past the snapping noise which had already through my mind . i to run and run then i back to his stick through his skin in a painful display . the border of the town was too far to be able to make it so i ran to where i knew s office is to get her help the town was basically empty at this point everyone had either are drove away to most likely be by the beast on their way out . i got to the pest control building where works and inside to find her i went to her office and i found her mostly . her left arm which from what i saw was her shooting arm was no longer there but it t cut off it like more and had been off all at once making a pattern on the stump looking like no other wound i seen . her shirt was open but there was no skin or muscle left on the front except for some of it which kin slayer . i ran out of the building and in a smaller one off to the side it t look there . i am the last person that is in the town of west yearn and yet i hear a knock on the door . this notebook was found on the body of one was a severe schizophrenic and from previous analytics on his condition it was found out that he had a delusion of being a coroner in a fictional town call west yearn . after murdering a desk woman at a local pest control center in one of the janitor s when the police had gotten there on and the door it was too late . had of a drug overdose on what was later found to be a cocktail of and uppers . when his home was they found many dead that had been cut open and to have had a crude form of an autopsy on them . they also found a barely alive boy and a young woman the boy had repeatedly and most of the skin on his was leaving them scabby and bloody . it was also found that the boy s had burst from repeated hard and they were unable to be . the woman had been physically and was almost never feed she was found in the attic she said that in order to attract help from the she had onto the siding of the house that she could reach . it was found that she also had eaten most of her inner and large of her tongue due to the long of starvation she would have to endure . officer woodrow parker was a good boy of just six old . he always did his and nicely with the other on his suburban street . was in a state of joyfulness . you see it was eve and he was sure that he had a place on the nice list . still even the best little misbehave a little . when it was time for bed let himself be in by his and dad and feigned sleep until he was certain that they were asleep themselves . he then downstairs and sat on the living room couch by the tree . he was going to meet for himself . he hoped would forgive him he just to show him the that he had bake himself . the milk and were still there and there were no under the tree . with relief as he that he t . he sat on the couch for what felt like a lifetime but was really less than an hour . he kept his trained on the large fireplace with just ready to be filled with . he had almost off to sleep when he the tapping . he up and into the chimney but t see anything . the tapping continued and he that it t coming from the chimney but the front window . timidly up to the window and into the night . his filled up with amazement . standing at the window was ! he was tall with rosy and a big white beard . over his shoulder was a large red sack filled with who what of . ! it s me . it s ! i m sorry i t stay in bed but i had to meet you . please forgive me ? ho ho ho ! why of course ! could never be mad at you . say why don t you open the door and let me in . my elves have worked hard on your . he said with a shuffle of his bag . and . he up to the door cheerfully and was just about to open it when a nagging feeling stopped him . s had always said that when he had a bad feeling it was his guardian angel telling him that something was wrong . ? said through the door . why t you come down the chimney ? something felt wrong about this . ho ! it s a long story . i tell you when i get inside . felt his stomach drop . had just him ? the real would never get his name wrong . he had an idea . ? he . did you bring me the hot set that i for ? with breath . why of course i did ! let me in so i can give it to you . felt sick . if this was the real then he would know that had for roller for . who ever this was it t . slowly backed away from the door before running up to his room all the while he the man calling out to him . he ran into bed and buried himself deep into the and his shut . he stayed that way until he fell asleep . the next morning awoke to the sound of on his street . he the piled high under the tree and ran to his who were looking out of the window in horror . when they him they shut the and put on fake but could tell that they were shaken . they never let him see the of the family lying in a neat row across their lawn . the next week the police a conference to discuss the case . everyone in the house had been s friend billy . what the police was that there was no forced entry to the house . it was almost as if someone had just let the killer in it was a sailboat coming back into the bay . my wife had me to stop on our way home and so we into the small scenic area on the cliffside road to watch the . she would often sketch them and she did so then on her . i remember eventually looking away from the sailboat to instead admire her and she deep in her ' t see the truck . i saw it only in a flash over her shoulder . i know it hit her and i must have been thrown onto the cliffside . that was the last thing i remember . the sailboat . . . and then i was here . xb the doctor finally looking up from his . he his pen absentmindedly for a while . i my weight in the stiff hallway chair and the ice pack from the bruise on my head to those on my lower back . i had only a mild concussion and miraculously no broken . in the time i had been unconscious and my wife had been taken into emergency surgery . it was for this reason my gaze again from the doctor to the surgery ward behind him . xb he gave his one last look and finally seeming satisfied returned his pen to his coat pocket and my gaze . he before i and told me my wife was still in critical condition but they would let me know as soon as there was a change . the same answer the had given me . it was already dark outside and i sat there worrying for the and until they to avoid me their answer always the same . the morning light had just begun to appear when i met him . xb the foreign doctor came in from somewhere and after a nurse at the desk she pointed me out to him . he me in a great hurry me a stack of and speaking with a slight accent that i ' t quite place . his were short and blunt . xb " your wife is dying . i may be able to help her . " xb he spoke briefly of her condition . that she had lost motor function that she ' t be able to breathe on her own soon that she had brain damage . he to perform an experimental procedure he was saying it could at best return her motor function eventually that she would live . he to explain further but as i every form and waiver he had handed me he instead simply pointed out where i had to initial as well and then took the and quickly went into the surgery ward . xb eventually he came out of the ward wearing a outfit still moving with great haste . he was moving to another area of the hospital and a retinue of other and him with equal speed . i stood then thinking to call out to them but they quickly about with a tangle of and small passing them to one another as they and there in between them underneath the mess of wire and on a narrow operating bed i saw her . my wife . i cannot describe how she lying there because i cannot allow myself to recall the image . i was certain she was dead . she was broken so terribly that there could be no way she still lived . and in a moment of noise and and a of they were through the next and gone . xb i stood there for some time numb . eventually a nurse out to me rousing me from my shock . i turned to her but could not answer whatever she had said to me . she at me kindly and said i should head to the cafeteria to get some food . she said they would page me over the hospital ' s intercom when something . i ' t respond and simply at as my mind made sense of what she said . no came to me and before she could speak again the surgery ward were again thrown open by a team of . xb i spun not knowing what to expect but something nonetheless but it was not my wife . instead a team of similar to the last group came from the ward moving in the same direction my wife had gone . this time however they were by a large man strapped down to a hospital bed . he writhed and against his his wild . every part of him strained the and standing out starkly underneath his skin . he twisted roughly seemingly trying to fight the off as they cursed and to keep the bed straight . the man in the bed saw us as he went past and through his roughly mouth restraint he out to me . xb " help me ! stop them ! " he cried in a harsh voice . but a moment later he was gone through the next still fighting all the while . xb the nurse hurried after the group of and left alone there still numb i decided to wander . xb i don ' t know how many i spent in the winding hospital . i through the cafeteria several times but i ate nothing . i had no appetite no energy my and i had lost my ice pack somewhere . my phone had long ago and i marked the time passing as i by morning afternoon afternoon to become night again . eventually i found myself near the surgery ward where i had and the memory of my wife fought its way through my clouded mind . xb how do i describe losing her ? how can describe the death of one so dear ? i was unthinking at the world as if through glass . the world i had lived in with her now on display in front of me untouchable . her death was incomprehensible too large for the mind to fully grasp . her ' s was the death of a nation the loss of a war an event that would stand out in mankind ' s history . a tragedy . if you can grasp even a portion of how i felt of how deep my loss was then perhaps too you can imagine the height of spirit i felt seeing her in a when i finally returned to the surgery ward . xb she weakly but she saw me and all the same . i rushed to her and the colors of the world flooded from her the world . i wept and though the doctor ' s spoke i could only look towards them through reverently as they . ever so gently trembling my wife ' s hand came to my face and i took it in my own . i felt the roughness of a bandage and i truly at her . she was completely covered in and . her hair had been shaved and the formed a web around her head face and neck . reason to return to me . xb " . . . of blood all after she is a miracle . " the accent tinted the as he spoke them and i to the doctor that i had all the for . the experimental procedure . xb " it worked . " i said it dumbly still . xb " yes but this is beyond my . for her to regain this level of motor function should have taken . she not even begun to heal . she will have to be studied as you agreed to . " he said the last few with emphasis but i had no intention of refusing . he had saved her from certain death . xb she would remain at the hospital for several days but i could visit her . with the weight of her death from my the of hunger exhaustion and my own fell on me heavily . i returned home and the days by in a blur of phone and hospital . xb her recovery was miraculous . every day she made incredible in her strength and motor . by the end of the week she was her old self smiling talking laughing . her were as sharp and beautiful as they had ever been . with the agreement that we continue to return to the hospital every other day for study she was given leave to return home . xb the joy that came back into my life was greater than i had ever known until that point . our marriage had always been happy but nearly lost each other we took nothing for . we spent all our together . i music for her in the while she used the large she had always been so afraid of wasting . family on both of our sides came and doing everything they could to make her recovery easier and for those first two back from the hospital i was perhaps the happiest i have ever been . xb once she had most of her out the recovery process . then . she was beset by that a little worse every day . small would affect her severely such as frequent muscle and of fatigue . it took its toll on her mood as well and sometimes she would withdraw from me completely or instead cling to me as if for safety . she to speak less and at times unresponsive . the frequency of our hospital and seemingly every one of them involved an or scan of her head . the foreign doctor few of my and i to fear her recovery was at risk that she was in danger . xb continued to worsen until one day when i was in another room i her scream from the kitchen . xb i ran into the room to see her on the ground blood from a clean cut angled across her arm . she was looking through me instead of at me . i went to her and tried to calm her her what had . xb " he me . " she said it shakily fear plain across her face . xb " who ? who you ? " i . looking around the room i saw no one no open door or nothing . xb " troy " she said it in a whisper . forming in her she pointed a shaking hand towards the bloody kitchen knife laying near the wall as if thrown . " he to kill us . he revenge . he said . . . " her hand went to her mouth covering it and for a moment she before doubling over and crying out . her went to her head . xb " who is troy ? is he still here ? " i my darting between her and the . xb " yes . " she . xb i her in my arms and went to our bedroom her gently on the bed and quickly locking the door . she cried softly as i got my handgun from the safe near the . i turned to comfort her and the caught in my throat . the cut had been than i originally thought and bright blood had already begun to pool in the of her clothing . my mind . we had to get to the hospital . xb quickly i tied off a to her arm to staunch the bleeding and carried her to the car not daring to wait for an ambulance . i spoke with the emergency operator on the phone as i sped to the familiar hospital and any higher that were listening for each green light and the closeness of proximity from the hospital to our home . xb staff met us as we up to the emergency room entrance and my wife was in poor shape . she skin pale standing out against her skin . she stiffly as the staff transferred her to the . i had taken the gun from my waist and it quickly into the car leaving the vehicle halfway on the curb . inside i saw the doctor waiting for us . i the foreign doctor into the hospital . xb my wife was for the cut but she was faring poorly . the had turned to and she clawed at herself drawing more and more blood . eventually she was . as the doctor calling for another scan of her head i stopped him . he made to move past me and i him by the coat my fear and anger becoming strength and turned him roughly to face me . " what is happening to her ? " i . xb he at me with disdain . " she is getting worse . " he tried to pull my hand from his coat but my grip was like iron . xb " why ? what is happening ? i think she cut herself . " i said . xb he gave me a puzzled look . xb " with a knife in our kitchen . she said troy her . " i said . xb the puzzled look from his face and instead his color from his face . xb " that ' s impossible . " he whispered . xb i watched him as he lost focus on me he was deep in thought my grip on his coat suddenly forgotten . xb " who is troy ? " i . xb he and i my grip him towards me . i repeated my question and his gaze . he to crumple a bit the hesitation giving way to . xb " he is gone . . . your wife her brain the nervous system some . . . " here he again searching for the " of her brain were they were dead . my surgery it the from a good brain and . . . it them work together . troy was the other half a prisoner with the death sentence but it was not the memory only motor function and feeling it ' t make any sense what she said . " his confusion genuine . xb " his brain ? how can dead replace dead ? why his ? " xb " no no a living brain . living . " he said it the look on his face sparking my memory . the other man strapped to the hospital bed that day . the one who had out to me . i ' t believe it . i ' t read the at the time i simply them . " he is dead he cannot hurt her " the doctor said . his voice was strained and he against my grip which was now near his neck . i had my hold on his coat without it . i him my mind still racing . xb the of broken glass broke my train of thought and there was yelling in the waiting room we had come through . i left the doctor and went to see what had . xb there through the broken large pane window was my wife still in her bloodied clothes hospital hanging limply from one of her and . blood speckled the pavement as she stiffly towards our car . i after her forgetting the doctor . xb by the time i made it through the panicked lobby and out the door to join her she was crouching next to our car its passenger window in . i to her as i ran and as she stood i saw for the moment the flicker of a memory in her strained in the way the and stood out on the broken bloodied arm that had the window . she turned to face me her good arm and before i could say anything the world spun . xb i ' t hear the gunshot i ' t feel the bullet hit me i ' t hear or feel anything at all . i was on the ground my vision blurred and went in an out of focus . she was talking yelling at someone . was it me ? more . suddenly i could only see out of one eye and as i lay there dying i saw her or someone within her put the gun to her head . my scream in my throat trapped and as the gun went off as i watched her fall darkness came and the light of my world went out a second time . xb i awoke to my wife ' s voice . she my name softly at first . then and still until it shook me and i awake . the light above me was blinding and as the vision in my single eye came into focus i saw the two standing over me . i was laying down . xb i sat up quickly my vision swimming my head aching . i tried to speak but my numbly fumbling my wife ' s name . i tried again with more success i still her . i out to her again . the surgeon nearest me had the he was holding and was backing away from me . " impossible " the came from the surgeon behind me . the accent . xb i turned to him but my wife was screaming now the panic in her voice so vivid . i actually felt it . i around for her calling out again . xb " where is she ? " i the doctor . xb he met my gaze " she is dead . one hour ago . " xb " no she ' s here i know she is . " the panic of my wife ' s screaming into my own voice . another voice was rising against hers rougher . it to drown her out . i tried to stand but my ' t support me . i fell awkwardly to the hard cold floor . around me the and away from me . i myself up hurriedly to the bed next to mine . xb " i know she ' s here ! " i it trying to be over the horrible rough laughter that now through my very body my wife ' s calling further away . " she ' s here ! " i and with a great heave i myself upright over the adjoining bed . over the body covered by the hospital sheet . xb " yes . " he said it meekly . xb i felt my strength drain . this was wrong . i back to the floor . pain me . i just barely him the accent was audible over troy ' s over his rambling and laughter . my at the of winding around my head . i felt the blood . was it mine ? who ' s blood was this ? i stood on unfamiliar . on my own . xb " in a way she saved your life . " the doctor said . his were in front of him . i our eye on him . i could see the shame the regret the pain the doctor felt was plain on his face . i turned my hand brushing the sheet hanging off the nearby hospital bed . perhaps he truly did regret what he had done . he never intended to hurt us . xb but despite all of this my wife was dead . and so when troy lunged at him i did not stop him . xb xb i don ' t know how many days or have since that day . time is hard to keep in the asylum depending on when i have more control . sometimes i miss or of the day when troy is but on days like this when i have an arm unbound and can write on the big of sprawling paper with the waxy little charcoal they give me i can pass the day in relative peace . i haven ' t my wife since that day and at times i feel myself losing control in greater all at once . but on days like this when i can write the day sometimes me by completely . but when i have control again i find there sometimes in the of my paper a little sailboat crudely drawn as if from a long ways off and on those days a little bit of happiness comes back to me . . . r kfur for shapeshifter the . . r khav for doggo not man ' s best friend i can tell you that . . r kbis for poison a sort of scavenger hunt xb there t much i can say about what the day after . this is because i spent it from the of the previous day and what went on in my sleep . i thought at least in my slumber i t have to deal with or . i was wrong . pretty much the instant everything went black due to the pain i had been in i found myself back in with in front of me . xb xb oh great . now i m about this i said ignorant that the real her stood in front of me . what the do you want bitch ? xb xb i spat the question out . her calm expression into a glare without warning she backhanded me across the face . i fell back the spot she hit . xb xb i thought you can t feel pain in a dream i cried out . xb you t in a dream idiot . xb wait . you mean xb yes i have brought you back here . xb how and why ? xb i have a piece of your soul . therefore i can use it to call you here when your body is resting . it significantly less effort than the usual way we contact you . as for the why you will soon find out . first you must put this on . xb xb she extended out a blindfold . this had bad news written all over it but i was in no position to object . i reluctantly put on the blindfold . xb xb be mindful of where you step . i will not be holding your hand . xb could you at least share where we are going ? xb it s a place where that blindfold you are wearing will be greatly . xb xb my heart to beat faster . xb xb what do you mean by that ? xb our destination that will drive any mortal insane . if you even glimpse one of the there your mind will shatter and i will have to leave you there to be . there s nothing i can do for you if you see one so i suggest you heed my advice . xb xb now my heart was in my stomach . my felt weak . xb xb it s only been a few days since i stopped seeing . why do i have to deal with something like her again ? xb because we are you too . now come on . xb xb we for quite some time . as we did the air got even colder . i found this odd because we did not seem to be going upward while walking . as far as i could tell we had been continuously walking in the same direction . xb xb why is it so chilly all of the sudden ? i . xb it s them . your body s drop in temperature is its way of you that they are nearby . xb wait . you never what i should do if they try to yank off my blindfold . xb you don t need to worry about that . they have no tangibility here . they can however influence the environment to some extent . you find out about that soon enough . xb xb we traveled further and i hearing static . it t just that though i among it . most were in different so i t understand them . the i could understand for death and to be freed from their constant agony . needless to say i did not find any of this . xb xb as it turns out their environmental did not extend only to coldness . i felt my body heat up to ungodly . the constant switch from cold to hot me to feel as though i would pass out . i should also mention that i caught of different colored flashing from underneath the crack of my blindfold . whether these were the or the damned of their i can t say . xb xb i don t know how much more of this i can take . xb we re almost to our destination . you only need to endure this for a little while longer . xb xb i don t know how but i to find the strength to keep going . xb xb we . xb xb i could hear the distinct sound of many screaming at once . they were coming from below us so i figured we were standing over some kind of abyss . xb xb i don t like what i m hearing . i m afraid to ask but why did you need me to come here ? xb xb me by the arm . i cried out in pain because her were digging into my skin and drawing blood . xb xb what are you doing ? i cried out in pain fighting against her iron grip . xb it s been so long since we been to your world . that we need you as our anchor correct ? xb what about it ? xb xb my to break free were futile . xb xb you will be our link and for that to happen we need you to experience pain in a mental physical and spiritual sense . you two out of three of those which you only have one left . xb xb i malice in her voice . it came across as though she was authority which she had not for a long time . she dragging me and i quickly her intent . xb xb t there any other way to do this ? xb xb my were over the abyss . xb xb you know we think you been doing a good job so far with serving us . put in a good word for you as well so if you keep this up we reward you for your . i suggest you hold on to that thought before i put you in here and a word of advice positive thinking will lessen your torment . xb xb i t get a chance to ask for clarification on that last statement . she let go of my arm and me back into the abyss . my fear to the point i t even scream as i fell . speaking of which the i while falling towards the abyss deafening . the sensation of extreme cold and heat even worse . xb xb i got the feeling whatever lied at the bottom of the abyss had to be a much version of the . i t just get really cold or hot . my body between feeling as though it were melting and freezing . the pain brought about by both was so intense i thought it would make me go insane . i tried to focus on something anything else to get my mind off it . xb xb how long will i have to endure this ? i as the screaming pierced my . xb xb i also if was still looking down into the abyss . xb xb what is she seeing ? wait . . . what did she tell me ? think positive ? how corny . how can i even think when i m in this much pain . what did she even mean by that ? xb xb as odd as it on those actually helping me . xb xb let s see here . this heat me of a summer day at the beach . xb xb the heat some . xb xb this cold me of the season . xb xb i felt myself smile as the cold lessen as well . i kept at it thinking of my favorite and . now i should mention while this did take some of the pain away it still hurt like hell . the to meld together and formed into a static noise far more grating than what i had from those up to that point . xb xb i still need to get a tree i thought somewhat absent as the static grew even . xb xb the next thing i knew i felt an electric shock run through me . i thought these only produced what and cold . the shock of this took away my focus on back to the pain i had been . fortunately i t have to go through this for much longer . just when i thought the pain would cause me to perish a light . xb xb it was so bright it hurt my even with the blindfold on . at that moment i knew with great relief that i had to get through the task had forced me into . when the light i found myself back in my home still wrapped in . they were now more solid and covered in blood from digging into my body . i ' t even cry out because i was in so much . xb xb i had been asleep yet i had not . how . the had also become sharper . my weary saw deep on my and massive along my chest . they as though i had been on fire and someone just put me out . xb xb oh you re finally awake said on one of my without a care in the world . xb xb with a nod of his head the unraveled . i fell to the floor . i breathed heavily and turned onto my back . down at me . xb xb how was your nap ? xb xb prior to to my and falling back into an actually restful sleep i to get out a two word response . xb xb . . . you . xb xb . . r kl for possession now they ' re here i don ' t know exactly what is going on . . . but i should probably explain . when we first at the forest we were a fun four day vacation but that never . jess was out of the car first . i can recall she had about the loss of connection to her data so she ' t call her to tell her we had made it safe . i remember promising her that it ' d be fine and that her ' t worry too much . i think that i was next out of the car by and mary . i wait for them to get out before the door . we look around and ask about . " he ' s still on his way he us to get to the cabin and set up everything . " mary told us as she walking down the path to the cabin . it was already afternoon so it ' t be much longer until it was dark . as soon as i was inside i taking out the food and testing the and oven . i cooking and left the room for a moment to look outside . to my surprise " car was on the top of the hill the were bright and on his door was open but he was nowhere to be seen . mary and i both notice that he is not in or around the car so we go outside to look . his car was vacant of anyone the door was wide open and it was beginning to snow . was known to use the bathroom in the when he really to go so we just it up to that . i continued cooking after taking the role back from jess . she went to go lay on the couch where she until . . . the " incident . " jess was silently a game on her phone while read a book near the window . i ' d rather have been like jess and a game than read a book but it was his choice . mary had gone outside to look for . we the door open quickly and slam shut . at that moment we all went quiet staring in the direction of the door . the only thing illuminated the was the kitchen light the fireplace near and a few around . the figure closer and begin speaking as quickly as she could . it was mary . " something just me ! i can ' t find and if he is a stupid prank like the last time i swear to god i ' kill him ! " her thrashing around as she her glasses to fall to the ground . she quickly them . we ate and really worrying for . his were now off and someone was standing by a tree . who had the seat facing the outside window it first he quietly told us to look at what he had saw . what we could see was a figure although human like it had a strange shape to it it was constantly wobbling back and forth before going back into the . " is really trying to pull this off this time . " jess said fed up with him already . the door open and we were all to see . he waved and quietly sat down devouring his food and smiling . " did i scare you ? " he looking from mary to to jess and then to me . " no you jerk . you ' re lucky i don ' t dump your dumb ass . " mary said looking toward the window she was really mad . jess and i the room and she to talk to me about something . " what is it ? " i recall her feeling a little uneasy . " ' t something about seem . . . different ? " she to which i over the corner to look at . his black hair and green the same to me . " i don ' t think so ? i think we are just a little on edge and we need to just calm down . " i told her still feeling anxious myself . that night we all went into our own with mary and one . i what jess had said . everything about was the same . that ' s when it hit me . " are blue like his . i sat up quickly as i could hear a loud scream by a cracking noise and something dragging something else . i leapt out of bed and out of my room i could see that mary and " door was wide open with blood all over the door and floor . my and i could see walking outside with mary ' s body . i felt heavy and sick my head was weighing me down and i . when i awoke i was in my bed and and jess were downstairs searching for mary . what was . . . what to him ? i could only wonder . the rest of the event are a blur but i recall running with jess out of the house after i revealed what i saw . was by and we were getting as far as we could away . the car had to start and i could hear my heart pounding my face was dripping with sweat as i jess along with me . a cave was not too far away and we quickly when i turned around i was just holding a hand . i the hand and screaming . i ' t hear anyone else i continued through the cave until i ran behind some only for some more to fall from the ceiling blocking my entrance . the only way out was a small hole for someone to peek through . i could hear jess humming . i out to her . she rushed over and her head through the hole she me what i was doing in the wreckage . my hope . her hair color was now . it was the creature . . . i was the only one left . it at me for days and i fear with a little more time i will die . . . maybe it ' s better to just die of starvation or dehydration than to die of that thing . any of helping me . . . please . it ' s constant mumbling and laughing is me . there is no way out . transcript abyss if you are listening to this these are from my suit . if you are reading this then these have been by the audio . regardless of the medium i am probably dead . actually i am most likely dead . i am these final of my life as i am trapped at the bottom of the pacific ocean close to the boarder i believe and i have only a few left of oxygen . i just hope this recording to see the light of day because what i ' experienced down here is something that needs to be studied and back too . let me start from the beginning . my name is . i am a year old . growing up i was always fascinated by life underwater . . . i mean if you think about it it ' s truly another world down here . in my late teens i went into the navy and then studied marine biology . i now work for a company that does deep sea research and for i of the day that it ' be my turn to go down . that day finally two ago when i got a letter from my company that i have been selected along with four to embark on a mission to go under water in the pacific ocean close to the boarder . the goal was to research unknown species that could potentially be there along with any plant life we may see . i was quite to find that i got this offer let alone being the position of head captain of this mission . i had only been at the company for and usually people who qualify must be working here for at least a captain position . i later found out that the man who was suppose to be the captain of this mission suffering heart and was no longer eligible for deep water research . the company desperate and with my intensive navy background they decided to choose me . regardless i took this very serious and for i went under intensive physical and mental examination . i studied the submarine thoroughly . . . i learned every button every knob every dial . i that ship inside out . i had a lot to prove and i ' t going to let this rare opportunity go to waste . on we our mission . on board of the was me holden and trinity . i ' t really know any of them from before but we were about to get to know each other very well over the next . the first two were kind of boring we just spent the time getting to know one another as we down into the ocean . although everyone was cool i can tell there was a sense of animosity with them towards me . maybe it ' t even intentional and completely subconscious but i could feel it . this was my first mission ever and i was captain ? ! unheard of . trinity and holden had all done serval before but here i was completely unexperienced and their captain . we finally got to our destination and on the th day of the mission we headed out to begin our research . we up and scoured the area for . . . anything really . however we turned up with nothing . in fact the entire area was just one big nothing . . . our would shine into endless dark abyss . so we figured we ' d try again tomorrow at our second location as we would be more west . day we ' re now about west from yesterday ' s location . we up and headed out . this area was a bit different we could see some and some ground . we discovered these strange that had a sharp zig zag shape to it with it ' s coarse texture . . . holden plucked one to take back to the for us to study . that was about it really we ' t see anything else and we were out there for over . as we heading back to the ship something caught my eye . i look below me to find a neon green tail with a circular shape glass ball ending to it behind a rock . me and the team head slowly towards it . we slowly pick up the rock . . . and what we saw well it was the most bizarre creature i have ever seen . . . we ' t have time to examine it though so we quickly took our tank and the creature just in the nick of time . i believe it was somehow injured because it tried to swim away but like it was struggling . inside the ship we all around the tank to examine it . " i have never seen something so ugly in my life " said . " maybe we should name this species the based on his . " holden . " ha ha very funny but look at it it ' s spectacular . . . a neon pink fish with ? . . . and it ' s tail . . . it like this glass ball at the end of it . . . what is that ? " i . " i wonder if its a baby or perhaps fully grown . . . it lost just randomly in the middle of that area of ocean . " trinity said . she was right it did out of place . the location we were searching was quite desolate . . . but then again we ' re very unfamiliar with this area of the ocean . . . " let ' s keep it for a few days and see what " i instructed . " . . . i don ' t think we should do that " holden " why not ? " i . " well we don ' t know what it ' s capable of . . . " " if you ' re suggesting this thing will break this glass tank somehow you ' re very wrong . these are like bulletproof and this tiny fish thing with no will not be capable of that . i think we should leave it here overnight and study it more tomorrow morning . " i said sternly . i mean that was the whole purpose of why we were down here in the first place . . . to study these unknown species . we were all tired and had another long day ahead of us so we all headed to bed . as i was walking down the corridor to my cabinet . . . i a dripping from overhead " a leak ? " i thought . " impossible . . . " i got my other crew and we all determined that in fact somehow someway there was a leak at the upper rear end of the ship . it impossible as the was build extremely well with the best of the best behind it . regardless i made the executive decision to scope it out from outside and see what exactly was causing this problem . everyone to come with me a buddy system but i ' t think i it i was just out the issue . so i and up and headed out as the rest stayed in and me via radio . at first i ' t see anything but as i got closer to the roof of the ship i could see the most tiny hole that to be somehow by a sharp plant or something . there are a few of metal and insulation before it actually through to dripping in the ship . . . so i this was urgent and to be taken care of now . " we need to fix this issue immediately . " i . " this little hole can turn into a tear as we keep going due to the water pressure . " " should we come out and do that now ? " one of them . " yes . get up and bring the proper equipment to fix this . holden you know where the stuff is . " i instructed . " copy " holden . as i continued my investigation for potential other i felt this rumble . a rumble that was very subtle and in the distance . . . but i could feel it . then it stopped . i went back to work not really thinking much of it . . . " eta of when y ' all will be out here ? " i . " " . " copy " i said . then i felt it again . . . but this time the entire ship to shake . . . the rope that was me to the ship was shaking uncontrollably . . . was it an earthquake ? " stay where you ' re at ! earthquake ! ! " i in . " are you captain ! ? " trinity . " yes ! i am heading back inside now . over . " i said . but then what i next shook me to my bone . this god awful screech that i swear could ' left me deaf . i turn around to see . . . it was like the creature we caught except this was about times the size . it ' s staring at me . one eyeball alone was half the size of our ship . . . . i froze . this was it . i . . . we . . . were all about to die . all i kept thinking was we probably it ' s baby and it somehow it back to us . but it was too late this thing . . . this creature was going to devour us all in one gulp . so there i was frozen in fear just staring death in the face and it staring back at me . my radio was going off like crazy with my crew out but i ' t dare move or even speak . after a few the creature turned around and to swim away . i ' t believe it . my life was . until . . . the creature ' s massive tail made a gigantic stroke in the water sending a tsunami like wave towards my direction . it was so intense that the wave sent me in one direction and the ship in the complete opposite resulting in the rope that me to the to rip . it was like in slow motion . i watched the ship disappear into the dark abyss as i was back in the opposite direction and away . my radio was disconnected . i had no way to contact the crew . they were of away from me now . i was officially alone . at the bottom of the ocean . with only so much oxygen left . and this creature not too far away . . . part part part with no life threatening the hospital me later on that evening . the phone in my pocket ' s with and from . honestly by the tone of them she t be too heartbroken if hank t make it back . i sure as won t go back there with those roaming around . no i made my mind up to end this one way or the other . as much as it me i t gone to check on the . not only would it confuse them but there ' s a chance they d be in danger if the other me saw that i was there . what the hell would a like that want with though ? if anything they had to be getting in his way by now . the they could be facing stab at my heart like needle point . i just have to keep going . if i stop long enough to let everything sink in it will fatally absorb me . i can t let that happen . like in the old television and freaky i figure the only way to get out of this mess is the same way i d gotten into it . i need to hunt him down find him and hit him . my car t take long to locate and i feel that i ' m running out of time to save myself . i sit around the corner from my own house cringing inside that someone else was living in it . it ' s tortuous to picture hank s spirit rifling through my drawers my toilet and my . i sit in excruciating wait until he to leave the house without the . i d gotten my first glance i d had at them all week through the window . they look slightly and sullen but otherwise unharmed . i loop my car around a side street on our block knowing it would come back around to the stop sign the other would have to stop at . taking a deep breath i squeeze my shut shove my foot on the gas and t bone him as hard as i possibly can . my mind where it is before my even open . my illuminate with bright hospital room lighting and something extraordinarily off . i haven t back enough of my mental to place exactly what it is yet . and of drill through my subconscious slowly forcing me awake . i think that my medical would be through the roof and jokingly that whatever injury that landed me in there would just kill me and get it over with . i t carry that wit for long . as my mind to recount the of the past week i dreadfully realize precisely what is wrong with me . i have absolutely no feeling from the waist down . the interruption of the doctor into the room is a welcome relief from my . welcome back . barton he . it then to me that he ' d to me by my actual name . i down at my and was beyond elated to actually recognize them . there are a couple of men who would like to talk to you . they re right outside i m going to let them in now for a bit . i be back to check on you soon and we can discuss your prognosis . he gently . my stomach to see two uniformed enter the room the door behind them . good afternoon sir . first of all we want to say that we re sorry for all that you been through . the decedent is available for but the damage on the that this was an intentional hit . the officer a booming voice despite his short stature . the tag on his chest deputy collins . i hold up a weary hand to interrupt him . decedent ? does that mean ? without skipping a beat the deputy . he away on scene sir . tell me does the name henry mean anything to you ? people around here him hank . i shook my head confusedly . as much as i hate to lie to law enforcement if anything came to light later on i can easily blame a head injury or confusion . m maybe he had a medical event at the wheel . i stammer weakly . unfortunately for us we never know . even with an autopsy the damage from the wreck was severe . it s entirely possible you were in the wrong place at the right time . vehicular suicide t all closed and radiator . collins . thank you for your time sir . they leave behind their contact before the room . i can see the silhouette of the doctor on the other side of the door waiting to come in . he to me that i a spinal injury and even with intense physical therapy the of me walking again are slim to none . as much as i ' m sure it will alter my life completely at this moment i ' m just happy to be myself again . after three long in the hospital my ex wife ended up being the one to pick me up and take me home . my insurance company thankfully had covered everything i for my aftercare . brad was a thing of the past and as much as i to hate her i her help to raise our . if she was willing so was i . the first week home i sat on my back patio in my new . the urge to stretch my was unbearable but it t have done me any good . someone could hacked them off and used them for canoe and i t have felt it . the dull roar of the the background my weary soul . i may not have come out whole but i won the battle for my body and soul . i closed my in my . from the back of my brain just above the came a voice . you re not alone i m here too . my stomach causing me to vomit down the front of my shirt helplessly . fear through my heart like a jackhammer with recognition . it was hank s voice . do you know that stage of a scab where it ' s on the verge of off with just the center holding it in place ? as a half the time you would just endure the pain and go ahead and rip it off like the bandage it was only to form a much smaller scab on the portion that was from the flesh . well on the block i grew up on there was a man we the scab collector and somehow he always knew when one of the neighborhood was about to lose one and there he d be ready to pay top dollar . no one knew what he the for but the way he his as he at the scab on your arm or knee lead most to believe he them for a quick snack . whatever the case even as strange as it was none of the to suffer the sting of ripping one off for a quick ten . more for especially if you let him pick them off himself but he only that of he had done business with many times . personally i only did business with him once and i it ever since . i was old when he me for the first time . i had received some long thin scratches from a rose bush . i the day i would get to peel the long crispy off my arm . i d wait until they were completely ready and they would flake off like dry skin . somehow he knew and one day while my and i were at a church near our school he stood in the shadow of the willow tree waving at me to come his way . with fear i as his arm continued to wave while he a smile than a human can stretch showing more gum than teeth . that s the scab collector hector said freeing me from the trance i was in . if you have any about to fall off he give you cash for um . i do it all the time you got any ? i ran my down the thin scratches on my arms at how nonchalant the situation was to him . before i knew it was being in the smiling man ' s direction by hector who acknowledged my scratches saying . those are perfect . hector me within of the man and me forward leaving me and the scab collector alone in the shadow of the willow tree . the shaded cocoon felt like another dimension as this man who i could now tell was extremely old and over his back growing to seven tall before walking towards me with a noticeable limp . i could hear his body as it to walk making its way towards me . the and breathing of fatigue stopped as he stood over me with that gummy grin . i see you have some scratches on your arm . i will gladly pay you for the . he said with a broken voice . the way he at them sent down my spine . i was frozen . how does twenty sound ? he added . he the bill between two and cracked . my heart and as if by reflex i for the end of one scab and peeled up the tip . i down feeling the scab down the length of my arm into a thin strip . i slowly the to the man as he out two trembling . i could feel his on the crispy in my possession and when i them into his he let out a chuckle that made me jump two back . keeping the momentum i continued walking backward towards my before a leaving my back towards the man as i slipped the bill into my pocket . thanks little boy . i see you around . after or i turned to see the man was nowhere in sight . and when i returned to my they as though i ' t just sell my to an old man behind the church . went by and i saw the man on numerous always from a distance and never on me . i had no so he ' d be talking to another or just standing there waiting to be acknowledged by whatever he was that day . one week during summer vacation while with my i cut my leg pretty bad with a machete . it ' t like a gash but like the skin was shaved wide and deep down to the meat . there was nothing the doctor could do but clean it prevent infection and wrap it up . it was healing fine and by the time i went back home i t even wrapping it up . it had a thick armor like scab that the doctor said healthy and only that i keep clean with water . back at my house i d be lying if i said the scab collector ' t the only thing on my mind . i made the conscious decision to only wear pants so he t approach me . days pass and he to slip out of my mind until i see him on my walk home from school standing in the alleyway between the local flower shop and . he stood and bent waving his arm for me to come his way not that i ever on dealing with him again but i definitely ' t consider it with this scab not this soon . the wound was deep and wide so it had a scab to match . no portion of its diameter was peeling or even on the verge . i kept walking without making eye contact . three later i saw him again standing in the uncovered seating area of the rowing his arm as if to say come sit down have a cup of coffee with me . i don t drink coffee nor did want to suffer the pain the removal of this scab would bring not even for a hundred . i him a second time rounding the corner into my neighborhood . i constantly checked to see if he had me in to which i saw no sign of him . i know all of my pretty well so i to the of one and six to my own entering my back door and up to my second floor room finally able to relax and backed down from the panic attack i was about to have until i out my window i ' t be sure but the black spot stationary at the entrance of my neighborhood just felt like it was looking at me . that night i dreamt of him . i was walking down a desolate city street . no no noise . no people except one . down every alley i in every window at every intersection the scab collector was rowing his arm his gaze burning through my pants leg staring directly at my scab . i rubbed my leg as it to tingle . the longer he the more sensation i felt on my scab . it burned to the point that it felt like a red hot poker being against my flesh . i crouched in pain covering my wound as he his way through the intersection his smile of gum and jagged teeth growing closer as he his . he towards my leg with his cracked and and lifting up my pants leg i wake up in my bed . it s pitch black and my room like an oven like maybe i have a fever . my leg is still on fire . . . i throw my cover and hit the light . the scab collector . he had the tip of my long thick scab in between his crooked yellow teeth . with fear i was helpless as he back not moving an inch . then a low deep chuckle before he the chuck from my body and out my window in a flash as if he were never actually . i out of pain and terror my to rush to my aid . i frantically what and they the . after they i told them the whole story . i told them about the scab collector and how all the sold him myself . i he had been following me and somehow knew about the scab i had kept covered up so religiously and how i woke up to him taking it at first they ' t believe my story but after an investigation and multiple from in the neighborhood the scab collector was put on the county ' s top ten list with a police sketch that sent down my spine . with so many of the same description they drew him exactly as he was . with a terrifyingly wide and gummy smile . even though they never found him i swore to never look at the police sketch again and now later i haven ' t thought of the scab collector once until today . last week my five year old fell off her bike . it was the first time we had to take her to the doctor other than check . the doctor said she was fine and would just have some and that it would heal up nicely . now . . . i can see him out our window . it ' s twelve noon and a beautiful day out and he is down in front of the s bungalow . i can tell he s looking this way . i can tell he ' s looking at this house but not this window . he s looking into the window where my daughter . waiting . . . i recently made a big move . i left my house and decided to start a life out of state . i with someone random i found . his profile normal but i wish he went in more detail when he said that he " art " . " you could have a baller masquerade party . " i said staring at the wall of . the living room wall farthest from the street was lined with eerie that you down all you differently . their expressed more than ' s who blankly daggers at me . he ' t reply to me so i continued " you make these yourself ? " " oh no . they make themselves i ' m just the vessel . " i awkwardly laugh at the joke but he remains stagnant . i peer closer at the mask them rigorously but also to move the conversation along . i must admit the were works of art . each one had a white base by black and or some even had . each vividly what emotion they were in . any detail work was unbelievable any mirrored perfectly every perforation dug the same depth . a few were slightly painted to help express themselves . were red . they had inhuman from their intense or missing . some without . with both open . the one that caught my eye the most was surprisingly basic . white base . red . upward bent . lip tearing smile . it was a theatrical comedy mask . looking into its gave me . it was too real like it was alive sitting there laughing at me . i out to grab it and before i ' d touched it my hand " never touch them . they may " his the roof searching for the right " take a liking to you . " he said showing his disturbingly yellow teeth . i think he was trying to smile but i t call it that . that night i ' t fully unpacked . instead of doing something fun i sat on my phone mindlessly to doze off . outside my door with the help of my phone s light i could make out an outline of something . it was perfectly still . my slowly to the darkness and i could finally see it the comedy mask . it stood at about my height . i ' t make out its body . i assumed the best . " it ' s nice to see you have a sense of humor but i ' m not comfortable with this . " no quickly the mask upside down the sound of cracking with the movement . that was well . i gave him an applause for his timing . he bent down to his as if the monster were getting on all . he slowly over to me and speeding up . he must actually be on all . the commitment i thought . i quickly why i could see the black paint in this darkness until i saw its slowly crawl up the side of its mask the smile out more . it like dry on even drier skin forcing it to rip . it s in a full out sprint if it was human that ' d be impossible . i frantically thought . i out my bed and shut the door . i hear it against the wood . i locked the door right before it the handle . then there was nothing . just when i was feeling safe the sound of it s smile getting and tore through my . then it softly . so soft it could have been mistaken as a whimper but i knew what face it had on . i it laughing in my sleep that night . i woke up and badly to believe i dreamt it all . i creek open the door and nothing there . the wood on the outside had an upside down smile on it s now base . i made my way to ' s room it only had a workbench inside . he sat and blankly at it . " the comedy mask i think " " oh yes you saw him . he his . " that day i back to to live with my . if you live in eerie i ' m looking to move back up there . just please show me of your art before i move in . the of chester abstract ' s disappearing crying family black return to chester are the of sam . they will be posted in chronological order though they can for the most part be read in any . for your benefit i am only posting the where we unusual phenomena . for every noteworthy one there were many more . as the are a haphazard combination of and personal memory i am going to write them out in a more narrative format to make them easier to digest . however these are not all the in them are completely factual to the best of my knowledge . of some have been to protect you from yourself . sammy would have me to share these and so i do . in loving memory of . you will never be forgotten . neither of us had been certain how he acquired sam s personal address but after half a dozen fruitless over several she was clearly getting desperate for success . the had been short just a few for our help and a phone number . the brief and cold call t reveal much more but sam said he had told her that the crying lady t leave him alone . i t really want us to go not without knowing how he had found out what her was at least . part of me suspected sam was giving it out now without telling me . she had though the house was only half a day s drive north . jake and were predisposed so we went alone just the two of us and a few . oh and my gun as always . we d do a hotel and be back by the next day . the early winter air was starting to get crisp even during the day making me wonder if i should buy a van or or something the open topped jeep was great for summertime but maybe t been the best choice for my first and only vehicle in retrospect . the dry desert and grassland eventually gave way to and as we through . a few later with the help of we at the little house on the edge of the . it like one of those old turn of the century style country two with a little porch out front . we both the door together . i had my gun concealed but ready not that i d likely need it . but better safe than sorry when dealing with some of these . a few and no reply . sam tried calling . it took a few but he picked up . they a few i could only hear her side of the conversation and then she hung up . he t live here he said he be here in thirty . we on the porch and took in the area . it was actually a really nice place a remote little clearing surrounded by forest . the kind of place i d imagine retiring to someday with sam . sam was halfway through a cigarette when the truck heading our way . the man who had a long white beard he like some kind of hillbilly wizard in his flannel shirt and jeans . name s thank you for coming so quickly . he extended his hand to sam and then me . you must be then ? i knew pretty much nothing about the guy or why we were there and sam t been able to say much either . he had just her to come without offering much of an explanation . it was part of the reason i was worried . instead of inviting us inside though he had us follow him to a little picnic table around at the back of the house near the . i was for some kind of reason to be said as to why we were there and that was exactly what i got once we were all seated . i m sorry i haven t told you much she to my phone . i was quite sure the only thing we were going to discover that day was mental illness . you all coming all this way a lot to me . so you said something about this lady what s going on ? sam . well she s in the house . that s why we re talking back here . i take you inside in a bit but first i to just ask ya a few if i may ? sam and i had no reason to object . you two been doing this a while ? seen some weird ? just since this year . sam . well pull up your pants cause i got some weird for ya . i get rid of her . do you think you can help me ? i could tell he was hopeful but he still t told us anything yet . so i in . we need to know what exactly this is all about first . acknowledged the point and to explain . like i said she s in the house . on the wall . i tried to get rid of her but she always . she me sometimes just and sobbing . mostly it like just an annoyance but god help you if you overstay your welcome in the house . i still t really understand where this was all going but he went on . i need to sell the place i need the money real bad but i can t while she s still there . she s very particular about her company . he eyed us somewhat suspiciously . you two come alone ? anyone else coming i should know about ? there t so we said as much . anyone know you re here ? a weird question one i t really care for . i lied and said yes . it was a half truth jake and t know exactly where we were just that we were on expedition . probably for the best . . can you introduce us ? sam . of a . but before i do you need to know something . if she t like you we go . he t elaborate on what that meant instead following up with a question . mind if i bum one of those i saw you smoking ? sam out the pack and it plus her lighter . we a few more while he . so she always be crying but you know she s particularly unhappy when she crying blood . then it s time to scram . got it ? i t really at the time but he put out the stub of his cig after sucking it in like a vacuum and then led us to the back door of the old house fumbling with a key and unlocking it . the door as it and we the of a dwelling . it to be an old kitchen somewhat from when the place was originally i but still looking like something out of the . does this place even have power ? i . it s been shut off for a while . nobody can live here and i can t afford for an empty house . sam poked at some random and ancient looking . she s in the living room usually . i was especially confused because he kept saying nobody lived there and yet we were going to meet some old lady who presumably lived there ? i definitely thought he was crazy . we him anyways . yep in her usual spot . was standing right in front of an old black and white photograph of on elderly lady . like it might have been from the eighteen bordered by a large circular wooden frame . it hung on the rather plain wall . sam . my t doing great either this place had not been and the dusty air was aggravating . we both the old picture . there was water along the bottom of the frame . in fact i could now see the wood was deeply by it . this is her ? i . there was no way this ancient woman could still be alive . where is she ? upstairs ? sam touched the wet surface of the photograph and tasted it much to my disgust . it s salty . . she s long dead my great great . she in the photo now . . i recall how much i the and ghostly back then like it were yesterday . those swaying we had seen at the mine still me the out . hopefully this one would turn out to be nothing . you said she you ? sam the stranger . pretty much every day sometimes every other . never a word just weeps into the phone . have to up on her . i guess i feel bad doing it . he like he t give a though . uncertain what was of us i the question which had been on my mind almost since he us . what do you want us to do ? why are we here ? sam rubbed her across the woman s revealing the strange sweat slowly from them . i don t know i just . i don t know what to do . i get her out of here so i can sell the house . i guess i m desperate . he . sam of course enthusiastically accepted even though i was sure she had no idea what she was exactly . we try . can we stay here tonight ? she . typical . i would highly recommend you camp outside if you want to stay . i should have that . i got some sleeping and a tent in the truck though figured you all might want to spend the night and i forgot to tell you to bring and whatnot . i t really mind a hotel would have been nice but we d plenty of times . mind if i stay with you all ? no way i m sleeping in the house but i share a camp with you two if you have me . i got food and other in the truck . we agreed . i would have preferred he t but he t seem dangerous . just old and maybe a bit confused . camp went up behind the house between it and the . he had brought two apparently all of this . much to sam s delight not only was he a smoker but a whisky drinker as well . the two inseparable as they a bottle of jack together . we both to his wild about the house and the old lady . i grew up in the house just me and my ma . great great t so bad back then . i think she ma but she never much for me . once up and and it was just me and myself she drove me out of the place . the old man surprisingly emotionless as he out his story . i tried to put her out in the a few times . always wound up back in the house somewhere . considered burning it but it crying blood as i carried it to the fire and i lost my nerve . honestly i don t have the clue what to do with her . sam had a couple . how did she drive you out ? what does she do exactly ? he t hesitate to continue his tale true or otherwise . oh she can be mean . i was for my life drove off and never back . only been back to do some basic maintenance work and only during the day . i was about to say something but he had more to say himself . the camera continued to film the whole exposition . let me tell you something . don t you go wandering in the after dark . she to take . and don t ever go upstairs that is her private place . she t like . just stay out here at night . he serious . some more idle conversation . so you said you were retired what do you do now ? i just looking for anything to pass the time . hunting mostly . can clean and skin a doe like nobody this side of the . i had never been hunting before i only had a gun at all because it used to be my . we sat around the old wooden table a bit longer before he himself to go piss and fall asleep . he stood at the edge of the swaying back and forth as he drunkenly . his black silhouette me of the at the mine . once he had himself up in his tent i partook in some of the leftover liquor . sam up next to me on the picnic table a little battery powered lamp being our only source of light in the cool dark evening . as soon as he was snoring loudly she sprung it on me . i m horny go have sex in the house . we can check it out while we re in there . of course . wow that s such a profoundly stupid and terrible idea sam . not to mention disrespectful . i t resist biting back with sarcasm . i suppose we should do it upstairs and then go for a walk in the when we re done . i could swear the girl mistook all of his as . probably intentionally just to annoy me . she had me by the crotch though figuratively at least and was giving me those . don t be a pussy i already have one of those . never really a say in these i gave in when she made it clear she was going to go with or without me . as always . we crept in through the back door and i took extra care to close it slowly and avoid the creak it had made . we had the lamp with us but it still felt nauseatingly dark . the kitchen was scoured first . nothing in the of course as there was no power . some old were in some of the as well as a full set of and cutlery . nothing worth . the living room was next . it s gone . sam it first . where the old black and white photo had been hanging there was now just an empty nail on which it had presumably dwelled . where do you think it went ? she whispered . i know that back when she it i t have any sort of answer . i should have just taken its absence as a big reason to get the hell back to our tent . but sam s subtle and stubborn charisma kept me going despite everything my brain was screaming at me . i almost when she going upstairs but decided there was no point . i had to bring my camera at least and silently the place with the night vision setting as we together . it was a pretty normal looking hallway up top . a few on either side and what to be a bathroom at the end . the were into one by one as we . once we had been through them all it clear there was little besides some old and furniture . sam took the opportunity to corner me in the dark . apparently she t lying about being horny after all . sam more or less dragged me to one of the and we a brief and questionable intercourse . it was a bit hard for me to get into it in that old house but hey i m a guy . sometimes a dick a will of its own . i was just starting to lose myself in her when she stopped blue me . i my to see what was going on and saw her looking at the wall in the dim light of the electric lantern . and there it was hung on said wall . it was like it was watching us . the . sammy disengaged me and went over to it leaving me uncomfortably erect on the bed . it like the photo was staring right at me just as a consequence of the angle but it made me incredibly embarrassed regardless don t touch it ! i nearly but of course she did . it s crying blood . like he said . she had it on her . i could see the red going down from the old lady s just as well as sam could even as she spoke it . sam i told you this was a stupid idea . let s get back to the tent . i was already getting my pants back on any sensuality in the moment long since lost . she t seem afraid though . i wonder why she s crying ? she . i t sure it why . maybe because we her privacy and had sex in the one place specifically told us not to go . just maybe ? i m still not sure how i to let her drag me into these of blatantly ridiculous so frequently back then . once we were downstairs again sam to do another search of the floor . we t really it beyond the kitchen and the living room . i tried to suggest it could wait until morning but she just went about her merry way a small room with a couple old and an antique looking television . not much else to be found in there her next discovery was a downstairs bathroom . the drug cabinet had some forty aspirin and in it and a few but otherwise the place was empty as well . there t even a shower curtain . the last door she tried was locked . it was directly behind the . it s either a closet or down to a basement . nothing else it could be . i was quite certain as i said it . i could also nearly read her . no we re not breaking it open . i stopped her before she could suggest it . much to my relief i eventually got her to head back to the tent with me . the old man was still snoring in his own oblivious to our little excursion . i fell asleep pretty quickly despite the quality of the padding he had given us to lay on . it felt like only had when he woke us though i could tell from the light that it was morning . i remember the anger in his voice being the first thing i . i told you all not to go upstairs . i may be old but you think i m a fool ? we both into our clothes and out of the tent as fast as we could . old man was standing right outside arms crossed and a furious look on him . he for us to fully assemble in front of him our hair still a mess from a night of tossing and turning . it was a mistake to ask you two to come i knew you t be . he was now just rambling at himself as much as us . i gave sam an angry look and she took a figurative step back . i could see it in her she was feeling regret . she tried to make amends . we were just taking a look that s why we re here t it ? he . oh yeah ? like little on her bed more like . definitely looking for something i d say . even as he he was clearly upset . he had begun and i was more than ready for him to just tell us off so we could get the hell out of there . but i had to ask . how did you know ? you were asleep . . . he stopped and me dead in the eye . see i knew you t believe me when i said she was real . she told me everything . she told you ? i t sure i understood . sam finally had to say something . look we were curious i m sorry . we won t do it again . she but then her thought . do you want us to help you with this or not ? she wore her guilt on her sleeve even as she tried to sound confident . t respond immediately but i had other on my mind . he could talk with her ? and he was still trying to get rid of her ? how do you two speak ? he at me for a few . i already told you she me . i thought you said she just though ? usually . sometimes she say a few . especially if she s distressed . you all to do a bang up job of her off after a tad more back and forth down a bit . i on with sam while apparently his day by killing the rest of the jack . so is she actually dangerous ? sam . i mean sure it s a bit creepy crying blood and all that but like what does she do ? i could see from the man s face he was probably still fighting between his desire to talk about it and his desire to tell us to scram . apparently the first set of won and he took a seat across from us still bearing a stern expression . it t her you worry about . it s what s in the basement . once you are down there you re in for it . he took the last swig of the whiskey . you two were lucky last night could have gotten all of us in trouble . think about that you re your at risk sneaking around . you should have just told us . my response just to piss him off even more . god i did ! i told you not to go in there at night . i thought i was dealing with not a bunch of who need hand holding and . we eventually sorted out but his demeanor was never the same toward us after that . he stayed quiet and only spoke when he had something specific to say . he us around the house again but just the downstairs . the photo was back on the wall in the living room . he gave us a nasty look as he the blood off the frame . a bit later he in more detail all the he had tried so far . an exorcist . throwing out the photo . it to the salvation army . locking it in a safe . the only thing he t tried was it . i remember wondering why . honestly i m of her . not lie . i what would happen if i put the torch to that thing but i know she it out for me . she s seen too much . i thought you said she to you almost every day ? i . oh yeah and t have a nice word to say either . honestly she my life a living hell . and trust me i know a thing or two about such . weird comment . sam had a question . so what now ? i guess we could try taking it with us ? see if we could find anything out about it ? he the idea though . she just wind up back here again like she always does . as we sat in the kitchen i got a call on my phone and put my camera down to answer it . speaking . it was one of my s . he apparently to discuss the company we were setting up under sam and my name to fund our . i told him to call us back later . he for sam s number as well since she was listed as a partner so i gave it to him but the reception was bad . i had to spell it out a few times and then hung up in annoyance . the day dragged on and i t sure what exactly we should do next . like we had mostly seen what there was to see and simply shot down any sam or i had as far as what to do about his problem . it just like a waste of time as weird as it was . sam ended up if it was to go for a walk in the during the day and he fine with it . we made our way together into the . as was typical for the were all short and almost more bushlike than treelike in many . i knew from school though that their size their age most were likely timeless which had been there for of . the hilly countryside was lovely and we made our way to the top of a small hill . from there it was easier to see the which flanked the valley the old man s decrepit house dwelt in . we sat in that spot for a while enjoying the clear day . winter was nearly on us and even this far south we could get some snow from time to time so soaking in that last bit of warmth was a welcome delay of the inevitable . sam s phone rang . i figured it was probably the lawyer . i how much bureaucracy was involved in something that should be so simple we just to be able to open a joint bank account to keep funds in for the group . i t understand why it to be so complicated . hi this is sam . i could hear it even as she had it to her ear . sobbing . sammy gave me a wide eyed look as she put it on . hello ? who is this ? she but the woman on the other end was . i m sure we both knew immediately who it was . that it was the lady from the picture . who else could it have been ? i was pretty good at dealing with strange stuff like this by now but the despair in her voice was unwelcome . it was almost like she was there with us face in mourning over the death of a one or something equally tragic . but when she spoke my heart sank . run ! she between . run ! and then she hung up . we hurriedly made our way back to the house after that . it took about an hour to get there spent mostly in silence . i to talk about what had just but was uncertain what to say . i supposed at the time we could just drive away but i t sure what we were driving away from exactly . the old man was lounging on the equally old picnic table out back when we apparently up to nothing but bird watching . he had seemingly another bottle of whiskey he t revealed the night before and was well into it . i could tell he was already quite drunk . we sat around in silence for a bit as i if i should tell him about the call . sam made the decision for me though . she us . while we were . at sam with a raised eyebrow . oh yeah ? he said it calmly and i t pay much attention to the look of anxiety on his face but i recognize it quite clearly it now . yes she said we should run . why did she say that ? i could tell sam concerned . that was unusual for her . but the tone of the woman s voice had been particularly emotional and i was pretty worked up as well . he was nearly his when he . ah she s like that . always trying to drive me off . probably still mad that you spoiled her bedroom . the old man had so mad about it and now he was just brushing it off like it was nothing . it was odd . what i t understand is how the old lady got sam s phone number . maybe if she is a ghost or whatever they have a sort of afterlife ? the very idea of it made me nearly laugh . it was absurd . then i . the call with the lawyer . if she could see us sex on the bed maybe she could hear me giving the man sam s number ? that had to be it . still it was weird . calling on and all that . i still t understand why we were there since there was no plan whatsoever . we were just wasting the time away with this drunken geezer in the middle of nowhere . i was starting to think it might be time to call it quits when sam another question . what s in the basement ? why is it locked ? two i guess . got deadly serious . now don t go around down there . it s a danger . yeah you said that but in what way ? what s in the basement ? it was quite clear he t like the line of . that s where she the . just don t go down there . you all are here to help me figure out how to get rid of her . the ? are you telling me people have here ? i was incredulous . a few . he stated it like it was nothing at all . well if our goal is to get rid of her we sure as hell t making any obvious progress toward that goal . let ' s just get a fire going and be done with it i m quite sure the thing is flammable . i need to get back home and so does sam . we t really need to be anywhere but i was growing increasingly nervous about everything . in the basement were not something i had up for . sam to disagree though . i don t know we don t know what burning it will do . plus she t seem like she was bad she like she was warning us about something . trying to help . you know what maybe you all are right though . took to his in a wobble . somehow he had half the bottle just since they had up . i been too afraid to try but there s no time like the present . burn that bitch . i don t need her calling . he drunkenly toward the random and foliage . them in an empty patch of dirt near the edge of the forest . sam it might be time to just admit defeat and go . the sight of the old man trying to create a fire pit so we could burn a ghost lady s portrait was just a bit too much for me . i t get her warning out of my head . run ! run ! the more i thought about it the more i just to go . we have to see this through . sam tried to reassure me . but i don t think we should burn it . she added . he on it now though a huge stack of and . it t in a while so they were probably a powder keg waiting to ignite . i was pretty sure that even the supernatural aside this was probably a bad idea just from a fire safety management perspective . i decided to chip in and help remove some of the foliage around the pile a small buffer area . at least we t all burn to death in a wildfire if we actually decided to go through with this . as went to go get a can of gasoline from the back of his truck i made my way over to sam to talk through my tumultuous . i think i my mind as well . we t let him do this . at least not while he s drunk . she agreed and we him as he made his way back red plastic container in one hand wood splitting axe in the other . but not before i gave sam my pistol just in case anything weird if we did end up burning the photograph . i think you should wait until you re sober . i told him as we . he just at me blankly . boy you know how many times i tried to do this sober ? it t happen . she the ever living out of me . won t shut up . seriously i do it for you if that s what it just sober up first . he was hesitant but after some persuasion he reluctantly agreed and we spent the few of daylight him sleep off the liquor . hypocritically sam drinking . i might have done a shot or two myself as we . i want to go in the basement . she eventually . not a god damned chance . if that lady was dangerous there was no way i was going to let sam just wander down there . sometimes i if i could even trust her to cross a street safely . we decided to check out the photo a bit more while we . it was still hanging on that same wall in the living room . wet still pouring from the of the portrait any explanation i could conjure . the two of us just sat on the sofa opposed to it for a while on its origin and nature . we should call her again . sam just it out . i t even considered the fact that we technically had the number she had us from on her phone . would that even work ? i t have to wonder for long sammy had her phone out right away and had the dial button on the last number in her incoming call list . i with anticipation as it rang . i t entirely when we got a number not in service message in return . it was an interesting idea though . when we got back outside i to track down a shovel and digging out the area around the pile of sticks jenkin s had . as dry as it was this really was a bad idea . we d have to talk the old man out of it . why was he so eager all of the sudden ? he woke up a couple later right as a brilliant sunset to dominate the horizon . and i worked on the fire pit a bit more while i tried to convince him to reconsider . i even to chop it up with the axe instead . no way that old witch is burn . he insistent . we had the fire going as it to get dark . i was pretty confident at this point that at least we t going to accidentally start a forest fire . went inside and came out with the photograph sam and i both watched with anticipation as he carried it toward the small bonfire . it s crying blood again . sam stated as he by . her . his reply was terse and dismissive . the sound of sam s phone ringing the quiet crackling of the fire . she . hello ? . we could all hear the sobbing coming through the phone . it was her . sam put it on speaker so we could all hear but she just cried and cried for several . up on her . let ' s get this over with . to move toward the fire again . but her were startling . run ! he my granddaughter . run ! the old man as he the and he the old photo right into the fire . the blood screaming which immediately to emanate from sam s phone was as as it was surprising . it like the woman was being burned alive . sam and i were both frozen trying to make sense of everything . in retrospect i stood there too long . it was only when i saw the look of terror in sam s that i turning my back to the old man had been a grave error . ! sam s cry was the last thing i remember before i felt my skull split open . i don t remember much after that everything went black . at least until the gunshot woke me . i had never been in so much pain before . it was like the worst migraine imaginable . but i was apparently alive . feeling the back of my head i instantly doing so . the spot where the axe had struck was obvious even if it t very deep . it must have been quite dull or i quite lucky . another gunshot . it was coming from inside the house . i my way there . where was sam i ? i instinctively went for my gun but it t there . it was hard to remember anything through the excruciating pain through my brain but i did recall i had given it to her . my me as i the old house . it took a moment to orient myself in the dark within . once my had though i saw it . the basement door was open . i went back out and the shovel then the dark descension down into the abyss . there was a light at the bottom of the it . i could hear crying . it was sam . thank god . i ran down as fast as i could and found her weeping her out in the corner . and i t entirely to see jenkin s body laying across the room a small pool of blood from his head where he had been shot . sammy are you ? i ran over and tried to comfort her the shovel as i did . my own agony immaterial in that moment . i had to kill him . i had never seen her cry like this before . i t have a choice . i had to . it s . it s going to be . i tried to be reassuring but i knew i probably to go to a hospital soon as my vision spun and my head . i d only later find out that i had experienced a mild concussion . he said he was going to kill me slowly . her continued . i thought you were dead . we each other close for a while before she to calm down . you re hurt . we need to call an ambulance . sam immediately out her phone and . while the police and made their way to the remote house i sat and my aching skull while sam the basement . i t even anything about the room when i had first it i had been so on her and the body of the old man . it was only when i to look around that the true horror of the place on me . the cage in the corner . the wrist hanging from the ceiling . the camera in another corner . and the icebox in yet another . what the had he been doing down here ? i was sure i t want to know . but curiosity got the best of me . when i the freezer i stood in silence for a while as i at the dismembered skinless body inside . it was impossible to tell how many people were in there . i would later find out it was at least four . it was sam though who the . old style . each one had a name written on it in . sam picked one at random and took it to the camera . it had a little pop out display . sammy don t . i t stop her but i had no desire to see whatever was on it . but i could hear it . the screaming me immediately of the the old lady made when had thrown her portrait in the fire . i could see sam put her over her mouth and she crying again . the got even more intense and she suddenly like she was about to vomit . i ran over to her as she in the corner . turn it off ! she . i almost took a glance at the screen before thinking better of it . i ended the horrible noise instead . going over and kneeling next to her and we were both quiet for some time . . . aside from her . eventually she produced some trembling . how could anyone be so cruel ? i t have an answer . i t seen what she had . and i never her about it . i t want to know what was on that tape . the sticker said her name was . she cried the . i m not sure why she felt to say it . maybe it as some kind of little memorial in sam s mind . the police eventually and i was off to the nearest emergency room sam to the police station to answer . apparently i was lucky as hell to have . no serious brain damage as far as they could tell but i still get nasty to this day . we t do at all for a while after that mostly just away in my apartment together . eventually though after most of the winter had we to talk about what had again . even if just a little . if you t given me your gun i would have been on one of those . it was a sobering and frightening thought . i was no gun enthusiast but i myself we d go get her a pistol and a concealed carry permit as soon as we could . after all that and other almost tame . i could deal with and . none of it was nearly as frightening as what i had seen in that hopeless basement . and to think we had spent the night in a tent right next to the man . i had come to realize that the thing in the world was other people . or so i had thought at the time at least . experience is a strange mistress and in those i was certain i d never encounter anything as disturbing or terrible than the truth about that psychopath and what he had been doing . but that s just the way these go you never really know something until you know it . after our long break we doing again . some of which would eventually come to make this incident look like child ' s play . but i t know that until later . time clarity . even time t answer all my though . i understand now why he to be rid of the old lady but why had the old man us out to do something he could have done himself ? maybe he was just looking for more . i never know . but i did know one thing at the time i remember quite clearly . i knew why the old lady had been crying . she had seen a lot . these are to sammy . i miss you so much . thanks for all the and . i m doing fine just to let everyone know i be doing great in no time . the last hunt was fine it was a little crazy but it turned out great . i been hunting for as long as i can remember but it s been a while since i seen a bear . they re far worse than the or the . maybe some other time i let you all know about the time i was hunting the in . that s what the call the hyena . anyway back to the berserk . yeah that s what i m calling the that shift into . berserk literally bear shirt so that s fitting . i got the call from an old buddy of mine . something two of his . were deliberately . their chest had been crushed with the hearts missing the missing and torn off thigh . one would think it might been done ritualistically . it was certainly calculated . the missing of the had been turned into someone s meal . local can t do that nor would they . don t like and during the summer there s no reason for them to get close to civilization . from the description gave me . i figured his farm had a shifter roaming around . i my rifle and a machete and set off to hals four away . not too far should have been a simple job since i know his farm like the back of my hand . i thought it was going to be far easier than it ended up being . i thought it was going to be arrive find the shifter shoot it straight between the and take the head as a trophy . the job turned out a little more complicated . by the time i at s a four men group was there zombie whatever they call themselves . i t bother with them . i don t like their stock . i met a few always condescending pricks and notorious for thinking every freak of nature is a walking corpse . never seen a zombie myself and i seen many mind you . i don t doubt they exist but they re probably very rare . this was definitely not one of them . the local sheriff was there too . he was familiar with me and i guess the too . while he t seem to be with them t mind a few more around . i was none too working with these . the man in charge of this troop rob well he was something . he was probably about my age and definitely my size but like t seen a shower or a barber in a decade or so . like it too . if i had been drunk i would have confused him for a werewolf with the amount of hair on his head and face . we had a brief interaction during which he me for not thinking i am hunting . i his with a quirk about never knowing that the undead are into furry . he me off and i told i be doing this thing on my own . i always on my own since my dad retired . it s most convenient that way there s no one to blame but yourself if something goes wrong . have gone wrong in the past . i seen people become dog food i seen people lose . i had to put down mind you shifter but nonetheless . being a shifter to do with one s bloodline it s a genetic thing . while most shifter keep their young at bay you hardly ever see shifter out in the wild . sadly not all are great . it s fairly unpleasant down a child monster or human . telling everyone involved i m heading for the pasture if they need me i headed out away . on some you have to sit for in the same spot until you come across the beast you re hunting . usually they follow your scent and try to turn you into food . other times you to lure them out . i was and his run the shifter straight to me or if i m lucky enough manage to handle it themselves . i sat there for basically hanging out with s cattle . as simple as they are they re very pleasant . the rolled on and sunlight gave way to moonlight . the cattle by then had already headed off to sleep some three hundred from me under a few . the sound of gunfire broke the silence . the must come across the shifter . the gun down soon enough and i left my spot and made my way towards the sound of the commotion . my only concern was that they t chop off the shifter s head . you know to take down a shifter one to incapacitate it . that s best done by shooting it through the head decapitation should follow right after . if the head stays attached to the body the beast . you can forego the shooting if you manage to decapitate it without it but that ' s unlikely . ' t stupid . my concern t unfounded . on my way towards the gang i saw running up towards me . the man had been covered in blood and dirt . i admit this much . i was an to him when i saw him running up to me . he kept mumbling it t a zombie for a good few before catching his breath . i sarcastically so it t a zombie ? while leaning on my rifle with a smug smile on my face . no he his face . told you not all of them are walking you better learn that i . you . it s not the time he back . what was it a wolf ? i getting serious . no . it s a bear . he me dead in the eye when he said that . my head back to childhood i had a lot of fun hunting with my old man but i t encounter a berserk in . i had no time to get nostalgic . his teeth and it the i t get to them in time . i saw it from the distance . it came as an dirty tall man covered in . he too wobbly to be alive even from the distance so they shot him in the head . he fell to the ground seemingly dead . i thought it was the end of it but before i could get back to the it sprang back up and turned into this bear . they all got caught off guard and shot it but the t do anything . it just tore them to . . i tried shooting but . god it was so fast never forget to cut off i t able to finish the sentence before a massive bear . a panda bear ran towards me . pure rage all over its ursine mug . i at to duck and shot . the beast and the bullet its side . it flew at us . was sent tumbling aside and it tackled me to the ground . the beast pinned me in place and did its best to try to bite my face off . i my rifle across its head trying my to not be crushed by the power of this berserk . while this thing like a panda it and felt like a . it even like one . i tried kicking it off but to no avail it was way too heavy . i kept shouting at to shoot the berserk in the head but he was probably out . the beast my chest and arms . in pain i let my guard down for a second and then i felt the vice like grip of the berserk s clamp down on my shoulder . i out in agony and a single shot through the night sky . a huge weight was off my body and the beast to my side completely . i lied there for a few trying to get over the pain that shot from my shoulder and chest . another shot exploded in my i turned to the left to see standing over the fallen berserk with his rifle at its head . i was going to tell him that it s enough but he shot again . i cursed him out before telling him to stop . it took me a few more to get back to my . i could barely stand so i just kind of towards the beast and unsheathed my machete . i could barely chop off its head because both of my arms were hurting . with the head from the body i fell beside the berserk and breathed a sigh of relief . my sadly t over then . i was lucky enough to see pointing his rifle at me . i saw where his had and the machete at him while him out one last time . i t think i ' make it out of there alive but frankly i had no . s rifle fired off into the air and a soft thump a millisecond later . i was still alive after that . my machete hit him in the head and him out cold . they re not infectious you stupid necrophile was the last thing i said to his unconscious body before i headed towards s . the were and the ground beneath their in a nervous circular march . i blamed it on . i hope at least one cow on him or him or something . i m mostly fine my arm is a little useless for now but it heal and the scratches are healing just fine . i m never working with the again . i swear if i see any of these again i m giving up on that hunt . one last thing always remember that even though they re cute to look at giant are giant . i awoke to the of the chirping high above and the soft of fir as the breeze rushed by . my strained to open as the morning sunlight in through the mesh of my tent . it had gotten far too cold last night to sleep without the rain fly on . the thin fabric little insulation but any extra was welcome to help fight against the cloudless night sky . it was dawn on the third day of my six day trip and each night had gotten consecutively colder than the last . the previous night had below freezing as a fine layer of glittering frost the of the long cast by the . in the relative warmth of my sleeping bag for as long as possible i all of my layered gear for the day s hike . warm dry from my bag had become my best on this adventure as they would inevitably save my from countless during the fourteen mile stretch i to cover to keep on pace . it would be hard going through the dense forest and rocky but would be manageable before sundown . as i out of my tent i all my to chase away the last of sleep and of fatigue from the previous days . lighting the burner for my small portable stove i to break down camp while i for some water to boil . neither would take long but i felt oddly anxious to get on with the day . once the tent and bedding were and a meagre meal of with hash was eaten i to set off towards the east like each morning before . the day itself to be truly beautiful . as the sun came fully over the ahead the world with the soft warm light that so often spring mornings . lazily floating dust and pollen suspended in the air the golden yellow to be caught as they through the canopy . as the morning small purple and white to open up dancing gracefully back and forth in the small of wind that wound their way through the valley . all of this natural beauty surrounded me and yet i still t shake that sense of anxiety from breakfast . i thought on it for a while as i over gentle and across a shallow stream that was likely snow runoff from the . while such as my work social life or even could produce anxiety in my normal life once i had set out on this journey they had all fallen away . i felt beholden to no one and nothing except myself . was this feeling a simple regression of those everyday ? no this was something . those were abstract and distant this felt much more immediate . it was almost comparable to the feeling of being when traveling through the city at night . the of some unseen predator my every move perfectly content to stay in the proverbial and observe . without conscious thought my pace . my to dart from tree to tree and from rock to stump in an effort to catch some small flash of movement . this state of being completely on edge continued to escalate in minor until i was almost running through the . it as if at any moment my invisible pursuer would leap out and strike . i nearly let out a cry as a small brown squirrel by my flee ran across the path in front of me . coming to a stop i took a moment to catch my breath and to tell myself that i was being ridiculous . the only out here that would actively hunt a human would be a cougar or a bear and neither had been spotted in the area for . as for another person i t seen a single one since the check in at the ranger station during the first day of my trip . it was completely irrational to think that there was someone else who had randomly crossed my path let alone that person be some deranged menace . while all of these i told myself logical a hint of that nagging dread in the back of my mind . it took me a long moment to decide whether or not to turn back but eventually i fell victim to my original temptation to hike the valley and explore nature . the rest of the afternoon proved to be rather uneventful . other than the occasional bird song or increasingly brisk breeze there had been no to the peacefulness of the hike . early evening was already beginning to take hold of the world and while the sun had been shining for i could see heavy black creeping over the . this gave me significant cause for concern as i t any this late in the season and the in this area were well known for their brutal . the sun had just to sink behind the and looming when i first to hear a noise . it was distant and farther into the valley than i had gotten . it was so far off and faint that i had to pause for a moment to see whether or not it was real or just another trick of my imagination . with my silenced there was no longer the crunching of leaves and underbrush or the snapping of small . had i not been so engrossed in waiting to see if it came again i might not have the complete and utter silence that had fallen over the wildlife . no in the cool evening air and no around my with their constant . the quiet unnerved me as it there was always a subtle background noise to nature . trying to brush away the feeling i for what felt like an eternity with my trained for the indication of what now like an sound . almost ready to continue on and find a good place to hunker down for the night i snapped back to attention when a soft breeze carried the hint of the sound again . the and wind did much to mask it but it was there . filtering through the and across the rugged landscape came the distant of a scream . the notion of setting up camp for the night i to run into the . there had been such a dire sound of pain and terror in that voice that it sent down my spine . charging through the over and i to shout as loudly as i could manage . i hear you ! i m coming ! whoever this person was i knew in that moment that they desperately help and i had to find them . i kept shouting as i through the densely covered forest floor and the kept coming . a million possible through my head as i went . had another hiker gotten injured and stuck out here ? maybe someone had been climbing amongst the the area and had become trapped under one ? while predatory t been spotted here that t mean they t be here . as the thought of an animal attack crossed my mind i for only a moment to draw out the large knife i kept strapped to my belt . if it really was a wild animal i would have to be ready to fight back if there was any hope of saving this person s life . after what felt like an eternity i burst into a large clearing . the had fallen away in a rough circle leaving a patch of open ground a few hundred in diameter . for a moment i that the significantly closer now . it almost as if the source of the of horror should be within view on the other side of the clearing . i took off again and felt the soft brush of large across my exposed face as i ran . when i had gotten only about fifty from the other side of the clearing a small blonde woman exploded out from the tree line loose another screech . i stopped suddenly and the woman was so intent on that she almost me over despite being significantly small than me . her by the to stop her i was able to get my first good look at her . in any normal situation many would describe her as beautiful . her large strikingly blue were framed by short blonde hair . her milky white skin the perfect addition to her pale until i the dark crimson making down her arm . i at her again and saw that on one side the thick blonde hair was matted down with drying blood and her icy blue were struck wide with terror . five deep gashes ran across her shoulder to be the source of the blood that now ran over my as i her arm . more the length of her thigh though they did not appear to be as deep as the on her shoulder . her clothes were filthy in mud and blood with more than one tear shredding the various . once i had gotten of her she savagely beating at my arms and chest in an attempt to break free of my grip . she again as i weathered the as best as i could and i to try and be over her . hey ! lady ! what the hell is going on ! ? as soon as the left my mouth the assault stopped and her met mine . it s coming she whispered her voice quavering with fear . what s coming ? what did this to you ? i realizing that an animal capable of doing this would be no small threat to us both . i her into the where she had come running from but saw nothing amidst the steadily growing darkness and falling white . the snow had coming down now falling thick enough to obscure the other side of the clearing where i had . it s coming . . . was all the woman could manage the phrase several times before falling silent again . it s alright i . it won t try anything while we re together . like to try and pick off not fight against . i told her trying to sound confident . the faltering waver in my last few the mounting concern i was starting to feel about the situation . come on we need to find a place to take shelter for the night . the snow is starting to come down pretty hard and it s almost pitch black out here . once we re safe i can take a look at your wounds . i said trying to project firmness through my voice . the flashlight from the side of my bag i it on casting a harsh white beam of light at the ground . the woman t respond though she made no effort to resist as i took her hand and leading her back towards the other side of the clearing . night had fully fallen at this point and the snow fell in a constant silent barrage . with the poor visibility and the woman s injured leg our attempt to follow the path of the mad dash i had made was very slow going . what had taken me only a minute to do in my adrenaline state now took us almost thirty . the woman heavily against me and at some i was concerned that i would have to abandon my pack and carry her . small of crimson in our as blood continued to drip from the deep wounds on her shoulder onto the thin layer of pristine snow . i stopped when we had finally made it about one hundred into the on the side of the clearing that i had originally come from . i gave the light to the woman who i on a log while i made camp . she sat motionless and unblinking barely able to hold the flashlight in her shaking . my first order of business was to build a small fire . i was sure that with the torn clothes and moderate loss of blood the young woman was likely freezing . the exhibition of multiple of shock and hypothermia led me to try and engage her while i worked . my name is ted . i said lightly as i used my to ignite the few dry i had found . what s yours ? i for a response while i on the glowing causing them to burn brightly for a moment . silence and i again . a small flame up and i spoke out again as i piling more on . i m glad i was able to find you out here . i haven t seen anyone at all since i left . what were you doing out here ? the light from the growing fire illuminated the face of the woman . her wide at the and despite the chattering of her teeth she made not a sound . i to crouch in front of her and a hand lightly on her uninjured leg . miss ? can you hear me ? i in a quiet voice trying to get her attention . after a moment with no response her away from the fire and met mine . a small nod of her head me that she t completely catatonic . i and as well . good ! i have to keep working to get camp set up before this snow any worse but in the mean time i want you to sit here by the fire and warm up a bit alright ? as soon as i m done we take a look at those wounds . another barely perceptible nod let me know she understood and her back to the fire . i for a moment staring at her with concern before getting up again and my . i added more wood to the fire that the light would keep whatever the hell had her at bay . setting up the tent was something i had grown accustomed to doing by myself and within i had it up . i unrolled my sleeping bag and my bag in the corner before through it to pull out the decently well medical kit i had brought on the trip . while i t on any quite as dire as this i knew that cleaning and the now would be the only way the woman would be able to walk out of here on the day journey back . frowning i thought about how it had taken me a full three days to get this deep into the valley . the added difficulty of helping the wounded woman would make the journey back much longer . the only comfort was that if it took us longer the would come searching for me along the same path i had told them i d be taking when i first checked in . in the morning i d just have to figure out how far i d from that path in my sprint to find her . setting the medical kit beside the sleeping bag i headed back out of the tent and over towards the bloodied woman . miss why don t we head into the tent to do this ? it help keep you warm and dry in there . i said trying to put a half smile on my face . her up to me and a flicker of uncertainty across them as if she was worried this was some cruel trick . i out my hand and after a moment or two of hesitation she timidly took it and me to the tent . i why she now a bit paranoid as we under the flap and she stiffly herself onto the sleeping bag . it must just be part of the shock i thought . she s clearly rattled by whatever out there . the large in the fabric of her clothing made it possible to fully access her wounds without the need to remove any . i some alcohol and to wipe slowly and carefully at the deep gashes running across her shoulder . she away in pain but once i had the area i could see that at least it t still bleeding . i sat for a moment as i at what were the and most odd claw i had ever seen . did a cougar do this to you ? i breaking my away to look over at her face in anticipation of a response . she said nothing and to not even notice that i had spoken . her gaze was fixed on a point straight out of the tent and into the dark forest beyond . the of the fire were reflected bright orange in her wide and a single tear fell down her cheek . a long vibrant red trail marked its passage across her still face . realizing her trauma and head wound may be worse than i originally feared i set back to work cleaning the wounds and . i broke the silence again sometime later as i stood up in the tent . i m going to go feed the fire and keep watch . i be back in a little bit to check on you but if you need anything just call . i be right outside . the girl had drawn her to her chest and sat in the fetal position . her wide eyed stare t since she first sat down aside from the occasional slow blink that would let slip another tear . i had told her she could sleep in my sleeping bag and had the emergency blanket from my pack to take with me outside . giving her one last look i stepped back outside and up the tent . the poor girl had obviously been through a traumatic experience and as much as i t want to leave her alone i some time to process the day s myself . there were so many racing through my head about the logistical facing us the possible and the we now faced . turning around i saw that the snow had its fall from when we first . at least that s a good sign i thought . already an inch had in though the decent enough cover . i sunk heavily to the ground as i for more sticks to add to the small but warm fire . wrapping the thin blanket around myself i finally the gravity of the situation to hit me in full . leaning back against a log i to try to formulate a plan for the next day . it t be easy but we would survive this as long as i could keep a level head and make smart well thought out . one of those was to shove the thought that whatever had done this to her was still out there out of my mind for the time being . after that one i threw a couple more sticks onto the fire and watched as the took hold and grew . harsh white light flooded through my as i squinted them open . the first thing i was the deep bone chilling cold that had my body . black of charcoal sat cold and lifeless surrounded by a thin layer of new snow that covered everything . i sat up stiffly feeling every joint in my body ache . realization struck me as i tried to recall my last i had fallen asleep outside by the fire . the combination of the blanket and the extra wood i had added to the fire made being out the night before bearable . my spot by the fire had been warm the day had been long and the adrenaline had finally worn off . i must have to sleep without even knowing how tired my body and mind truly were . i turned my head to look over to tent ready to call out to the woman and apologize for not in when the icy chill crept from my to every fiber of my soul . the tent was gone . it t been more than five to my left the night before and now in its place say an empty patch of ground devoid of even the snow that covered me . i mouth agape and a new wave of mounting concern to rise as i the line of bare ground extending into the away from where we had set camp . stiff and as i forced myself to my my awakening brain struggling to comprehend the information my provided . while i the line back into the over and over again it finally hit me . these were drag . the tent had been away from camp in the middle of the night and i had somehow slept right through it . sheer panic filled my mind and i willed my frozen to start a stumbling run along the path . as if almost on cue i the all too familiar scream in the distance . my heart was with dread as i as fast as i could following the drag towards the anguished . i m coming ! i back to god that i d be fast enough . the large knife from my belt found its way into my numb and i myself harder ready to fight the animal that was surely near . the kept coming sounding and more urgent with each moment . the came from behind a large rock the path bent around and i as fast as my tired body could manage . as soon as i rounded the corner all stopped . the sight that me brought me to an abrupt halt and i to take it all in . the tent lay flat on the ground its fabric and . a figure lay near it unmoving and partially covered in a thin blanket of snow . something was different though . the snow near the figure t the pristine white sheet that had so covered me back at the . it was a dark crimson robe that radiated out in all . it the snow a heavy red with long leading away from the body and tiny dotting the surroundings . i rushed towards the body of the woman unsure if i would be too late to save her . in the final few i slipped on a patch of ice and fell to the ground hard . instinctively looking back a realization hit me like a freight train . it t just ice that i had slipped on . it was blood . the snow near the body was heavily laden with it but instead of being the soft mush of wet snow it was frozen solid and slick . i back to the woman laying on the ground next to me and felt bile rise in my throat . staring back at me was a single pale lifeless eye as the rest of her face was covered by a snowy shroud . she had been dead for a long time now and i had been following her impossible all the way from camp . even as i lay unblinking on the cold ground trying to comprehend what was happening that same piercing cry came again . her frozen blue t a bit and yet i still it . the sound me but just led to further confusion when i that it had not come from the dead woman but up above . looking up into the my mouth open in absolute horror . a pale figure crouched on a branch in the tree directly above me . it was completely hairless with dull grey skin that ancient and worn . its were disproportionately long and as though they the wiry strength of a life long predator . each ended in a set of five long and slender knife like and the brownish red of dried blood . a humanoid face down with a squat flat nose and that were soulless black . when my own locked with them it was obvious that it knew i had finally seen it . a wide slash of a mouth split its face a grin . countless needled teeth were exposed and after a long moment they parted to emit a sound that was jarring to my already fragile sanity . instead of some low growl or monstrous snarl it a perfectly identical scream to that of the now dead woman beside me . it was in that moment that it on me that i had been here not by the woman i had saved but by this terrifying thing . snapping out of my trance i myself to my and ran as fast as my would carry me . a heavy thump behind me by another sickeningly exact scream . i t turn to look knowing that the creature had from its perch and was likely giving chase . if i turned i would surely fall and that meant it would catch me and tear me to like it did to the woman who s voice it now used to taunt me . i kept running not for even a moment or in which direction i went . all that in that moment was getting the away from that thing . as i tried to clear a log in front of me my foot slipped back and bent painfully to the side . i fell hard to the ground scrambling to get back to my again as the adrenaline me through the sharp stabbing pain i felt with every step . it grew from a minor inconvenience to a severe detriment as i myself to keep going . i had at least my ankle and it was direly my ability to flee . it felt as though i had been running for when in reality it had likely been much shorter . when it felt as though another step would cause my ankle to give out i to the ground and back against a tree . the had kept coming while i fled but were now much more distant . feeling safe enough to give myself a brief respite i the surrounding area looking for any familiar with which i could orient myself . all i saw were the tall fir in every direction and i knew that i was absolutely lost . my head fell back against the and i up at the canopy feeling . as the in the wind i could make out a rough approximation of the sun s location in the sky . it was still early morning and i knew that this was the start i . my mad dash away from the horrid creature had been headed to the south and all i had to do was change my direction to head west back towards the ranger station . pushing aside the of despair and defeat i myself back to my and set off again . it was slow going but i had to keep moving . the still fairly distant but in my current state i knew it would be gaining ground on me if it my change of course . they sporadically throughout the day always seeming to be coming from a different location . it was still moving and it still me . as darkness fell over the world once again with the coming of night i knew that i t keep going . if i turned on a light it would be easy to find me . if i t have a light there was every likelihood that i would hurt myself more than i currently was . i spotted a small burrow between the of a huge tree and reasoned that this would be as good of a place as any . squeezing myself down as far as i could i sat listening to the night . despite the fact that i felt absolutely exhausted sleep never came . every so often another shrill scream would split the still night air snapping me back to attention . each closer than the last moving back and forth through the . the nature of its slow pace felt almost taunting as if it already knew where i was and could come get me at its leisure . i felt with like a bird being at by a lazy cat before its inevitable demise . as soon as light broke over the to the east i forced my weary body up and forwards . it continued on like that for four more days . each morning i would plod along towards the west as fast as i could manage and each night i would hide and listen to the piercing of that malevolent thing . they slowly drew and as each night i was forced to stop and i knew that there t be much longer before it finally me . that realization came as i down behind another tree amongst a patch of tall . i to cry then as the futility of everything i had done in the last several days came down in a wave . silently fell from my as the again me know my demise crept ever closer . i closed my for just a moment and the cumulative physical emotional and mental strain immediately my drained existence . who maybe it kill me in my sleep and this nightmare can finally be over i mused as my consciousness faded away . i awake feeling a hot breath wash across my face . my shot open and the maw of the creature sat mere away from me . its needle teeth spread wide as it its mouth in a disgusting mockery of a grin and the fetid stench of decay and rotting meat filled my . it its mouth open and shut a few times before loose the scream of the woman it . this time i back . all the pent up fear stress and anger i had felt as this hideous thing me was in one defiant outburst of my own . rage and a need to fight back filled every fiber of my being . in a quick and fluid motion i my knife from my belt and sank it in the creature s chest . i was with a shrill cry of pain and surprise from the wounded thing as well as a spray of thick black blood when i removed the blade . my arm fell again and again the pale grey leather of the thing s chest . i it back off of me and stood as i watched it shriek and thrash amongst the underbrush . i a wide grin as the ground saturated with its blood and it finally grew still . there was a moment of silence in the world before another voice came from ahead of me . my head snapped up to look at its source . holy you him ! came an anguished cry from a tall man wearing a ranger s uniform . drop the knife and get on the ground ! right now ! i at the man as he pointed a pistol at me . where had he come from ? why was he screaming at me ? i down towards the creature laying in the but it was gone . in its place lay a young man wearing a once brown ranger uniform now a deep crimson . my head spun and my vision to grow narrow . the screaming of the ranger and distant . i felt the heavy impact of a bullet slam into my chest and suddenly i was on the ground looking up at the sky . a heavy cloud over the sun and my world went black . a soft and constant was the first thing i aware of . slowly more faded in and i was aware of the low buzz of idle chatter and people working . my heavy cracked open and i saw that i was laying in a small bed with a simple white blanket covering my . my whole body hurt and as i tried to sit up a lance of pain shot through my right side . looking down i saw a large square bandage covering my shoulder and came flooding back to me . trying again to push myself up there was a jangle of metal and my arm stopped suddenly . a sturdy set of connected my wrist to the rail of the bed . the noise caught the attention of a small woman wearing and she hurried off as soon as she saw that i was awake . within a doctor came in and to look me over . he me but i t focus my vision and quickly fell back into the darkness . a rough voice brought me back to the waking world once again . the doctor that had been there only a moment before was by a pair of uniformed . the one to me snapped his a few times and everything to come back into focus . when i could clearly see their and hear the they were saying i them a simple question . what ? the two a glance before one of them came to stand by the side of the bed and up a chair . we were that you d tell us he said sitting down and out a . so the first of many long of . they had me to tell my story and so i gave it to them . every excruciating detail was run through time and time again . they wrote down me to repeat and every word . as the morning light to steal in through the of the small hospital ward they finally left . the medication that the put me on made the world feel fuzzy and time immaterial . it by in a blurry haze and i t keep track of it . many the original the same and getting the same . some time later a man in a black suit came with more and i was finally from that place . i was brought to a courthouse where i stood trial for the of the young woman and the ranger . the jury wasted no time in a verdict of guilty on all and i was given two consecutive life with no possibility of parole . being in a federal penitentiary like it would be the end of the whole ordeal but i was so very wrong . last night as i lay in my cot staring at the ceiling above me i caught the flicker of movement in the corner of my cell . my strained to pierce the inky black but as a cloud in the night sky away from the moon a thin beam of moonlight shone through my window to the outside world . it illuminated a set of needle like teeth from a mouth bent into that sickening rendition of a grin . long sharp along the floor tapping on the concrete before sinking back into the darkness and fading from view . when i was a child the my told me always involved some monster that lived out in the and upon those who were careless in their in nature . back then i that if you were careful and able to make it out of the that you would be safe from the that within . as with many childhood that since . i can now say with absolute certainty that not all live in the . i was i could update you with good news . something like " hey ! we caught the dib and it ' s over ! turns out he was just grumpy and a ! here ' s a silly story about a time i went and a bug ! " unfortunately that ' s not the case . as always here s a guide if you re lost . don t worry i get lost too . last time i found out i was marked for death . lame . i felt i should probably tell my brother though . he ' s been undercover in and they just sent him home . i him if we could do dinner and he said yes . i left chili in the all day and took it over to his house . the high was only degree ' s outside and being used to i was in with the heater going full blast . i know i know . you are probably calling me a but i ' m pretty sure i ' t feel my . the weather had to when i finally made it to his house . our sold him our childhood home when they out and i lived with him for some time until i decided to spread my . he had some garlic bread ready when i got there and we quickly got our bowls and sat down at the table to eat . " so . you tell me what this secret assignment was about ? " i . he raised his at me . " you tell me about your trip to ? " " . you first . " i . he before his spoon down and his . when he nervous he always off to the left and . he did his normal nervous routine before looking back at me . " i ' m thinking of moving . to the bigger city . " he finally said . this caught me off guard and i put my spoon down . he t make these lightly and i knew he must have been thinking this for a while . " i believe i what your secret assignment was about but i feel like this will be hot tea . " i said . " you should have seen it sis . we went undercover to catch trying to meet up with underage . we caught in just one day . one day . that sort of stuff ' t happen here . " he said . one thing about him is he a huge heart and will always help out where he can . " will it make you happy ? " i . " yes . " he said . " then go look at for you to live over there . " " i don ' t like the thought of leaving you alone . and what if i get the call that something to you and i m an hour away ? i m just not sure i can do it . " he said . i gave a nervous laugh . " that call might happen sooner rather then later . " i told him . he again . " what did you do now ? " and i told him . i told him about . i told him she only for people who are marked for death . i told him about . . i told him everything . except that i got really drunk on the plane because i was . " technically we ' re all human so we ' re all marked for death . i ' seen you wiggle out of worse before . i ' m not too worried sis . " he assured me . " i have a feeling she meant a death that ' s sooner rather then later . " i whispered almost to hear myself . " are you ? " he . i and ' t look at him . " you not me my answer . have you told and dad ? " he said . " no they don ' t need to know yet . " i told him . he cracked a smile . " if only they were here to see you now . oh they ' d be so . " he . i ' t help but smile back at him . " they ' re only in new ! stop ! people will think something actually ! " i . we sat in silence for a bit before he that the chili was too spicy . i him a and the conversation led to a much lighter place . like how fast we could kill someone with a spoon . when we were done he told me i could leave my and he ' d get it back to me clean . he said if he left it for me to do it probably ' t get done . i think that was an insult . on my way home i was thinking this would be a nice day . no . nothing . guess what ? life said " my dear ! no . no good day for you . ' the dib unfortunately came after ben . i had just gotten home and was working up the courage to knock on . s door when my phone rang . ben ' s picture up on my phone . " hello ? " i . " i need you . " he said his voice quivering . i could hear the wind whipping in the background . " is everything ? " i instantly headed back to my car . " i ' m at the spot where i my father . and so is he . " he said . " i ' m away . someone might be closer . " i said . " no one but you . please . " unfortunately ben a dirty secret and it s his turn to relive his past . ben was always the quiet in school . he grew up in and not being part of an old family went to the same school i did . i only saw him a few times but i never tried to speak to him . his in childbirth and it was just him and his dad . his dad could usually be at the one bar in town drunk enough to fall off the stool . there were that his dad was abusive but no one could ever get definite proof and ben always stood up for his dad . he d say the were his fault and his dad would joke that he to be wrapped in bubble wrap . one weekend in my th grade year i rode my bike to go see big . he was at the time and t been with the department long . he was put on desk duty for something that probably had to do with him being stubborn and not listening . i in and that almost everyone was gone and there was a van out front . the little police station had two on the right side and a wood counter that the length of the small lobby . the were white tile and the were a shade of white i like to call too pure white . they had multiple talking about the law and and saying cool don t do . i ben sitting on a bench looking a little forlorn . his left eye was swollen shut and he had coming from the slit that should be his eye . he like he a friend and i to be a hero and help people just like my brother . " benjamin right ? we ' re in the same grade . " i said . he up at me and when i at his arm i could see on his wrist . " my dead . " he said . adult me t come up with an answer to that so why would child me be able to ? " oh . i ' m so sorry . do you want to talk about it ? " i . " no . " he said . " . well i go . " i said . i to shuffle away awkwardly before he up at me worried . " will you sit with me ? they left me alone . i don t want to be alone . " he told me . i next to him . i was with and i told him all about and even pretended to be . he eventually to smile at me . unfortunately are naturally curious and will ask whatever question they want to and that s what i did . " how did your eye get ? " i . his smile and he to meet my . " i " he said . " my mommy told me that if you don ' t tell the truth then you ' lose a tooth . " i was swinging my . ben later said i had the most know it all attitude when i said this . " my mommy ' s also dead . " he said . little me had a brilliant idea . you can share my mommy ! she s really pretty and smart and she bought me a sailor moon outfit for last year . i said . someone must have told big that i was there because he a few later . he me what i was doing and i told him i was there for him but i made a new friend . big ' t been standing there long when a woman came in the door . " oh ! are you ? " she . i felt ben shrink a bit next to me . even little me to help this poor boy . " who are you ? " i . the woman at me with a look of disgust . " i am his soul mate . how unfortunate he but no worried ! i ' m here to take you home ! " she said . she had the smile i had ever seen . ben positioned himself right behind me seeking safety for a tiny little girl . " no thank you . this is my best friend and he ' s coming with me . " i told her . " you little bitch ! give me my child ! " she . big got involved now . he of me completely blocking us from this woman ' s view . " ma ' am without a legal right we can ' t release him to you . his next of kin already been notified . " he said . " shut up and go back to your desk . get me a real man to talk to . get me your boss . " she said . big . he in that the woman the boss . out his boss a tiny and beautiful woman . i always thought she was beautiful with the way her chocolate brown skin in the afternoon sun . little me once her if she was actually made from chocolate because she was always so sweet to me and she told big i was . she even kept my favorite on hand for when i stopped in for a visit . she ' s since been to the and from what i she ' s apart one of the biggest drug in . " what to be the problem ? " she . " no no i for the head boss . not you sweetie . " she said . " there to be some mistake . you may call me chief . i run this department . now what to be the problem ? " she repeated . the woman gave her a look of disgust before her . " this is my child . his father left him to me . i ' m taking him home now . " she said . " that ' s perfectly fine ! do you have your id ? " she . " yes . here ! come on sweetie . we should be getting home . " she said . big got in her way . i my hand back and ben took it . what are you doing ? he whispered . mommy always told me to grab her hand if i feel it works for me so and i m not you get . i whispered back . ben my hand . chief checked over the id before it back . " officer please take the to the break room and stay with them . they ' re welcome to anything they find in there . i ' clear this matter up . " chief said . she had the same deadly smile on her face the whole time . big took us to the break room and ben and i our friendship . from that day forward i never him or any other quiet in my classes . i ' d tell him hello every day and would tell people that he just needs a friend . eventually he got more popular then me . he live with his paternal aunt and by high school he was a completely different person ! it ' t until after our original meeting and of therapy sessions that he told me the truth . he and his dad went for a hike at one of the old phosphate mines when he got tired and his dad to stop . his dad told him he was always unappreciative of everything he did for him and he ben in the face . the spot they stopped at just so to have a bit of a cliff . ben in a fit of rage ran towards his dad full speed and him . his dad lost his balance and . he just so to land the wrong or in my opinion right way and cracked his head wide open . ben had constantly for before they to let up . he still he s a murderer even though everyone he t . as we grew up we t out as much . he to find his own footing and i for my own . we different people and unfortunately lost touch until he at . i sped toward the phosphate mines trying to get to my best friend . i was in such a hurry that i ' t grab any . i right next to his car and out . i up the trail which fortunately only took me . i his name when he came into sight . he was sitting on the ground slowly streaming out his face . i ran towards him and around . no one . " hey . ben ? benjamin ? hey . it ' s . it ' s time to go home . " i said . i towards him and gently shook him . he was shaking hard enough that i think he could have an earthquake . it like he got dressed in a rush as he had on a pair of a t shirt ruby got him for his birthday and . his usual messy chocolate brown hair was thrown around by the wind . his skin was cold to the touch and i was concerned about him getting sick . " he ' s right there . he ' s standing right there . " he said looking up at nothing . i was . i ' t know what was going on . i ' t know how to help him . i t want to fail my friend . i did what i thought was best and sat next to him . " hey . there ' s no one there . it ' s cold out here . can we talk about this somewhere else ? " i . ben at me and instantly i could tell something was wrong . his to be clouded over . " you idiot ! he ' s right there ! screaming ! i won ' t let you hurt her like you hurt me ! i ended it once and i ' m not afraid to do it again ! " he . he got off the ground and to throw at the air . i up and stood next to him . " what will it take for you to realize he ' s not there ! " i at him . he turned on me with a fury i ' never seen before . " he ' s right there ! " " ben ! focus . look at me . tune it out like you did . white ' s . " i said . that to get his attention . " he ' s back . " he said his voice cracking . i his hand just like i did all those ago . " hey no no look at me . focus on me . nothing else . we ' re going to get you out of here . where do you see him . can you take me to where he ' s standing ? " i . " i don ' t want to get near him . " he said his darting back to where he was seeing his dad . " let me worry about him . just point me in his direction . trust me . " i told him . he eventually pointed towards a general direction . " he ' s over there . standing in a puddle of blood . " he said . " if i let go right now will you stand right here ? " i . he shook his head . i let go of his hand and towards the general direction . ben ' s head whipped towards where his dad was standing but he ' t move . " what ' s he saying benny ? " i . " the truth . " he said . my heart was pounding and i ' t feel the cold . i all around where i thought he was seeing his dad until he spoke up . " stop . to your right . " he said . i a bit to the right and saw something familiar . another rose however this one had a thorn on it . the thorn had a tiny bit of blood on it and well curiosity the cat . i pricked my finger just the bit . a chill came over me and i up to see ben s dad his skull cracked open . his brain was swollen and out of the giant hole . at his was a small pool of blood soaking the grass beneath him . he was yelling the most vile at ben . you should have instead of your mother . you should have instead of me . he spat . i know . ben said completely broke down . he sat back down seemingly content to let the verbal abuse continue . hey you re even then you were in person . i . he turned on me then . if i could just keep him that would help but my main goal was out a way to get rid of this rose . ah the infamous ! you know you probably saved his life . you t have . he said . i don t blame you if my head was that cracked open i d be envious of too . i said . i picked up a rock and the rose as much as i could . oh . you think that will work ? i can just morph into your nightmare . he . yeah ? you re ugly enough to be my new nightmare . i . i kept smashing the rose as hard as i could but it t working . oh my bear . you have a habit of killing don t you ? said a voice from my past . i up into the face of my dead and gone ex . this time it was my turn to be frozen . his name was and he is unfortunately my dark secret . we were so good together . you were the moon in my life . peaceful . beautiful . he said . his voice sent ice through my and i knew he t hurt me but every nerve in my body was telling me to run . if i ran i knew i t come back and i still had to get ben out of there . i t paying attention to where ben was and almost when i felt a hand slip into mine . i at him and he gave me a small smile . he had two sticks and a handful of leaves . he set them down and trying to make a fire his still shaky . piss off . i said . fake gave me a frown . . you can t tell me you don t miss my on your body . he . his were enough to stop me in my . i felt my body revolting from him . i down the rising vomit and got myself under control . it t matter what to me i just had to get ben out of here . not today satan . i said . i blocked him out as best as i could . i tried smashing the rose while he continued to speak to me . when he it t working he switched back to ben s dad . the second he did ben stopped working and i took over . all he could do was stare at his brain . i had the stupid idea to start singing over him . the only song that came to mind was my favorite . i had just watched the sound of music that day . ben t much of a help but i eventually got the fire lit . as the rose was in the one last time . careful sugar . you may be next . he said right before he . ben got up from where he was sitting and back to his original spot looking towards the small cliff . i t like the look on his face . " what ' s running through your head ? " i . " he was right . " he said . ben to move towards the edge . " that ' s not enough i need to know what you ' re thinking . you ' re me . " i said . ben took off in a sprint . luckily i was closer to the edge then he was . i ran for him to knock him off his path . we in a full sprint and he hit the ground hard . he got back up but the wind was out of me . he made it to the edge first . " ben ! " i . he stopped . i could see him fighting with himself . i got to my and ran towards him . i stood right next to him and his hand . it was dark enough that i ' t see beneath us . " you have to make the choice to not jump right now . but i ' m telling you i will not forgive you if you do because if you do i ' m coming down after you to save your ass and i had a hell of a night and i want to go home . everything he said to you was wrong . don ' t let this ruin the work you ' done . you are not him and never will be . " i told him . he at me and his were starting to fill up with . " i don ' t want to become him . i won t . " he said . " i know . i need you to trust me . i need you to come with me . " i said . we stood at that edge for a bit longer before he finally took a step back . i led the way back to my car . i t think he was in a good state to drive and ruby t mind getting him to his car anyways . " can i stay with you tonight ? " he . " i d rather not be alone tonight either . " i told him . i took him back to my apartment building . he got out of the car and for my hand . i led him into the building and up the . when we . ' s door she out . " dear ! i made too much chocolate mousse ! would you like some ? " she . she gave me a knowing smile . i ' learned that when she me something at a rough point in life to just take it . " we would love some . thank you . " i told her . she gave me of chocolate mousse in bowls and sent us on our way . ben my out of my jacket pocket and unlocked the door . he sat on the couch while i got him a spoon and handed him a cup of mousse . " you know i don ' t trust her . " he said his voice still hollow . " just eat it . " i said . i in a movie while we ate our mousse . ben fell asleep on the couch and i threw a blanket over him . i had the day shift with the next morning and he had the night shift . i shut off the movie and headed for bed . it took me longer then i to fall asleep . i knew what was waiting for me behind my and t want to see it . i was praying whatever . gave us would take care of any . when my alarm went off i woke up well and ready to take on the day . i got dressed and my purse . mentally i was doing well which was shocking . ben was still asleep when i left and i left him a note to lock up when he left . the day went by quick . there was one funeral today and we got the together for the . when shift change came he up like it was no big deal . left as soon as ruby got there . i was filling her in on our tenant when ben in . he ' t look like he got at by his dead dad last night . " ladies ! this wheat ! " he said . ruby rolled her . " it ' s get this bread dingbat . " she corrected him . " we wheat today ! " he said . i told them good luck and ben me to the gate to lock up behind me . " are you really ? " i . he gave me a genuine smile . " yeah . oddly enough i am . thanks ' t enough but thanks . " he said . i had just made it home when i got a text from him . ' also i stole a book and ate the rest of your goldfish . sorry ! ' i a little bit before getting out of the car . he still t told me how he ended up out on the trail . he t talk about it at all except to ask me if i was . oddly enough i am . i m fine . i m worried for one thing though . i m worried people will look at me different . i can feel that he s coming to unearth my secret next so i guess it s time . it s time to tell you about the time i my . . i bought this house about two ago . i saw the about a month after i in . i thought about moving again but i t have the money to do that again so soon . besides it was a great house my dream house and i t going to let a few ruin that for me . beau is the ghost of a young man from the . he usually t bother me he to sulk by the living room staring outside into the front yard . whenever he does speak he me about his wife and how she went missing five before he and was never found . he he himself because he t deal with the heartbreak . he there used to be a barn in the back and he hung himself there . now he s stuck on the property and he never found out what to his wife . i tried looking into it for him when he first told me about her but he was right she from her home and they never figured out where she went or if she was even still alive . i try to have a conversation with him whenever i can although sometimes he t answer me . i learned not to begin a conversation and instead i wait for him to speak . he s pretty easy to talk to and his presence in the house t really bother me . sometimes i don t see him for and then he randomly up again sad and standing in the corner of my living room staring out the window . he flannel and is barefoot with unkempt hair and overgrown facial hair . he he s stuck that way now . i mostly feel bad for him and the fact that there s nothing that i can do to help him now . is the ghost that s stuck on the second floor . she up and down the crying at random times throughout the night . i tried talking to her but all she does is ask me if i know where is . i don t know a and when i tell her this she sobbing even harder . is the most unsettling to look at . i think she was or something even though she t told me this . she a white nightgown that s torn and dirty at the bottom . her are covered in dirt and blood and the bottom half of her nightgown is covered in blood . she s thin and bony with dark under her and that are always falling down her dark skin and onto the collar of the nightgown . her hair is messy and uneven the in the back shorter than the that fall over her left shoulder . i can t tell what time period she s from . for all i know she mere before i in . i tried searching her name when she told me looking for or in the area but i found nothing . she her time walking up and down the hall periodically calling out for and crying . i see her more than i see beau even though she to herself most of the time . i m not really sure she even she s dead and i don t really want to be the one to tell her . i can usually avoid her by sleeping in the guest bedroom on the first floor when she crying in the night . she me on my way down the hall and me if i seen and i always say no which always her to cry harder for a while . i tried to console her but it t work . all she is whoever that is . is by far the most normal and ghost and yet somehow he me in a way that the other two don t . he stays in the basement at all times . i saw him when i went down there to do laundry the first time . he s dressed in a clean grey suit with a red bow tie and shiny dress . he young and in any other situation i might think he was handsome . he a healthy tan in his face and black glasses . he a leather journal and a golden pen in his left hand and sometimes a cigarette in the right . he is silent for the majority of the time but sometimes he me when i walk down into the basement or me how i m doing . he a slight accent that i can t quite place but to me . i try not to talk to him because he me out . i m down there he in the corner of the basement and at me with his intense dark . sometimes he on the old couch that i down there one leg crossed over the other watching me and periodically writing something in his journal . when he does speak he me how i m feeling if i been what i been up to lately . i think he s a therapist or something . that s the only thing that the outfit and the journal and his way of speaking . i don t want to ask him . sometimes i feel like if i spend too much time near him i might die . after a few in the basement with him it to feel like the are in on me . i being to struggle for oxygen even though i m perfectly fine . i get dizzy and and just there watching me and writing in his journal . sometimes i think he this . it s almost like he when i m going to go down into the basement and off to the side waiting for me when i walk down the . i do my best to ignore him . one time i beau about him thinking that maybe he had seen in the house at one point but he t know who i was talking about . he said he t remember a ghost in the basement although he also no idea about which me to believe that the can t or simply don t interact with each other . as time goes on i become more and more unsettled by s presence in my basement . two days ago i went down there to do laundry and t see him . i thought i would be relieved at that but somehow it made me feel worse and since i have a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach . any small sound in the house me nervous and i feel like he s going to appear randomly behind me as i m washing my face in the morning or brushing my teeth right before bed . i worked up the nerve to go back down into the basement today just he was still down there just for my peace of mind . i prefer knowing where he is . i crept down into the basement and right away that it was a lot colder than usual and there was somehow more light down here even though i t the light switch on yet . when i got to the bottom of the i why this was . the door in the far corner of the basement near the couch was wide open in the cold wind and the light from outside . i over to the door and around the small area outside walking up the three and up onto the snow covered sidewalk looking around the . there was no one around and it was completely silent except for the random rustle of leaves . i wrapped my arms around myself and checked the area once more before to turn around and go back inside . as i stepped back something underneath the weight of my foot . i down and saw that there was something on the sidewalk hidden underneath a bit of snow . i bent down and a bit of the show away to see what i had stepped on . i t realize what it was at first but once i did i felt my face flush and i suddenly t feel cold . i felt like i was standing in one hundred degree weather and my and forehead felt sweaty . i down at the familiar golden pen as the sunlight off of it . i around again suddenly feeling like i was being watched and i ran back down the leaving the pen on the . i went back into the basement and shut the door behind me pushing the couch in front of it . i out to slide the chain lock into place but i that the chain was gone and there was no way to lock the door . i back upstairs and closed the door to the basement locking it and wedging one of the kitchen under the doorknob . i inside every room in the house for him but he t there . i closed all the and ran into the living room last walking through beau to shut the in the window that he was standing in front of . what are doing ? he . remember the ghost in the basement that i you about ? huh . well it turns out he s not a ghost . he s real . there was a real stranger in my house almost every day for the last two and i just figured that out today i . why did you think he was a ghost ? beau . well because there are already two in this house so i thought what s one more ? i turned around as i the sound of the mail slot from the outside and something falling in . i slowly towards the slot and it up . s journal was in there . i it and it out carefully opening it slowly something to jump out at me . the journal was filled with short that back when i first in and saw for the first time . there were of some of them a few long and some of them a lot longer and detailed but all about me . what i was wearing that day what i did gross of and me in the laundry room it went on and on . i to the last page feeling sick to my stomach . it was the most recent entry . it was a list titled the dead that of a few dozen . i the page three beau and my own name . i first saw her in the photo of me walking up the aisle . the shot is from behind . the white train of my dress the ground . my blonde hair is rolled up in the silver barrette from his my something . every person in the is turned watching me . except one . a woman in the last row stick straight facing away from the camera . all i can see is the back of her head . straight long black hair flowing down her and ending at her waist . " jeff ? who ' s that ? " jeff over my shoulder . " huh . maybe your cousin ? " " could be but her hair ' t that long . " i forward several . " no can ' t be see ? was wearing a red dress . she ' s wearing black . " i shook my head . " must be someone from your side . " " she ' s sitting on your side though . " " huh . i guess you ' re right . " i the zoom button . her form filled the screen . stick straight black hair . ivory skin . almost impossibly skinny arms . she stood a good distance away from the five other people in the pew my cousin her husband and her three rambunctious . one of whom was their nose . could she be the date of one of my guy ? like jack maybe ? he was always dating a new girl . i quickly brought up his . nope his current had curly hair and a beautiful brown complexion . not her . " i don ' t recognize her . she ' s got to be a wedding crasher . " jeff and i had gotten married three ago . we ' d just gotten our wedding back . i ' d braced myself for that made me look like i had a double chin or of my year old shaking it out on the dance floor but i ' t expect this . " i can ' t believe it . this was our special day . and this she can just come crash it ? " " i ' m sorry jess . " " she could ' had the decency to look at me as i down the aisle at least " i . i away from the photo trying to forget about her and just enjoy the . a few more of the ceremony . she ' t in them . i on the of us and the bridal party my heart glowing . then i got to the reception . she stuck out like a sore thumb . standing there behind the table of my high school . facing away from the camera . standing oddly still . " that ' s her ! " i jabbed the computer screen so hard the image . " well obviously she ' d be at the reception . free food . i ' m she went to the ceremony at all . " i to the next photo . she ' t in it . i breathed a sigh of relief . no wait . i in . my friend sitting at the table had a glass of wine to her . i back to the previous photo . was lifting the glass towards her . " these two were taken within a few of each other . and she ' s just gone ? " jeff . " she probably just got her food and . " i through the next several . she ' t in them . feeling a little bit better i through the rest and landed on a portrait of the two of us standing in the middle of the reception hall . " look at us ! you look beautiful . " " thank " my breath caught in my throat . at the edge of the photo there was a hand touching my shoulder . just the of the the rest out of view . pale thin . not thick ruddy like jeff ' s . i at the computer . my heart in my chest . " jess ? are you ? " his voice so far away . " her " i said softly . " her are on my shoulder . " " what ? " jeff took the squinting at the screen . " that ' s just my hand jess . " " your hand nothing like that . " " how can you even tell ? it ' s just the of the . " " of a woman ' s . " " they ' re obviously my . " " no they ' re not ! " i the from him . forced myself to look at the photo . " look . your arm is going down . like it ' s wrapped around my waist . " " your waist ' t even in the frame . " " yeah but you can tell from the angle ! if your hand was resting on my shoulder like that it would be up more . " " jess . it ' s obviously my hand . " he and wrapped his arms around me . speaking in a tone he said " look someone our wedding . that a lot . but i think you ' re a little . " i shot him a glare . then i out my phone and ' s number . it took three for her to pick up . " ? who was sitting next to you at my wedding ? " " oh hi jess " she said in her slow southern drawl . " oh well you sat us with uncle bob and aunt " " no at the ceremony . " " well i was sitting alone dear . i purposely chose to . ' t want my " anyone . " " no . there was a woman in the same pew as you . tall black hair " " no dear it was just me and will and the . i mean at least i don ' t remember seeing anyone else . " i to another ten then said i had to go . i onto the couch next to jeff my head against his shoulder . jeff over and rubbed my . my closed and my breathing . " don ' t worry about it babe . " don ' t worry about some woman creeping on you at your wedding ? " it ' s all . " i ' t know what was going on but i ' t like jeff ' s tone . the way he was speaking to me like something fragile easily broken . " i ' m going to take a shower " i said getting up from the sofa abruptly . i the bathroom door behind me and to run the water . peeled off my clothes and at myself in the mirror . steam clouded out from the shower and i stepped in . the hot water hit my back running down my body and the stress to fade away . i for the shampoo . scrubbed it in . it out . stood under the stream of water and let it run over my face for . then i turned off the water and to step out . i down and froze . around the bathtub drain was a clump of black hair . before i could react thin cold my shoulder . . i slipped on the wet ceramic my body falling with a painful crack . pain shot through my body like fire . as i myself up grimacing in pain eight repeated in my head . something old something new . something something blue . the silver barrette i from jeff s . the one she i borrow saying it was a family heirloom . that she said jeff s sister to wear and it would mean the world to her if i carried out the tradition . the one that had a few straight black stuck in it . i ' known the light switch girl for all of my life . me and my into this house when i was . for a place with fairly modern the living room was surprisingly outdated . the room was filled with ancient smelt of and the clock in the corner stayed ticking at that annoying slow and steady pace that would drive you crazy . but she was the thing about it . i was very nervous about moving into a new house so i went around very tentatively every feature every little speck of dust . kitchen safe . hallway safe . but the living room . . . not so much . i in feeling around on the old sofa and the dust stinging my as it up from the . i felt around but nothing threw up my sensor . then i turned off the . darkness . almost like a vacuum sucking up every bit of light that the room straight into the inky black abyss that would make even the most soulless of quake in their boots . and she stood in the middle . like a statue with over her body shaky breathing being drawn into her mouth as she at me through her scraggly hair with cold and dead . i out the room and babbling to my about a ghost girl in the living room . of course since i was old mum and dad just assumed that my overactive imagination had me seeing in a room that a little bit out of place in an otherwise normal place . the went by and you would never see that room dark with me near the house . whenever i was made to turn them off i would just pretend that silly old me had forgotten to do it . until a year ago when i was . my were going out for a date night and before they left my dad turned to me and said " listen here . if we come home and those are on you are going to wake up tomorrow and be very very sorry . you ' re . grow the up . " with that he the sickness getting the better of him and mum and dad left . i sat in my room for most of the night and sure enough i had to go to bed . kitchen off hallway off . then the living room . now it was filled with more of the family . my family and some that i did of the room . but the old style since my ' t to refurbish it . i the switch and that all darkness me again and she was there . but this time she a sign reading " hi . " that made me do a double take . i was not some mythical being to introduce themselves with " hi . " maybe a " hello " or a " bring me food mortal " but never hi ! in my panic i quickly switched the light back on and the darkness as quickly as it ghost girl included . but that sign had put me off . maybe she ' t as bad as i had made her out to be ? i back into the room and switched the light off . the glow was up and she was there . this time she a note in her hand . i ever so slowly over to her nervous that she would bite my head off and really slowly out at maximum distance from her to carefully take the note from her . so far so good . the note read " this been the first time in a while that i ' seen somebody else . i miss the company . my name ' t necessary and neither is yours nice to meet you . if you were trapped in a cage for how long with nobody to talk to i guess becoming one with the darkness is to be . i can ' t move but i can hear you and i can communicate with you through the . i won ' t hurt you . yours unnecessary name . " i up at her her same gaunt boring a hole through my into my heart . " why are you here unnecessary name ? " i . flick . flick . " it ' s too late to try and save me but i might tell you eventually . " " well then unnecessary name i don ' t need to talk to you . i ' got . " i heading for the door . " please ! " she up behind me blocking my exit with a note in her hand . " just stay ? it ' s been so long since i got to talk to somebody . " with that i turned back around and for the light switch . flick . flick . with that me and her friendship . i ' d speak flick the switch and she ' d appear note in hand . i ' d read flick the switch and speak . rinse and repeat until . . . forever . she never gave me her name so i just her short for unnecessary . she was and music when i that i perfect by and when the light turned off i swear i saw a tear roll down her cheek . but she the . all of those little beaming down when she got to see them they her that her story was just an insignificant pen tap on the earth . it felt comforting to her that everything she was going through was so tiny in the grand scheme of . we and life went on . until i got a . was great . she made me laugh like no other person paranormal or otherwise did . her beautiful hair over her bright and shining like a golden curtain over a blue sky and her smile was enough to make the most depressed of people ' s heart jump . we met at music class and fast . she me through my dying and juggling final and paying for the house she was just the best person i could ask for . so when i her out and she with yes i around the room whooping and jeering . we went on a date and she was very excited to meet . so once we finished our food she and i headed back to my house . we went into the house and into the sitting room . " ! there ' s someone i ' d like you to meet ! " i into the room . off . she stood in the middle but she mad . her daggers straight into and the back on . " ? " . " are you there ? " flick . she was there . still staring into . flick flick . closer to . still fuming . . closer again . the pace of the light epileptic and every cycle put her closer and closer to . . ' s hand out to grab her . . . and she her into the abyss . was screaming as she was into the darkness . when the were on i saw when off . i saw grab a knife each change in illumination her closer and closer to her . raised her hand over . . . and she away . each flicker more blood more smelling more foul . piled out of her body as every limb from her torso and blood out from each time brought the knife down as i watched unable to move unable to speak unable to breathe . i out watching her being to death . when i came to i saw the body or whatever you could call it piled into the living room . blood and staining every single surface in the room . " ! " i out reaching for the light . . . she in front of me finger brought up to her with her . and holding a sign . " i did it for you . " the came back on once again and and what was left of were gone . drip . . . drip . . . drip . . . all i hear is the sound of water dripping down the well . drip . . . drip . . . drip . . . the water down my face . i feel the presence wrapping itself around me thing going dark for me . i fall down to the ground as go black and as it a light . i awake in my bed ready for the day or as ready as i can be . i brush my take my shower brush my teeth head off to work . i ' t know how my day would become so different . i get off work around in the afternoon and today was no different . i did stop by my old house on the way home which was a first ever since i lost my family . it was something i never knew i could do . crash ! the door down as a crazed man on comes in he goes after my daughter first it ' t long and then he my wife out on the bed . i came home to the horrible scene i was a suspect for a year until the man . i look in the and spot a well i decide to peek inside it ' s been closed off since before we ever in . i the top of the well inside . there ' t seem to be a bottom i decided to drop a rock i could hear the familiar sound of it the dirt . its apparently all dried up . i threw in a coin got down on my and i wished so hard " please all i wish for is for my family to be back . i can ' t live without them ! " . i stood up my and quickly and forcefully i was by someone . i fell to the bottom of the well and woke up later later in the night . immediately about my family . it was no longer my . " go to hell ! " i hear by a loud thud and a screaming child my child soon the faded away and was by my wife screaming as the man " i ' m going to enjoy this i am so ! " and i could hear her struggle . " stop ! please stop " i beg loudly . i fell to my sobbing " please ! i don ' t know how you are doing this but please stop ! " . then i laughter surrounding me by scratching on the stone . " sadness and sorrow is all the you " the voice as i feel a cold touch rub against my back . there was a darkness surrounding me than the blackness i was in already . it was so much colder and felt wrong . i felt a colder feeling on my neck as the whispery echo filled my " they are gone you ' t save them . you are just as responsible for their as he was . " the voice was right . i should have them but i . i as a husband and as a father . this is what i deserve ! it ' t look like my torture is over yet as i my i saw in a shimmery and light image something that like from an old tape i saw all the times me and my family had . my stomach sunk lower as my face grew wet with . i want to die i can ' t handle the pain any more it hurt so bad seeing them again especially knowing i can ' t feel them . i towards them but as i did the i saw the man and everything he did that the police did not tell me . i to throw up heavily i threw up until i fell i felt everything get colder . drip . . . drip . . . drip . . . the water fell on my face and i woke up . the darkness wrapped itself around me i could tell he was with the torture . as i felt it ' s arms around me i felt everything growing . the next thing i remember was a sound . " hey ! we are searching the property . we that you have been here and everyone been looking for you . " i turned away " i ' m not falling for it ! " i say . the men a ladder down and me get up " get you to the hospital son " the helping me in . i spent the next month in the hospital and a psychiatric facility . they tried telling me everything was just my grief and a psychological break . i decided to call the police department and stop by to ask some . i about what i saw what the man did to my wife and child . the detective worried and me to a quiet space and that because of the distressed state they felt it was best to leave out the crucial detail even if it meant he would not be for it . the man did the exact crime i saw in the . i was angry about what he did but relieved to know i was not crazy either . i don ' t know if there is a lesson to be here i don ' t think i even found any solace i actually feel worse now and i am about to go back to the hospital i just can ' t take this pain . the beginning of our trip . i was initially confused until i that collin ' s were and cut as if some one on them . there was a scream that froze my blood over and made my stand on their whether they came from ' s now agape mouth or within me i do not know . we frantically tried to separate collin ' s body from the rock to no effect . it was as if he was now a part of the . and i tried to move collin and check his life while jenny console . eventually we gave up . was the first to speak up . " look we can ' t stay here any longer . did you see any way out ? " was only able to manage a tearful headshake . we were getting very desperate . we were tired and our courage and certainty dissipated . i around in the darkness for a sign any sign of an escape . no hope . just then jenny pointed to a section of the tunnel near us . there to be a thin layer of mud that was lighter than its surrounding . it just like the entrance to the tunnel that we went into . no other option we chose to go on ahead leaving our back with collin . it felt so strange to me however how could our dead friend be so close to the entrance ? how did we not notice him the entire time ? the ground was again soft beneath our as we crawl our way back through the opening . the thought of collin ' s within my mind . was it a warning against the in the tunnel ? why was he like that ? was our close friend truly dead ? it was a good that we before i something was off . this tunnel was supposed to close into a small opening but it just kept getting longer and longer . the are entirely unfamiliar now but that ' s to be when caving . your mind on you . but this was something entirely different like the tunnel was just somehow . but we on regardless . eventually found the end of the tunnel after digging through the thin layer of mud . we were all despite the growing sense that some thing is wrong . we did not have to wait long to confirm our though because on the other side of the tunnel was a stone chamber entirely alien to our . we were all at a loss for word . on the other side was not the place that we came from . it was . . a sort of pond . the were strangely symmetrical . on the ceiling was a pattern and at the middle of it a pitch black hole . i we were lucky enough to be standing on a ledge at the bottom were of . and the smell . oh god the smell . it was so sickly sweet so vile and vomit . then i a scene that made me what we were into . the pit black hole a carcass of a deer fall through . it fell straight to the bottom the sound of its limp body scratching against the mound of . then suddenly the water level rose in the pond the smell was becoming unbearable . jenny covered her mouth . a small rock that was in our way down to the now bubbling pond and it was instantly boiled and eaten away . " is that . . acid ? " jenny . " yeah . . . let ' s just get out of here . come on back where we came from " . before we went back to the tunnel distant like she was not entirely herself . it was only after we went into the tunnel that she murmuring to herself . we were quite out by now and a little bit due to not finding the exit . i and even shook her up a little bit . " what ? what is it now ? let ' s just go " " s . . . those were human " she repeated her quivering . my mind around i felt dizzy . she was right . i did see several and clothes and that vague resemble human but perhaps my mind could no longer take in the i was . was right it no longer where we were in we had to get the hell out of there . so we went back to the tunnel through the entrance . i to find collin ' s body right on the other side but i was wrong . he was now gone . there was no sign of him save for a small bloody trail . but on a far side of the cave in a way seemingly familiar with where we came from there was a red hue of the flare lighting up a body of someone that we now know for certain is collin . " someone is on us . they ' re trying to lead us there " frustration and anger now welling in his voice . continued his line of thought " yeah i felt like some thing is off since we this cave like we were being watched some how . whoever is coming up with these sick we ' re not afraid . " her off the motionless cave and down in the darkness . " you know what ? we won ' t follow that damn corpse . let ' s stick together this time and find another exit . trying digging a bit at the mud wall . " . there was no discussion to be had . we were all at the moment and any idea no matter how unfeasible is better than crawling for several more to wherever collin ' s corpse took us . so we took off in various our small becoming our lifeline . any time we thought that we found an escape we were met with a stiff wall of stone . the frustration must have gotten to all of us before we decided that we rest . it had been since we the cave . with heavy hearts and we did the best we could to set up a make shift camp . we ate from food from our slept with the meagre warmth that our can hold but soon enough we were all fast asleep . i tried to only have a light nap but the exhaustion from crawling for and from the bizarre that i completely drained my energy and i fell in to a deep slumber . my were hazy and numerous but all of them ended horribly . in one i was into the stone unable to move and none of my could help me . in another and jenny to each other on a bed of rock by their own blood . one of the most vivid that i had was where we were back to the acid pond that we saw of tree root sprung from the cave wall binding us and crushing our bone us closer to the black maw at the ceiling and after that . . . total darkness . i awake to a splitting headache and an utter feeling of dread and in near absolute darkness . my headlight was running out of battery . the air inside the tunnel was suffocating and my head and were starting to lose their from the cold . it was so so cold unusually cold . but most importantly i felt strangely alone . i turned to my and sure enough they were still there sleeping to each other for warmth . i at my watch and . . only have . " impossible " i thought to myself . i must have slept for during that period my body felt ready and fresh . thinking that my watch was broken i to check the of my . all of them show the same amount of time had . i frantically woke up my told them what and strange enough they all had the same . suddenly the black emptiness at the ceiling of the cave the focus of our discussion . i felt like my sanity was at its limit our friend was dead we were stuck in a dark and cold tunnel and there was no way out . that was when a sudden breeze came from a section of the tunnel bring with it damp air and hope . immediately the black hole was left at the back of our and we advanced with all of our strength towards that section any of potential of an exit was treasure to us . the bloody of collin an image that was fading with every step forward . when we the source of the blowing air we it was a small opening through the thick mud . we dug into the mud wall furiously for our freedom and soon enough we made a hole large enough for a person to get through . exhilaration came over us as we could see the of our on the other side and we through the hole . the relief once we got out of the cave was indescribable . we were about to leave this forsaken place behind . we all of our as quickly as possible the are now but hallucination in our . none of us to each other because we knew if the conversation went on long enough those would be again . so we headed for the exit ate our fill in food and went back to other of the cave . when we eventually the very narrow opening that we found the feeling of being watched eventually returned . this time i ' had enough . i my and hard on the stone on the the wavy rock formation illusion on one ' s vision making us see only wavy . i took out my phone and in on the wavy pattern . they were . upon of blurry with white iris . and they all upon us . realizing that we were probably not in a normal cave i at my to notice the same thing . suddenly the whole place and shook . we were inside an earthquake . we made a run for it as best we could but it was as if the ground was made of slippery jelly . the air around us felt heavy and suffocating . our strength though by the discovery of the exit was now sapping very quickly . we did our best to get to the small narrow opening in the wall in what felt like an eternity . finally jenny just a short away from the opening . we tried to call to her but even opening our mouth now would mean taking away the last of our breath . slowly to her side too tired and to call out or to ask us for help . i to help him drag her to the opening i really did . but the severe lack of air and the rattling of my head from the tremor meant that i could focus on nothing but my own survival . i my boots hard down to the ground for balance each step taking every ounce of my strength . i was so close to the opening in the wall when the ground shook violently and i was flung to a corner of the stone chamber everything went dark my only memory of the last moment before i out was that of the of all on me . there was no sense of time when i came to only that i was lying in a corner very close to the opening . my head was hurting terribly and i could not feel my left arm . one of my knee was in excruciating pain and there was blood flowing down my face . i to my . it took me a moment to come to my . at the middle of the chamber a massive hole now . my stood on their end it was the exact black hole that we saw in the acid pond only now it is in the middle of the ground of the cave . i inched closer to the hole and the sight of my me . only that they are half into the acid . and jenny were holding onto to each other what ' s left of their permanently contorted into a visage of untold horror just like collin ' s . it took a moment until i that was on the other side of the hole lying face down . i the current situation there was a small ledge that could allow me to cross it . i just on my own but ultimately decided that i would not leave my last best friend in this god forsaken place . i took in a deep breath then inched my way through the ledge . the on the wall behind my back to push me to my end but i fast to them . i made it across and my way to . i tried calling out to her no luck . it was only when i closely to her did i realize that some thing was off . something was so unnatural in the way that she was lying but my head and the blood from the on my forehead me from seeing clearer . i touched her back luckily i could still feel her heartbeat . i shook her awake . it took a while before woke up . she immediately cried out when her . at first i thought it was because i so dreadful but the reality was far more grim . ' s entire right leg was submerged within the stone and she was crying out from intense pain . i to face her . " are . . are you ? how bad is it ? " " it it so much . like . . millions of needles . . in my leg . oh god it it make it stop please please " her please were getting more and more urgent and i down to her submerged leg now blood from every open . i tried to comfort but i know that her life was ending . she knew it too . " promise me " " what ? promise you what ? " " that you will get out of this cave . and you will return with enough people to blow it sky high you hear me ? no one else will suffer the same fate that we did here " " don ' t you worry . you ' be alright . i ' find a way to get you out of there and . " " don ' t lie to me . not now . promise . god it so damn bad " " it ' s a promise . just on i ' go get help . " me away and i reluctantly to the ledge to begin my return journey . the ledge was dangerous as ever . as i was making my way across it a piece of the stone floor underneath my . i almost fell to the pit below but luckily i was able to grab hold to an old and sturdy vine . the knee on my injured leg into the stone wall due to the swing of the vine sending pain jolting to my head . i to just give up right then and there . i was so tired . the blood from the cut was my vision and my were blistered from sliding down the vine and were nearly dead . but the image of of and jenny and of collin filled me with anger and energy . i must escape from here i must find a way to avenge my this cave must be . i slowly up the old vine the searing pain in my and knee . once i had made my way across the ledge i back to the old crevice where we came from . the pain was unbearable my were screaming at me to let them rest my left eye to open and i could no longer feel my arms but i on regardless . through the mud through the strange stone formation through the hell scape that had most of my i went on and on . my mind had a singular purpose to escape . i could no longer recall the detail of how exactly i got out from days " worth of caving in just a few especially in my state . i could only vaguely recall the distance being seemingly shorter than i . i blacking out entirely as soon as i from the cave mouth and saw light . someone must have found me because when i came to i was in a hospital . people me about why i was there why i had the and of other . i did not know clearly why but i did not answer them then not truthfully anyway . perhaps i thought that they would think i was crazy . six had since then i was too much of a coward to come back for nor to report what to the police . no one would believe me anyway and they would probably think that i my friend . so i took the time to come up with a solution . i would do exactly what . my plan is now complete . the of the turtle will be no more it took a little bit of digging but i ' enough home made explosive to blow the place sky high . if you are reading this please heed my call and do not venture forth into this of the turtle it is not your common cave . that ' s all i ' m going now . i ' m posting this here so that people would not think that i am a crazy serial murderer who my . you have to trust me . i ' m going to end this . i ' m looking at it right now . it grey ash like skin yellowish green on a horned shaped head of spiderlike shape only extremely long arm with that dragged on the ground sharp and a short skinny torso . it roughly all together . i ' m ' and it ' s definitely at least foot higher than me . i wish i could take a picture of it . i wish somebody could just see it . it ' s standing right there behind that man . of it ' s are knuckle deep into his left shoulder . also i think it i can see it . for example it ' s making direct eye contact with me . i get a dark feeling sometimes and me think that i ' m really not supposed to see it . i ' d say it was smirking at me if it had a mouth . i don ' t know why i can see it . i ' m not really the gifted or open minded type . i am currently not believing what i ' m seeing in fact . even after everything . i might post this somewhere see if anyone seen anything like it . i don ' t really have anyway so it ' t matter if people think i ' m than they already thought i was . if i ' m going to post this i should start at the beginning . please know that i do consider the idea that i have just simply lost my marbles but that this is what become very real to me in the past year . and please please tell me if you ' seen it . i first saw it in last year around my birthday . it only had in her at the time but it was on to a really cute girl that somebody to my party . she in with it standing behind her and it had sunken into her collarbone . the moment i saw this i immediately swore to myself that i would tell nobody and that i would act as though i see nothing . the last thing i want to be is insane . it ' s honestly one of my biggest . anyway cute girl we ' call her clearly had no idea that there was a terrifying beast into her shoulder . i saw her later on that week at school . i ' t get myself to talk to her at the party but i had to say something now . i had to know if she could see it . i went up to her as she was opening her locker and said something like " hey i don ' t know if you remember but i was the birthday girl at the party last and i just to ask if you were ? " i think i might have been a little intense about it because it took her a minute to tell me she felt " perfectly fine " . i probably would ' been less intense if i ' t trying so hard not to look at the thing digging into her shoulder . she me if i was and before i could stop myself i flatly said " i don ' t know " . she to be me probably wondering if i ' m just a little weird or if i ' m a complete . she said " birthday girl " and off . ! i can ' t stand myself sometimes . anyway she must have decided that i was just a little weird because i ' m pretty sure she spent most of her spring break with me . we never official or anything but i knew she me and i think she new i her . i ' never know . in the summer i it had a rd claw stuck in her . that ' s when she getting sick . we stopped hanging out for a while because she ' t want to get me sick . she thought it was the flu . her birthday is in and i had to see her . it had been too long and i ' t care how sick she was . when i went into her room she pale feverish and really tired . the creature had in her . i honestly think i knew at that moment what was happening to her . i ' t tell her though . it ' t help and she would just spend the rest of her time thinking i ' m insane . i just gave her her present and pretended to be fine . she before thanksgiving . when i went to her funeral the creature was gone but there were six bloody across her collarbone . i have seen more since . it with or a week . then by march of this year i seeing at least a day . people have that everyone is getting sick enough at least to call it a pandemic . they haven ' t the . or they refuse to mention them . it ' s easier just to say a virus is going around than it is to explain this . i can ' t be the only one who it though . it ' s just impossible . i tried taking a picture at a restaurant once . there were of them and not one up in a picture . there ' t even any obscure just nothing . one day my best friend got one . i tried to warn her . i told her that i thought she should get tested because someone at my party this year was sick . she told me that that was ago and that i to stop thinking that i ' m going to lose everyone the way i lost . i then told her that it ' s not that simple and that i could see that she it . when she how and i told her about the creature she told me that i was and stopped talking to me . everyone else stopped talking to me one by one the more word got around that i think i ' m psychic and can tell when people are going to die . a little off from what i actually to my friend but it ' t matter . the truth is not a better story for me . i ' people walking around with one or two in their collarbone but no creature . i feel like those are on people who had it but never . i one on my one day but it ended up healing and she never felt sick . i ' m sitting at the on my front porch now looking at this man at the house across from me and he five large stuck in his shoulder . the creature is staring directly at me and it ' s sinking a sixth claw in . i just went inside . someone else will find him . the last thing i need is to be finding dead while all my think i ' m insane . i have what they are . up in my . i ' whether this is their silent way of taking over our planet . i ' thought about just straight up that have finally out from under our . maybe the earth is mad at us and these to take us out . i don ' t know honestly . anyway please look at the beginning of this post again for its description please understand that i already know i sound insane and don ' t need to be and please please please tell me if you ' seen it . . the name ' s . ever since i was a child have been my enemy . i ' always felt insecure about my body . it ' s official that i ' t win the genetic lottery at all . throughout high school and even middle school i was constantly made fun of being to strange you name it by the other and a lot of and i knew for a fact nobody had a crush on me once . i only have friend and his name is colin . me and him are very close but i knew he thought i was hideous . he ' s one of the cute and at by the but for strange he every one of them . i ' t stop myself to other . it made me question god everyday why i had to look like this . you should hear the i get in the school . " damn bitch . you shoot up the school after hearing what we all say about you ? " " someone get a harpoon ! " " hello grease monkey " " piggy piggy piggy piggy piggy ! " " is that freshly caught fish for dinner i smell ? " everyday and every time i in the mirror would just ruin my mood for i would be on how i and what thought of me . it like most other are just so beautiful . their small flat crystal clear baby soft skin their defined their perky firm butt their flowing silky hair that no matter how long they went without washing it would hardly get greasy and how they had no body hair but for their head and upper face . would go stupid and drool over them . seeing art or social media in general just this at me . i ' t escape it . it was everywhere . i felt . i felt pure envy through me . i felt hatred . i felt . . . anger . . . my reflection shown me the opposite . i was really overweight and had no i was covered with stretch skin grease . my hair was always matted no matter how much i washed it . i was covered with hair i had that themselves no matter how much i up my were saggy like a male marabou stork ' s throat . something other than god out there sure as hell a sick sense of humor to have made me this way . no matter how much i to change i knew i would be back at step and the only way to fix this would be plastic surgery . but then i ' d be a " fake ass hoe " . you can ' t win can ya ? it came to a point where i tried jewelry more and even then that never . yes i tried more like acne cream hair better hair brushes i went to the gym and i ' d end up back at stage . nothing would barely fizz on the curse i had . i to wear and just my hood up . the school me to take it off because of " the " thus revealing my horrific mop . . because of the pandemic i got the perfect excuse to wear a mask so there ' s that . i at least got some some pretty i like . but at the end of the day my reflection the same . i cried at myself in the mirror . i just to be beautiful . i would give anything to look decent a bit attractive or even a bit below average . i obviously going out in public let alone going to school . but my would tell me to go . i ' t want to disappoint her more than i already did anyway . i got more and more depressed each day were just going downhill for me just because of my appearance and it all lead to bullying . i swear if it ' t for colin or my i ' t have any will to go on as i ' m an only child and i have nobody else . my probably saw the outcome and decided not to put another future man or woman through my ugly suffering . as stupid as it i feel it ' s it . but that one day me . my me that night and they said they were also leaving the house to me because they were going to stay at my aunt ' s for a week and i ' t really feel like going . therefore i got to do what i for a week and they me out of school for that week to for a break . the side of me thought it ' d be the perfect opportunity to say and shoot myself . " my rotting carcass would look better than i did in the mirror . " " no . what the am i thinking ? ! " i at myself . i may be ugly but i knew my me and i ' t do that to them . the first night alone went with the usual . me being in a discord call with colin through and gaming . that night i on my bedside towards whatever was out there to lift this curse this ugly god forsaken burden off of me . now i ' d consider myself agonistic but i ' t give a at this point . i woke up at around in the morning got dressed my hair while trying to avoid the mirror somehow and made myself coffee . i watched until o ' clock when i was interrupted by the doorbell . i got off my chair and towards the front door . i it to see something i usually . a youthful looking woman in a tight sweater who had to be at least stood at my porch . she was the most beautiful i ' seen yet . she had every body asset i for . i felt the envy and the anger start to boil like a volcano inside of me but i knew i had to hide it . i at the woman trying forcing a smile to not look off . " hello ! " i said to the woman . " hi ! my name ' s . sorry to interrupt but i was just curious if you to buy my special cream of beauty soup . " " what a stupid name ! " i thought to myself " it works on your body to your by only eating a container of it before bedtime ! it may sound silly but many have been satisfied after eating the soup . this works on and . you should see overnight ! each container . this also comes with an unlimited warranty . if you ' t satisfied you can order the soup that the effects ! " . she for at least a minute how it your bodily through your mind your soul your subconscious mind or something like that . she eventually me the soup in a tiny sauce container . it was a purplish pink color with small white floating on top . " how could soup interact with your subconscious mind to change your body ? this to be a joke plus it ' s right on spot of the topic of beauty . " more swam through my head in the few she me the soup . but she genuine . i should ' the door shut on her face right then and there but curiosity the cat . so i made the mistake of following that . she continued to speak as she handed me a slip of pink paper with a phone number neatly written in sharpie . " you can contact me through this phone number ! feel free to text or call ! so what do you say ? " i was hesitant but still said yes . after some she left i and took in the soup . i felt very stupid after paying for what could be a joke . i off into a distance for probably after the woman left thinking about the whole ordeal . i set the soup aside in the kitchen put the phone number in my and went about my day . it was at around am i decided to hit the hay . i thought about the soup from and how the woman ' s were to take before bed . i the container still it . i took it upstairs and in the mirror just to rethink everything . it even if this was a joke it ' d still be worth a shot after seeing myself in the mirror for the first time that day . i open the clear plastic container and the contents . minty and industrial . i the contents into my mouth and drank all of the soup . it tasted like watermelon and kiwi but the aftertaste was of and shoe polish and along with it my whole body begin to ache . i washed it all down with water and went to bed . i ' t give a . i off the pain . i awoke the next morning and immediately felt something out of the ordinary . my felt extra baggy like they ' t fit and i felt something tickling my and . i that the pain was gone . i sat up and literally " holy ! " out loud to nobody when i saw my stomach . i ' t fat . i off my for a closer look of my body . my waist shrunk massively my stomach was nearly wall flat my face was fully defined there ' t a scar or on any of my skin my " " were perfect and hairless the hair on my and fell out into my my hair was silky smooth my teeth were beamingly white and my were full . i ' m i could still recognize myself in the mirror . i legit cried from shock . even through crying i still perfect . i myself many times in the face to make sure i ' t and it hurt as it should . i spent at least following my new feeling my soft perfect skin getting lost in my own . i ' never been this happy in . how the hell was this possible ? ! i ' t care . i ' m finally beautiful i ' made sure this ' t a dream many times . i as i got dressed with the clothes i had . they were kind of baggy but hey they were clothes they cool ! i left my house with the most enthusiasm i ' ever had in me . i drove to the store to get some and a lot of in there instantly turned towards me even a woman . the worst part about it is some were old enough to be my father but i was on the ! felt beyond good to finally be seen as beautiful sexy and a model . i could finally go out in public without my face or worrying about what people think of me . i getting from colin on discord so i picked up the pace . right when i got home i got on my and colin ' s call . i on my while colin usually his on i never turned on my . " did you turn on your ? " colin " yep ! " i said with a switched to the call overlay and there was me and colin . colin ' s lit up and his jaw . " . . . is that you ? ! you look almost completely different ! what ? how did you lose so much weight ? ! how did you clear up your ? ! " i ' t tell colin what the magic was because he ' d probably think i was coo coo as . " i . . . have my ways . " i colin to be more excited and but he kind of just carried on the call as usual but with shock and confusion in his that he ' t hide very well . i don ' t blame him . we together for until i went to cook some hamburger helper for dinner . upon stirring the beef and i my were slightly numb and stiff and there was a small indent scar forming on the rd knuckle of my index finger . i set down my spoon and ran my along the line trying to figure out what it was . the skin was also a bit stiff and smoother in the dent . i thought of those of random scratches on the body throughout the day without them so i kind of brushed it off as something like that but i thought it was still strange on how the dent was . i ate dinner and went back on my to keep hanging out with colin until it was time for bed . i woke up to really numb at o ' clock in the morning and looking at my the scar i had on my index finger gotten and the were specifically lined around my knuckle in which had also to form on my other on my . they literally like doll . i ' lost feeling in my index finger and the feeling in my other have to fade . this was on both of my . i my index finger against my stomach and it felt really odd . it ' t feel like human skin it felt more solid and the rest was almost like silicone . i lightly pinched the finger and it was . . . bendy . almost every inch of my skin felt like it was vibrating . it was barely noticeable but it was there . i off the to look at my and the were starting to form on the of my and they to were numbing . " what the actual ? ! " i to sat there for a full minute trying to figure out what the hell these were . why were they so specific ? what ' s happening to me ? i still got dressed and my body along the way . a thought into my head . if the soup somehow with my subconscious mind then are these ? the human soul is pretty wacky and the brain is also and it can give a lot of false and and they would subside over time the more i got used to my new body shape . i was still leery however . i ate breakfast and got in a discord call with colin an hour later . i turned on my trying to ignore the odd feeling in my . colin at my cam and saw my . " ? what the hell is with your ? " this i ' m not if he this to . this is actually happening . my heart sank than the abyss . " what do you mean ? " i with my voice breaking . " they look like they came straight off a doll . " we at each other for some time and i had to make a decision . " i ' be right back . . . " i ran downstairs to get my phone and i my ' s number . it felt so strange not feeling anything on my hand but i knew i was holding the phone . my said they ' d come back home if i was getting sick . they told me to make a doctor ' s appointment and see how go . i knew i ' t drive myself there because i ' t feel anything in my or most of my . my arms and to tingle more . i the doctor ' s office and the i could get an appointment was and the day at the time was and they ' d be home night . i finished my phone and i took another look at my and . the were so deep i was pretty sure it was down into the bone but they wrapped around my but the middle was very closely chain linked and now they ' re happening to my and colin was right . my and look like they came straight off a doll . it got worse when i that the now spread to my and . i my and and the movement was fluid like freshly oiled . i rubbed my foot against my upper leg and it to ' t feel like human skin . it felt like my finger . silicone abnormally bendy and solid . the part of the were like pure plastic . i finally decided that enough is enough this ' t be possible in the first place and this could render me dead . full panic into me and clouding my vision . with all i could i the woman ' s number . " hello there ! it ' s ! did you want to leave a review ? or did you want to use your warranty ? " " i need the reverse soup . please . what s happening to me ? ! i don ' t want to be beautiful . " i frantically into the phone . " oh you ' t satisfied ? well that ' s too bad . i still have your address as you are one of my so i ' bring the reversal soup tonight at along with your refund ! " i hung up and cried . it ' s and she ' s the soup at . i upstairs trying not to trip because of barely any navigation and i pretty much lunged towards my chair . " ? are you alright ? ! " " colin i need to explain everything . i know i ' m going to sound crazy ? but please listen . if you don ' t believe me i don ' t blame you . " " i think i ' d believe everything you say looking at those . look at your ! " . the in my and gotten noticeably since i last at them and this was faster as time went on . i don ' t go into detail but i told colin everything . the woman the soup this phenomenon that like i said ' t be possible . i would say what i said but it ' s all a blur due to my panic . " i need you to get downstairs and wait for the woman . i ' stay in the call but please for the love of god get downstairs and wait at the door ! " i steadily down the and near the front door . the feeling in my lower were completely gone and i was to even get up . i off to sleep on the floor and awoke to the doorbell at around according to my phone . before crawling to the door i at my and to see the were fully formed . my arms and no longer felt existent . my the doll like and as i my shirt my pelvis and my were and moving them a small very faint creak . i towards the door and it . the woman was standing right there with the soup and in her hand . she me up and handed me everything the strange brownish soup my wrote some and at me . " i ' m sorry you ' t satisfied . it ' s a shame but oh well . not everyone would be . " right as soon as i closed the door i put my in my jacket pocket open the lid and the soup . not a minute in i feeling really woozy . i again thinking that maybe this is the end . this is how i die . i someone whispering but i had no idea what they were saying . i laid there listening and the kept multiplying getting until it like a massive group of men and were whispering in my ear . i made out finally what they were saying . " what a shame " " you ' re so beautiful . why ? " " stupid slut . " " going back to being ugly ? " " idiot . " " dumb bitch . " i lost it . " shut the up all of you stupid just stop ! please ! you ! " i while screaming . my vision slowly faded as the got more intense and in an instant they stopped and the world around me went black . i awoke to my dad violently shaking me awake . as they both extremely concerned as to why i was on the floor near the front door . first thing i was myself . i was back to my old fat and hideous body . no weird no numbness . it ' s like it never . i let out a massive sigh of relief . after they let me gain my composure they what and why i was on the floor . i ' t want to tell them what and that i spent on cursed soup . i ' m still debating if i should fess up to them or not . at the time i to them that i was doing a bit of yoga and ended up falling asleep on the floor . they bought into it and they decided not to go back to my aunt ' s just in case . it only to me at that moment that i drank the reversal soup the day before which was and my got back on night like they said they would . i ' been out for a full day ! i my phone to text the woman and ask her but her number was literally nowhere to be found in my . the call history made with her was any text i sent was everything . it ' s like it just suddenly no longer . i for the slip of paper she gave me that i set in my jacket pocket but it ' s also nowhere to be found and i can remember where i put quite well . after dinner with my i went upstairs and saw my was asleep . i the mouse and my password to see i was still in the call but colin left . my were filled with frantic from him where i was if i was and what . oh my god he was so worried . i colin and he back almost as quickly as i sent the message . he automatically turned his on and pure relief was all i saw on him so much you could swear he was trying his not to start full on sobbing right then and there . it s definite now that all this t some lucid dream i accidentally had . " you ' re back to yourself ! oh my god i ' m so glad you ' re ! " he . i ' t help but smile and say " i ' m glad i am to . i guess . i know it ' be hard to but for now can we push this behind us and play some and i ' explain literally everything else later ? " " sure ! but can you do me a favor ? can you . . . turn on your ? please . . . ? " i was really hesitant but i slowly dragged my mouse over the " activate cam " button and . colin with that stupid cute grin of his and said " hello ! " . i rolled my at him and we continued for around . when he left the lobby we were in he suddenly piped up . " ? i have something to say and i know you won ' t believe me but that ' s . i just want to finally say it but it ' s awkward . " " um . . . what ? " " to me you ' re beautiful . you always have been " . when i was a maybe five or six my would take me to the quarry to go swimming . back then we t have water or any of that fancy crap they have nowadays . so i had this rubber ball that i would onto and i would kick my and swim out into the deep water . and when i say deep water i mean really deep water like a straight drop off like a cliff . i t really swim but i could move around and stay afloat as long as i could onto that blue rubber ball . so anyways one day we were there and i remember it was a beautiful sunny day not a cloud in the sky . the quarry had a few other people there but mostly it was just me and my your and . they were on the beach and i was out in the water with my blue rubber ball kicking my and swimming out in the deep water . and then suddenly it slipped ! the blue rubber ball that was supposed to be my life preserver off it went and was gone . and i around for a bit and then to sink . dad s were glossy looking far away in thought at the memory . over the he did that more and more lost in and i later if he was what it felt like to be sinking down into the murky cold water of that quarry looking up at the surface so far away and unable to get there . i remember that feeling of . what a horrible feeling . all you want is to take a breath of air but you can t you re stuck down there and you can t breathe . i t call for my to help me or my dad . i was just down there in the cold water waiting to die . i don t remember how long i was down there but he me . this man i had never seen before . he was dressed all in white i remember that . i remember seeing him standing there in his white suit soaking wet and wondering who this strange man was dressed all in white . dad to tell me when i t sleep and that one was one of my . the mysterious man in white who had saved him from . i t be alive without the man in white . i him my life as well . ' t my father ' s only brush with death . he told my brother and i a hundred . a thousand . the and the hitchhiker ' s guide all the prerequisite works of fiction for a lifetime of . time i was trouble sleeping he told me the story of his accident on the autobahn . his friend driving this super they had with a engine under the hood a black devil with a top hat painted on the side of it . had been driving too fast in icy weather and he said he a military convoy passing them then his friend suddenly lost control . the top heavy car tipped over and to spin on its roof on the ice . he said he was in a coma for four after that before waking up . he ' d tell that story and point to his his or to the under his . i just out a little piece of glass the other day . i still find them . little in my skin all these later . i think about that . all those little of glass living in his body . how strange it would feel to pull a shard of windshield from your finger or out from under your eye after all those . he always told me it ' t hurt . was plagued by night for many . that would dissolve from my memory upon waking . all i would remember usually was the terror i felt . one particular dream was so and awful that i t help but recall it despite my mind s to repress it . the i had of my dying . fear of the death of my was completely irrational most would think . but to me it was entirely . my cousin s would drop him off on our door step and then go off on and would disappear for at a time leaving my to take care of him . perhaps part of me saw that and what would happen to me if they ? who would take care of me ? simple answer was no one . my were gone i would be left alone with my disjointed extended family who ' t even care enough to take care of their own . the thought of that subconsciously me more than any horror movie . got so bad that i t concentrate in school . i was up all night long afraid to fall asleep . if i did manage a little bit of rest i would wake up screaming and crying and t be able to get back to sleep again after that . my dad decided to teach me a trick . he me how to have lucid . he told me he had taught himself the trick by reading a book about it after recurring about the man in white . he said he had a way to control the since he ' t get away from that memory of . those who don t know lucid that while you ' re asleep you recognize you are and take control . you can fly around the world if you want to . you can vanquish your with a single thought . you can bring your back from the dead . trick was simple . every so often during the day while you re awake you ask yourself is this a dream ? and you just keep doing that over and over and over until eventually you start doing it in your . during a nightmare you find yourself is this a dream ? and that s when you can answer yes and destroy those vampire who are hunting you with a fireball spell if you so desire . because you have the power when you re lucid . ended up getting rid of my pretty much forever . i still have the odd one but i can catch it in its by myself this a dream ? into the coffee shop . my dad was being upright by my uncle . they were sitting in a booth at the back of the place where we were going to meet to talk . my was there too sitting across from them looking wide eyed and nervous . t just that my uncle was holding him upright it was how he was holding him upright . he was holding up his chin trying to force it upwards . i over and saw the colour of my dad s face was all wrong . pale and grayish . his were closed and he was making like he was sleeping . someone was standing behind my saying she was on the phone with her own mother and that she was a doctor . what ? i . he just closed his and put his chin down and we haven t been able to get him to wake up my said . she also had her cell phone in her hand and was talking to . are they sending an ambulance ? yes i think so . his up one by one and underneath . the were fixed . the snoring had stopped suddenly . tell them his are fixed . i don t think he s breathing . they need to send an ambulance right now tell them right now ! put my up to his neck to feel for a pulse . there t one . we need to get him down on the ground and start doing he t have a pulse i told my uncle who was still holding up his chin with all of his effort and only being partially successful . stranger behind my that her mother the doctor t think that was a good idea . i don t remember what i said back to her but it probably t anything pleasant and we continued with our his body gently down to the filthy tile floor of the old coffee shop we were in . people around us to move tables out of the way to clear out of the restaurant entirely . i saw my brother and my wife standing a little ways away looking over at us and i felt like i was in a dream but i knew i was not . give him i told my uncle . two . bent over and put his face up to my dad s his brother in law and gave two chest of life saving air into his . i put my on my father s sternum and did with my and sang the song in my head . ah ah ah alive . one hundred per minute . ambulance took a while to arrive . i down on his chest over and over until my arms to grow tired and i to pour sweat from my forehead . no no no no no . please no . my worst nightmare . my fear . it was all coming true . then we got his rhythm back . i could feel it in my . weak but there . suddenly took a huge gasping breath . and then another . dad ? dad can you hear me ? . percent of out of hospital cardiac arrest die . we had gotten to him quickly at least . and we were kneeling on the floor frozen in place as they in . i was unsure what to do next . he had just been breathing . he had just had a heartbeat . i had felt it . i told them what had . felt like they were moving in slow motion as they got in place around his body and to put stickers on his chest . everything they were doing to be taking so long and i to tell them to hurry ! hurry ! he was dying a second ago ! he might still be can t you see that ! ? no pulse i the guy to me say his shirt had the word supervisor on it . doing again . body up and down and i watched now helpless . can you hold this ? the worker to me holding out the box if i could tilt it to show the . i said of course whatever they . coffee shop was empty now except for my family . the man in white . stood in the corner of the shop near my brother watching . to ask him to help . to do something . to save my dad like he had done when he was younger all those before when the blue rubber ball had slipped away from him at the quarry . down to see that the had gotten his rhythm back again suddenly and when i up the man in white was gone as if he had never been there at all . but i had seen him there i m sure of it . you know you probably just saved his life the said to me outside the coffee shop . i unable to speak with sudden in my he was right . the ambulance to the hospital and when we got inside they told us gently to go into a room in the back . it like a doctor s lounge of some sort . noisy clock in the room ticked counting the as we for news . i kept nervous with my who was saying to keep praying . he was going to be right ? a doctor came in and told us t looking good . they had lost his rhythm again in the ambulance and had gotten it back a few times since then but were running out of . on going out to see him . i saw him hooked up to and and looking no better than before only worse . fresh blood on him . a bag breathing into his mouth . my living nightmare . his living nightmare . he would have never this i t help but think to myself . a little while later and i it had all been for nothing . they told us he had had a massive heart attack . there was nothing any of us could have done . i remember him now i try to forget about that day . the terror i felt at my worst coming true . i try to remember the good times we had together . golf working on together talking about music and comedy and religion and politics . cooking together laughing together . all the that made me so afraid to lose him . of all i miss his . especially the one about the time he was saved by the man in the white suit . . . r ? medium android source share i made it very clear to the at energy that i had absolutely no interest in working for them . xb they d out to me a few back to look into their . someone had been skimming a little off the top and they someone to follow the money before they got the police involved . they well enough so i took the job . within the week i d pegged one of their middle as the man lining his and my to the board of . it was an open and shut case easy money . maybe a little too easy . xb it was the day after i d made my case that i got a call from himself blowing sunshine up my ass about how great of a job i d done on his test and how he to hire me for some private work . xb unbelievable . a test ? who did these think i was ? xb as i said i turned down the job . i prefer being a private detective not some corporate shill . still tried to kiss my ass but i made a point to ignore it he d get the hint eventually . xb then of course those sent me another job . swell right ? xb i initially had a hunch that it was another roundabout game to try and get me to consider joining them . if the money t so good i d have turned it down outright but i got to pay . after they giving me the though i t so sure . according to the guy i to there d been some harassment at their office . and apart someone had a in a break room and most damningly an employee had some sort of accident in the . something had thrown them over the railing . they t survive to say who . xb you got to admit . that is some weird . than i m used to anyhow . all the same i said i d look into it and first first i set up some after when the office was closed . i figured that maybe i d catch some employee some . it everything except the death which i t entirely sure was related . more like a freak accident to me . xb the office was dead silent as i did my setup . all of the white collar working had gone home long before i d gotten there . management had been kind enough to make sure nobody was working overtime . i t sure what they d told their and frankly i t really care . so long as i was well enough alone . xb i to invest in a few other just to cover the whole building but for what they to pay i d still be in the green after the so i d been generous in what i d picked up . i covered every place i thought our little might think to hit . large office . the and the . that should covered all the bases . i spent a couple of moving around between the office doing my setup . each floor was abandoned . not a single soul in sight . not even the janitorial staff . they d only come in after i was gone . xb and yet i felt this creeping sensation in the back of my mind that i t quite alone . i felt it in the as if something was breathing down my neck . the space around me was dead silent though . not a single other sign of life in sight . nothing but that uncomfortable feeling of being watched . . . xb i it as quickly as i could . an office building t exactly the place you could be but try alone at night in any possible location and see how brave you feel . even brass would feel a chill down his spine . xb i was close to the top floor when i first actual movement though . it was just a faint scratching like the shuffle of moving around . i could hear it from somewhere around the kitchen area . i t set my camera up there yet but the sound was impossible to mistake . someone was up there with me and moving around . xb the sudden onset of the sound did startle me i admit that much but once common sense set in i it was probably just part of the cleaning staff getting an early start . nothing much to worry about . i d left the i d been setting up my camera near to pay a little visit to whoever else was up there . the office was dark so i t see too well but i was tired and just to finish up so i really t think too much about that . xb i rounded the corner towards the office kitchen to see the shape of a person waiting for me in the low light but i saw nothing . just empty . hello ? i . no reply . it still as if i was completely alone . in the back of my mind i if whoever had been responsible for the vandalism was up there with me but i it . even if it was them the i d set up in the and outside the would caught anyone entering or leaving that floor . xb hello ? i out again no reply . i t disappointed . there was only silence . nothing more . i t sure just what had the i d but whoever it had been they either t there or never had been . it could just as easily been the air or something equally mundane that those . i d probably just confused them for something else . i t linger for long . i went back to my work as soon as i was satisfied that i was well enough alone and was done with the bulk of it soon enough . xb i left the office of energy before eight that evening . the sky was already dark and i nothing more than to head home and turn my brain off for a little while . a double shot of scotch and an old movie just right for me . it was the perfect way to end the night before i checked the video footage in the morning . xb as i out into the parking lot and got into my car i recall glancing up at the building one last time . out of the corner of my eye i thought i d something . a shape in a window . i d up to get a better look . xb there was something there alright . just what it was i really can t say . it like a person standing in one of the looking out at me . i back at them . i t make out any but i t suppose it much anyway . my car t the only one in the parking lot . i assumed the to the cleaning crew and that was probably who was looking at me . i t dwell on it too much . it t really worth my time and as i said i to go home . i keyed my engine and took off for the night that tomorrow ' s could be dealt with tomorrow . xb it was the next morning that i checked the camera footage . i d hooked everything up to so i knew i could review everything from my while i leisurely my breakfast . only some of the on the top floor and in the had anything which t surprise me . i took a look at the footage they d and that was the point where this job stopped being anything ordinary . xb the first couple of were just from myself leaving and the cleaning crew . those i t pay much mind to . the on the top floor later that evening though . most of the footage featured a disheveled man in his going through his . trash the carpet and the like . nothing out of the ordinary . where it got weird was a few into his shift . xb i one of the ceiling shifting on its own . something was it out of place and i intently at it as it was gently aside . then i saw something long and dark lower itself out of the new hole in the ceiling . at a glance its body like a person . a little taller and but still identifiable as a human . xb yet in the low light i could tell something was off . there was a paleness to that thing that t seem right . it to be stark naked and its face twisted . the were too big and too pale the mouth too large . everything about it just wrong ! xb i sat there glued to my screen as i watched this thing unfurl itself and drop down silently onto the ground . the cleaner t it at all . he was busy working and the sound of his vacuum had no doubt out whatever sound that thing behind him could have made . xb it at him for a few its intense as it sized him up . it to be something over before at last it him . its gait was slow and creeping . it forward on all looming steadily closer to him unblinking and intense . xb the man never saw it coming he t even have time to turn around before it pounced and when it did i god that they fell just out of view of the camera . i seen death before but never like that . i don t know what the hell i saw was . but i know that it that man with the same practical efficiency a tiger might have used . and i know that it had been waiting behind the ceiling while i d been setting up my only a few above my head . xb this t what i up for . i saw on the local news that they found a body in the energy building this morning . my phone with call after call from but i haven t had the courage to answer it yet . i already the proper . i told them everything and shown them what i found but something me that this t going to be that easy . xb i get the feeling that they think they re going to be dealing with a person but i m not so sure . i don t think that thing is human if it ever was . i m that i made a mistake in sending them after it . i don t want to know what it might do if it ' s cornered . i was old when i was sent to to fight the in . i really more than anything to be involved in the war . i was from a small rural town in nova scotia canada where the only i knew was poverty and boredom so i did everything possible to join the war . i was sent over in of and in may of . i only got a small taste of what war was like . even though i was put with the elite special also known as the brigade the only time i shot my rifle was during boot camp training . it was still exciting and it felt like i a man overnight when i took my first in . after the war i in the more or less to get a monthly pay check . i would have never thought that canada would be into another conflict after the devastation of world war two but i was dead wrong . i remember reading the newspaper of a possible conflict in the s . i really no part of it . i had a very small taste of war and i t want any more of it . however the government had other for me and they sent me to in . there was no fanfare or luster like their was for world war two . in addition to being in the army i had a good job with the national railway where i had a young wife and a nice house . when i got the deployment letter all i could think about was living in a tent with horrible food . it was actually much worse than i thought it would be . this time at old i was the elder surrounded by young . i remember there were two year old who as fierce as puppy dogs . the one name was murphy and the other was . they were both from the same province of nova scotia as me though i t know them before the war . with my three of world war two experience i was considered the veteran . we were on a hill in known as hill . one night we were thrown into heavy fighting with the north and the . i continuously yelling at and to keep shooting . the enemy to have an endless supply of men to throw at us . to this day every time i watch a zombie movie i get because like the the enemy would continually come at us . as the onslaught continued i had my bayonet to my rifle . the enemy would run right into our machine . they just t withdraw . they had our line and i my bayonet into the of three different enemy . there was no training that could have prepared me for the shear horror of that night . we if not of them and we were considered victorious . as daylight came i was so exhausted that i could barely move and there was no rejoicing for me because both and were missing . i was happy to be alive but i felt like a complete failure . i let the get the two sheep . i for for them after the enemy . the last time i saw them they were both alive . they were no more than from me to my left . it just t make sense and it me for because i t get past the inevitable conclusion that the two of them were probably taken by the enemy . i horror after the war what to and all i could think was hopefully they were executed quickly . every day i the of that night . so much so that i decided that the only way i was going to get closure was if i went back to and try to find out for myself what to those to young . i felt i could do more on my own then on the government bureaucracy . i my father s gift of gab since i was a young child and even with my limited ability to speak i had made some personal with a few of the south who fought alongside us during the war . i had kept in touch with one of the kim via over the . he had actually become the governor of the province where the battle of was fought . later learned that the retreating north army may had taken south to to be tortured . he t hear any of being taken as but i thought to myself if they took south then why t they have taken . told me he would discuss it more with me when i in south because he t feel comfortable writing about and . i decided to take the costly flight in . with the and everything else it took me to get from to the province . i was by at the small airport . fortunately his had since the last time i saw him in the early s especially considering i haven t the language since the war . we each other like we were who t seen each other in over . he took me to see the battle of memorial statue . i crying immediately when i saw hill . though the hill was nothing more than overgrown vegetation i could still remember the dead being strewn everywhere in . took me to his house where i might his entire family to include his wife and and even his . when his family went to sleep him and i sat at his dining room table to discuss the current situation . he told me that the south have spy s in north that even the and don t know about . he told me he was willing to help me sneak across the north border and we would be disguised as north . being five foot eight tall was a disadvantage because most of the north were really short from being malnourished . i had red hair and like the poster child for a so my whole head had to be concealed in peasant and i had to keep my head down the whole time . we would go along with two other south who knew the way to get into north and they had connection there as well . we would walk to the of north from the province which was about . it is late and the weather is in the at night . it took us five days to traverse the . we had a lot of we were carrying with us which were mostly that were going to be used to get us across the border and then hopefully used to get additional information on the fate of and . i could see a remote north guard station . there were posted everywhere warning that anyone who unlawfully the border would be executed . the really the crap out of me . i did think of the possibility that i was unknowingly being sold to the north however at this point there was no turning around . the two gave one of the in charge nearly of chocolate which was considered an absolute delicacy in north considering the country was so poor . told me that if the new i was then they would without a doubt take me as a prisoner because they would be considered utmost hero s for a mortal enemy . we purposely put about between us and the as i crossed the north border and i kept my head down the whole time . luckily i made it past the guard station . there were three who were much more interested in the chocolate then watching us pass the border . we another to an unknown village . the two had a agent spy contact in the village . we met the north spy in an old abandoned hut in the unknown village . it was something right out of the . i was both nervous beyond believe and excited as well . the two south gave the spy five dell which were impossible to get in north . each had classified information on them as well . told me the spy would need a week to try to get information about the demise of and . the four of us stayed in the abandoned hut for the week . it t so i was cold during the day and even colder at night . and i time by about the war and the aftermath . this is the seventh day and the spy t returned . we are starting to get concerned if the spy is coming back . you never know for sure if the spy is a double agent and at we could be taken away by the north army . the two assure us and tell in to wait two more days . it had to be about am on the ninth day when the spy came into the abandoned hut . he to the three other men and what he said for me . said he was able to find information about your missing who in . i respond oh really what did he find out ? our secret agent that he got from a family in a village on the other side of . i that s crazy and then the agent took out the . then said these black and white are them in the s . i almost when i saw the photograph . they thin and but at least they were alive . the agent out more and gave more information which the two men insufferable cruelty for a decade . then in the mid s the dictator the men to assimilate in a small village . this is highly unusual and the reason for this is unknown . the agent spy took out more which the two men female . i was absolutely amazed at what i was seeing but nothing prepared for what i saw next which were of the two men s . i kept saying oh my gosh oh my gosh over and over again . based on the it like had one daughter and had two sons . the of mixed race where the were more dominant . in a low somber tone said unfortunately the two men had in the late s . they both had liver and other from of severe malnourishment when they were captive by the north army . my mind was on a roller coaster of . part of me was to hear of their and another part of me was happy to hear they actually lived and actually had . i t to take the . if this information made the national news then s and and whatever family he made here in north would be executed by the dictator . we for sunrise and we the trek back towards south . i felt a sense of relief that i finally got closure on the two young men who on hill one night in . the walk back was effortless partly because we had less weight we were carrying because we had given away our and also i was constantly in thought about how much my life after being here during the war . we made it back to south then the next morning i went to the airport to return home . i was beyond grateful to the two and the agent for the help and assistance they had given me . i knew there was one last thing i had to do when i got back home . mother was still alive and both of s were still alive . the three of them were elderly and were living close to . i had to convince them not to share the story with anyone for fear of their s life s . i figured the right thing to do was to give closure to and s living and tell them of their son s demise . both of them were still considered missing in action . to be honest it was beyond my and had actually that night and lived up to the late s . i told the on two different and on first meeting with mother she was so shell with glee that she was speechless when i left which was the same for both of s which i met the next day . i had never seen anyone so when i told their . it was like the part of their brains that had been closed off with despair for so many was finally awaken with news the three of them never would have . i find myself now coming to with my on the hill in known as hill . i will never be normal but at least i m a little less by the of the two young men on one night in . xb have you ever been to the beach at night time ? i always thought it was such a experience . the cool sand against your . the breaking against wet sand . the luminescence of the moon just enough for your to adjust accordingly to the darkness . that ' s how i ' always felt until recently . my nova and i always take a vacation every year to the jersey shore with some of her family . about eight of us in total . it s a nice getaway from the normalcy of regular life . we both work nine to five for very outstanding so i m sure you can imagine the need for a change of scenery . we rent a pretty sizeable house right on edge of the beach which it much easier going back and forth especially for bathroom . only a couple down from us is the center of town which is filled with and random and pop full of sea shore s . of course we mostly go for the . it was our first night of vacation and everyone was in high . we were already out at one of our favorite in the area singing along with a very energetic cover band . my and i were about two and three deep so we were pretty to say the least . once the song had ended she over to me want to know what would make me really happy ? i already knew exactly what she was going to ask me . want to be the best ever and take me for a walk on the beach after this ? i rolled my at her we should probably get home . t want you falling and getting a face full of sand now would we ? she knew i was only teasing her but she hit me gently in the chest anyway . i have you know that i am completely fine thank you very much ! if you won t take me then i just go by myself . she crossed her arms trying to give me a stern look but she t help but smirk slightly . fine . i can t have you going alone and getting lost to the ocean . she me and me on the cheek great ! now be a peach and go get me another drink would ya ? i rolled my again as i let go of her hand and made my way to the bar . about an hour later a much nova wrapped her arms around me it s time for the beach ! go ! she took my hand and practically my arm off as we made our way through the crowd towards the exit . once outside i took a deep breath . the night air was warm and refreshing a very change to the odor of liquor and stale beer . after party at the house ! nova s uncle . the night was never over with him . as we took the short walk back to the house we told her family about the walk on the beach and as soon as we got to the front door parted ways . nova herself against me her head resting against my shoulder both of her arms wrapped around my as we made our way up the wooden of the boardwalk . i could already hear the of the in the distance which put a big smile on my face . we the sand and nova let her arms unwrap around me . slipping off her she them at the beach entrance . this should be right ? she . yeah sure . the house is right there . plus it s am . i don t think anyone is on the boardwalk right now looking for a random pair of . i took off my own and them next to hers . we locked and making our way onto the dark sandy beach . the feeling of the cool sand between my was more comforting with every step . i closed my and the moment with the girl who i intended on making my future wife . we made our way further down the beach approaching the water a few back from where the broke on the shore . as if she had been reading my mind only before nova said you know this would be the perfect time to ask me a certain question nova said as she stood next to me looking out into the ocean . this was almost exclusively her favorite thing to bring up when she was drunk . well even if i to you kind of just ruined the moment ! we both knew i was just around but in her drunken state she took it to heart . but seriously i cut her off before she could continue her into a tight hug . i know babe i know . it s coming i promise . we tightly closed listening to the ocean . i could have stood there forever . the wind blowing her blonde hair against my face as we . the smell of the water and her shampoo d hair filling my . then for what felt like just a second i thought i felt the ground move . i it up to just nova being a little more drunk then she thought she was and being unable to keep her balance but then it again . do you feel that ? i . it s like a earthquake or something . our hug grew looser as the movement of the ground below us grew more fierce . whats going on ? i have no my sentence was cut off and my head turned towards the ocean . have you ever just out at the ocean in the middle of the night ? the unending abyss of black save for the moon lighting up what like the edge of the world . it s t it ? the fear of the unknown . the uncertainty of just what you are looking at . well i promise you these are the that will go through your head the next time you do . if you do . the water to rise almost as if a ship that had was being up from the ocean floor due to some invisible force . what like a monstrous shark fin . i could only see it s form vertically but it like if it were to turn it would be about the size of a cruise ship . the base grew as more from the ocean but the top pointed perfectly into what like a razor sharp edge . what . . what the is that ! ? nova as my quickly shot over to her almost forgetting that she was even there . her had let go of me both arms falling lifelessly at her sides . my went back to the fin i . i don t know it rose higher out of the ocean the ground trembling so furiously now that we were both trying to catch our balance . eventually we fell back onto our and looking at the rising mass . we watched in pure horror as i that it t just a fin it was attached to something . something . . massive . a head to form underneath the thick base of the towering fin . i t even begin to imagine just how big this thing was . it like it could have been city long ! it was too dark to make out any but i could see sea weed hanging off different of the large mass . this was almost too much to comprehend . what the was happening ! ? we t move . we were too struck by fear to move a single muscle . the on the sand to make my go numb as i back on them to keep me seated upright . a protrusion was slowly revealed as the mass grew taller . the moonlight me what i feared most about this thing . an eye . it was alive ! it was a monster ! and the eye was enormous ! unimaginably large . once the eye was completely out of the water my body to tremble . not from the but from terror . this was the first time in my life that i had actually experienced crippling dread . what i figured were this came next except much worse . long of them came out of the water . it was too dark to tell if they had suction on the of them like an octopus but i the fact of not knowing . the water rough quickly . large forming due to the emergence of this abomination . i finally snapped out of it quickly got to my arm and her up . we have to get out of here right the now ! i said sternly . i onto her hand and my shot out in front of me into a sprint to get away from this thing as fast as possible except she t move . my grip was so tight and i running so hard that my actually forward from underneath me and i fell onto my back . her arm t even budge . nova ! what are doing ! ? we have to get out of here ! nothing . she t a muscle . i picked myself back up off the sand and at her . it was like looking at a statue . you never notice how much someone even when they are standing still until they literally t moving at all . was she even breathing ? nova ? i in front of her only to see a blank stare on her face . nova what s wrong with you ? ! come on ! again nothing . not one single movement . i onto her but my back quickly . she felt like cement . she was rock hard . like a body that had just gone through rigor . i t know what to do . my heart to race as i turned around staring out at the ocean once again . my entire view was this . this thing ! i t fathom the sheer size of it ! but now i more . it t look like it had a mouth or a nose just more . smaller than the massive orb that took over most of it s face but nonetheless . of them . opening and like the lens of camera . i turned back to nova and tried to get her attention once more . nova babe please . we need to go please ! i tried to shake her but she was immovable . suddenly blood to pour from her . oh my god nova ! i as i put both of my on her . what s happening ? ! what s wrong ! ? i watched as a constant flow of blood from each corner of her and soon her nose and mouth . her body was itself of her blood from every orifice on her head and there was nothing i could do . blood was getting all over my as i tried to stop the bleeding . my around her as it just between my . help ! ! ! someone help us ! ! ! i at the top of my but there t a person in sight . even if there was the of the was sure to make my for help fall on deaf . i let go of her face soaked in blood and turned to the beast . what are you doing ! ? ! what the are you doing ! ? ! it t acknowledge me . i t even sure it would notice me . i must look like an ant to this giant . the whipped in the summer air as the large eye off over and of . body to tremble and i turned around quickly . nova ! ? nova ! ? whats wrong ? ! please say something ! ! her suddenly gave out and she fell onto her back on the cold sand . i down next to her from . nova please ! ! i went to pull her up to me but her skin was like fire . touching her felt like your on an electric stove top running on high . i back to look at my and the skin was already bubbling from the . i back down at nova and the skin all over her body was starting to look like my . big seething formed on her and with thick liquid . the color of her skin soon the blood that continued to pour out of her face . oh my god . . her body to to melt . her skin peeling away melting into a puddle of viscous red liquid . her soon becoming exposed all over her trembling body . i watched as her face slowly unrecognizable nose sinking into her soft tanned skin . it like her were slowly being back into her skull as they melted away . once her skin and muscle was completely gone her to bubble like boiling water . within that felt like there was nothing left but a puddle of red and white ooze . i could barely breathe . is this real ? did this just happen ? what just ! ? nova she s she s gone . this cant be real ! within of her turning into mush the earth to vibrate once more . i quickly stood up and back at the unfathomable demon . it was sinking . it was sinking back from whence it came . back into the abyss . back to whatever hell it came from . my entire body shook as i watched it exit out of my eyesight the ocean angrily against the shore . it s head completely submerged underwater the monstrous fin following sinking lower and lower until it was finally gone . gone was it really gone ? i stood there in silence . staining me as i down at what was once the girl that i for the of my life . oh god . oh god ! ! ! a revelation filled my . her family . what was i supposed to tell her family ! ? did they see it ? did anyone see it ? how t they . that . that monster was bigger than a skyscraper ! surely i can t be the only one who saw it ! as feeling came back into my i turned and ran towards the entrance of the beach . i ran up the cool sand that no longer brought me any type of pleasure . up to the boardwalk our resting down the wooded ramp and practically through the front door to the rental house . the door open and my world was filled with horror once more . . loud almost inhuman coming from upstairs . i at a time heart racing feeling like it would burst through my chest cavity . as i stood on the landing at the top of the i saw where the were coming from . there on her was nova s aunt surround by five piles of thick red goo . in the bob wilderness in western montana a cave of the turtle . as far as human knowledge the cave is deep and . long . with a mean temperature of no living creature can call the place home . the cave as experienced it is devoid of life . or at the very least of life that we know of . we were a bunch of hobbyist amateur and reckless . five of scavenging for in the have forged a bond we thought was unbreakable . me collin and jenny five college five in our late s seeking for the . sometimes i would wonder if any of us really to explore . i was a librarian collin fixed for a living works a six job in finance and and jenny have their own . at first glance no one would figure that we like to explore in our free time . but as were each one of us were with it . the quiet and cold the spent in near total darkness with only our to guide us food eaten hastily the in clothes they all gave us a sense of quaint but warm protection like we are in our own shining bubble in a pit black ocean filled with the unknown . the hobby did not start with me of course i was never one to come up with bold . and jenny the power couple and the more successful people of the group said one day do you want to do something different ? different how ? . wild outdoor cave exploring we out one near our city . the after that were blurry i there being some weak objection from something about with her schedule but with the weight of the whole group she finally gave . our first trip was decently successful . i was rather reluctant to spend so much money of caving equipment but been starved of sunlight and adventure for so long inside my town ' s library i finally plucked up the courage to try out something new . of worth of equipment later i got my first caving outfit . sadly i was unprepared for the rest of caving itself . i got tired after holding my self and climbing through narrow . i was out of my wit at every section that ' s a little tight . i that keep crawling all over . it was miserable but in a strange way endearing . it was abundantly clear for all of us that we each had a strange obsession with caving . perhaps a sense of adventure or the wish to fulfill a difficult task or a challenge to be overcome or perhaps a chance to get away from the of the real world and to just immerse one self in darkness . whatever the reason all of us were drawn to it in our own way . that was five ago . since then we have had at least a dozen caving each one as exciting as the previous . as we more experienced our friendship and love for caving grew . little did we know that we were about to explore one of the cave and our fate would forever be . nguyen and jenny are both late to the group . understandable they both a chain of their time must be thin enough as is . they a new caving location the of the turtle cave only this time we did not have the usual two week up . the trip would be on as they both to get married after coming out of the cave . there were some the trip would take days and was in the middle of her busy season . like usual after some convincing the plan for the trip had its skeleton . my can barely contain all of my caving equipment . just as usual . with my meagre salary i was lucky to get a bag decent enough to hold all of them without giving out . i did some about the cave apparently it was not fully . " this will be a fun trip " i convinced myself . was the latest to arrive there being some at her work . nonetheless the trip went very smoothly if not a little crowded as usual due to our equipment taking up the bulk of the space of the two . looking from the outside the cave entrance was a large slit on the base of a straight cliff . big enough at least for each of us to squeeze through with our equipment . it was icy cold inside with very little light . the floor was slippery and wet . rocky formation and dotted the interior . the smell was musty and damp much like the air . the ground was muddy and despite the multiple of thick boot sole and i could still feel the freezing cold . after some scouting we decided to set up camp outside and explore the depth of the cave gradually . that night was perhaps one of the most memorable nights of my life with camp fire roast meat and embarrassing . no phone no just people living in the moment . our hobby expedition . had to handle a couple of from her company but was able to fake signal disconnection simply by going inside the cave . we did some prior research about the cave structure . apparently it was mostly dead straight with certain very small just enough for a human to slide through . we that we would have to struggle for every . but we were used to it by this point the thrill of discovery was simply too tempting . the cave was to be around deep and . long . we to reach the end by the tenth day . despite her small frame jenny had remarkable upper body strength and agility . we were stuck at around in and she to fit through a small gap and discovered another passage nearby that we could use . several of caving really tired us all out and we to camp in a wide and flat enough rock formation . our that night was about urban and scary to make the expedition all that much interesting . a story that he read about how a group of were eaten by giant bats that dwelled in such as this one . he always had a talent for nonsense . the expedition continued . we were met with a very tough rock formation impossible for anyone of us to pass through . to be on edge she was very worried about her position at the company . a big promotion was coming up and she a lot for this trip most of us understood that . collin however was himself as usual and he told off about how we all had of our own and that we chose this trip and should just get on with it . poor she was always the black sheep of the group despite her obvious talent and drive for success . after several we got tired of looking for new and collin was tired of being terrible we decided to set up camp and call it a day . but just as we were dinner i a small movement of the mud up the of the cave . after some digging i found a new crack large enough for each of us to fit through albeit with some difficulty for collins . we decided to take a night of rest and then proceed . that night i had difficulty falling asleep . i kept this uneasy feeling as if we were being watched from all over our surroundings . but most strangely i felt a faint but very familiar calling from the other side of the small and dark passage . before long my exhaustion took over me i fell soundly asleep . my sleep was interrupted by . somehow collins gone missing and there were no trace of him save for boot towards the tiny passage that we found . we frantically out for him . no answer . despite the growing feeling of uneasiness i assured everyone that perhaps he had just gone ahead to investigate . collin ' s the adventurous type maybe he to scout the area save us some trouble . we decided to leave our cumbersome gear there and only brought with us some energy light stick water . each of us left the comfort of the site i was the last to go inside the passage . the were still very muddy and dirty stone curve and ebb in their unnatural waviness seeming to lull you into an illusion . the stone look almost like sinew and soft but you know that as soon as you touch them the illusion would be broken and they would return to their stony cold dead reality . as i cross the passage i could not help but wonder at myself . why was i so sure that collin was only scouting ahead that nothing serious to him ? was i lying to myself ? what is this growing feeling of dread in me ? of question my head as i take one last look back to the passage the mud had to fill again soon it would erase the passage . i felt myself being watched again . about after we our search for collins little progress was made . i finally told the group that i felt something was off about this entire place . felt the same . but and jenny were adamant that we at least find collins before we head out he might have been lost in the cave . of course no one to leave their friend behind so we continued collin ' s boot being our only guide to him . after around we found one of his . it was on the ground covering one of his . we were all perplexed . " how did he leave behind a single glove ? is this a joke ? " jenny . " maybe he to play a prank on us . maybe he was tired and it just sort of fell off . maybe he just felt stuffy . who ? but now we are sure this is the right way " said . we around for more but could not find anything . before we decided to continue our search i took a grasp at the around the place that collins left his glove . i thought my mind was on me . i could swear that i saw very faint shape of a hand slowly fading on the stone surface . " that ' s how you know you are entering a cave your trick on you " . i told my self and the . jenny had found a small tunnel with collin ' s hand on it . . after collins went through the space in search of our friend . the small entrance soon expanded into a wide but low tunnel around . meter tall . we knew then that we were under a gigantic rock formation with smooth middle perhaps eroded by water . of course claustrophobia is nothing new to us . crawling on all four in a small space that could collapse any moment was a frequent thing in caving . the air inside the tunnel was damp and even colder than usual . i how collin would find it to explore in this condition . we out for each other each of our dim headlight a sign for the next person to follow . and jenny were the first to lead the way we them . each handprint of collin to promise to bring us closer to our friend . it had been around half an hour since we the tunnel or perhaps it was around hour or perhaps even two . i ' lost the sense of time inside this place collin was still no where to be found . " i think we should stop a while . we ' re all very tired maybe we should just head out and wait for collins to be back ? " said her voice cracked at the last part . " we don ' t know how deep he ' s gone what if he ' s injured or is hypothermia ? " jenny . we on . the tunnel somehow felt infinite . there was no certain that it would even end . and we continued to follow collins ' s hand with our headlight . suddenly a patch of light stopped moving a head of me it was . i was glad that finally there was a chance to catch up . he had been crawling non stop for at least an hour . and jenny also stopped but one of them a gasp . i it as well when i . collin ' s hand had . we were all . what could have ? a thousand around our . did he somehow remove his hand ? did he find a rope and himself through ? did he simply . . . ? it was a good before spoke up . " alright we can ' t stay here too long . collin ' s have to wait . we need to get out of here . " ' what ? he could be freezing right about now ? we can ' t just leave him in here '' he got himself in he can get himself out . i think we will all have hypothermia if we stay here for too long . " ' i ' m not feeling good about this place . maybe he ' return ? collin ' s a tough guy he can handle this on his own . '' where would we even go ? look i can ' t see his ' jenny was right . the hand trail that led us here had covered by the darkness above and the stone below . around hour after we went into the panic set in . we were . the feeling of being stuck inside a dark damp and narrow tunnel to swallow up our confidence and zeal . and jenny the headstrong of the group were scrambling to find a way to get out . in the near absolute darkness our hope was wavering by the minute . the from our only how truly lost and desperate we were becoming . finally i broke the silence . " what the hell is this ? where do we go from here ? any idea ? " " i can remember the way we came from " " remember ? you got us into this mess you idiot . and that moron collin too i ' m beating the out of him when we meet again . " my anger was rising . i did not want to be in here . perhaps i was angry at myself for not refusing to come inside . " hey if you it so much why did you come here in the first place ? admit it you to explore this tunnel as much as we did " jenny . i knew i could not talk back to her after that . she was right i ' t care about collin i just the thrill of exploring the cave collin just to be in the way . but when i knew we were stuck that love for adventure suddenly turned into horror . " alright alright . stop . now ' s not the time . we need to find the exit and fast . i think we could split up and the person that find the exit will either make a sound or light up their torch to signal the other . ? " interrupted my awkward stream of thought . i to tell them right then and there about how bad of an idea that was . but i ' t . i just to get away from the tunnel as quickly as possible and the idea of our was just so tempting . thinking back now i should have said what i thought i might have saved us all . we split up in four . me to the right to the left . and jenny broke off on their own before us . maybe they did want to get out of this after all . after we split did my best to recall the direction that we went in but to no avail . in the total darkness with only a small headlight your sense of direction completely down . i found it very strange that i could not remember the way that we went through . it as if your memory works differently in the cave . i even forgot what i had for dinner the previous night . believing that it was a mix of being and being in a tiny tunnel for nearly i kept crawling . . . . . . . . . . . . . it felt like . i lost track of time . i kept searching and searching my headlight me . my only solace being that there were three other in the that i could see . i must not have gone too far . then a light from ' s direction flashing . she was burning a flare . hope filled my lung and and i on with . my distance with the red light from the flare was by the minute . two other light to advance at the same pace . and had also the flare to ' s location . i had thought that she had found an exit in the deep wall of mud . was down and to be holding something . believing her to be taking some sort of small shovel i got closer to her and the horror of what poor came in to full view . there just a short pace from the flare was the corpse of a person half submerged into the stone . big stature green coat and the one arm that was still showing without a glove . it was collin . and jenny must have been right behind be as i behind me . " what the hell ? " " he ' s he ' s inside the earth " said jenny her ragged breath now becoming by the minute " are you ? " i to remember that was still there close to collin her back now turned against me . " please answer us . are you hurt ? " time to stand still when finally turned around . her face was now pale with terror . she only to show us a piece of hastily scribbled paper and on it were written in blood " get out " . part mist rose in a thick haze my vision as we drove along the road by the sea down to the monolith . as we i saw why it had its name . i could see it further down the coast a solid dark shape jutting out from the side of the rocky cliffside . time had eroded the concrete but it had not the great fortress that stood vigilant on the . xb what had once been citadel now sat abandoned in this forsaken part of the . ago back when had been in full swing or the monolith as its it was quite a busy little outpost friendly for german u and . xb at the time people had that a sailor could have seen its bulky concrete tower all the way from and indeed it was quite inconspicuous . that was part of the point though . half of the purpose of the monolith was to launch but the other half was to see safely home . there was even a lighthouse on the above the installation that was part of the property and as far as i could tell it was still operational . xb after the war though there was no purpose for the old fort . over time the monolith was and ultimately abandoned . the government still the property but there s really nothing they seem to be doing with it . occasionally it will be rented out for a movie shoot . the abandoned base featured in a few small time usually for interior and it really does have quite an impressive little resume . the interior really is a beautiful sight to see even if it is a tad run down and that was part of why we were there to try and document that interior before time took it all away from us . xb my name is and i want to be one of the like or steven . i love the atmosphere of some older and i want to recreate that in my own ! that was what drew me to the monolith . from what i knew it was the perfect setting for the latest film i had in mind ! i t have much of a budget or any big name but i was sure that i could work with what i did have so long as i used it all effectively and i figured the monolith would be a big part of that . that was why i was there that day . i just to scout out the location and see if it would actually suit my needs . xb in the car beside me was a close friend of mine who i d worked with before and was more than happy to work with again . was a decent cameraman and he knew how to handle the equipment well enough . besides it was nice to at least have someone to talk to on my lonely excursion . hell of a morning i remember him saying . he was looking out over the north sea to our left as we drove . the mist t let him see far yet there was something beautiful and about its presence . we should get some of that . it s a damn pretty sight if there s ever been one . xb i over at the mist . was right . it was a pretty sight to see . it would been a crime not to immortalize it . the mist ahead of us around the grey rectangular building ahead of us . despite the of the height of the monolith i found that it was far than it was tall . it almost like an old castle sitting on the edge of the sea and the approach was like something out of a dream . xb as we got closer i could see the chain link fence that stopped us from getting closer and my car to a stop . technically we had no right to actually be there . the gate was closed but that really t bother me much . i knew i t be the first person to have snuck into the monolith and i t going to be the last either . i off onto the side of the road to park and got out of the car and did the same . he headed around to the trunk to get his equipment . mostly just a few for some test . we could discuss getting a legitimate permit to film in the monolith when we actually went there to film . this was just to ensure we t wasting our time with the place . xb you got the wire ? i . i lit a cigarette as i out over the sea . i already had a good about this place . it gave the exact atmosphere that i for my movie . i was still finishing the script but it was meant to be a grim wartime character study about a technician on a base during . if i got it right it could be a masterpiece on par with great like joker and citizen ! perhaps it might even bring me to the level of fame i d only ever of before . xb i got them here said and brushed past me . he cut the fence near where it met the cliff . nothing that would be immediately noticeable . just enough to let us push through to get inside . xb the monolith stood before us unguarded and free to explore . i could only barely contain my excitement as i towards the old building . an abandoned road overgrown with a few resilient led towards the entrance of the base . the were up with plywood and the concrete exterior was cracked and worn . we found a way inside and were with an old musty smell . the base was in worse shape than i had . there d been little to no upkeep of it in the past and it . xb i could hear the steady dripping of water somewhere far in the distance and there was no light other than the light from mine and ' s . this is it ? he and he . i won t lie . i was pretty upset too . this place so dead i confess i had something far more grand and photogenic . instead this building felt like a waterlogged carcass . but we had come all this way to give up at the first sight would be a mistake . we see what the rest of the base like i said . let s go . with that i into the darkness unaware of what was waiting . xb much of the layout of the monument was devoted to the submarine . there were twelve of them in total the length of the base . near the rear built into the cliff wall were what i assumed to have once been and although it was hard to tell . any furniture had long since been away leaving nothing behind but cracked concrete . i saw a few small that might do for if they were dressed up a bit but they probably would have far more time effort and budget than i had to spare . xb took his but it was already a foregone conclusion that the interior of the monolith had little to offer . we d wasted our time even if neither of us to admit it yet . that s not to say that the monolith was not interesting . far from it . the old base had an allure to it that was hard to accurately describe . it was rather fascinating to explore a place that was almost forgotten to time . xb hey take a look at this ! i was standing in one of the sub when out to me . like they left something behind . i went over wondering just what it was that he d seen . he d off inside a side room and i was a little to see a in an alcove against the wall . the metal was old and . climbing it may have been a mistake but it led upwards to some unseen part of the base and was already halfway up . xb you sure that s safe ? i but he t reply . he just up the . ? i . still no reply but i could hear his . i in a deep breath and swore quietly before i up the rusty staircase . the ancient metal under my weight as i up . the stairway led up quite a ways but i could hear just above me . i could feel powdered rust shaking off the old above me and into my hair before i the top . xb look at this ! i him say . from what i could see he was standing in a circular room that was more brightly lit than the rest of the base . i up and i could see a seemingly endless tower with a spiral staircase curling around the like a tentacle . it took me a moment to realize that i was inside a lighthouse . no the lighthouse . it must have gone deep into the earth so it could be easily through the monolith . xb does it go all the way up ? i . only one way to find out said as he to ascend the . this time i t wait behind him . the here were . they t creak and groan beneath our weight as much . clearly the government had that this lighthouse was operational and i suppose that made sense . it t hurt to have one more beacon out at sea . xb and i the lighthouse tower in silence . it was one hell of a climb but to investigate and i was admittedly curious as to what it was like at the top myself . at the top of the lighthouse we could see most of the monolith far below us through the mist . the sea out into the infinite void of white mist and we were a view of its true majesty . but there was still something about the that we did see . xb s camera as he snapped a photograph . this is gorgeous he said under his breath . we could get some outstanding from up here ! i just silently in response . the shining beacon spun slowly behind us sending its light far away . my studied the sea before i down to the monolith below us . xb just outside of the installation i saw small moving amongst the mist and i squinted to try and get a better look at them . i don t think we re alone . and down . it took him a minute to see what i saw . do you think someone saw us come in ? it s possible i . we should go . we get back to the car and get the hell out of here . xb . he t like the idea but he ' t disagree . in the lighthouse tower would effectively cornered us and neither of us that . i back down the again taking them almost two at a time and i could hear behind me . we the landing where the lighthouse . there was a closed door that i assumed led outside and i almost considered taking it . to do so would meant we d find ourselves at the top of the cliff with no clear way down . we to go out the way we d come in through the staircase . xb i saw it through a doorway that had forced open when he d come in first . it was to so he d probably broken it easily . with my friend behind me i for those and i t linger on them . i hurried down not thinking about whether the could handle my speed . i could hear coming down behind me and the metal in protest . i t have been when it gave out but i still was . xb as we were the final few gave a sudden cry before a section of the spiral snapped beneath him . i t see him fall but i saw him hit the ground and i his cry of pain . hell ! ? ! xb as i the ground again i saw what had hurt him . a section of the broken metal had left a jagged tear in his calf . blood soaked through his jeans and his leg his teeth to stop himself from screaming . the sight of all that blood turned my stomach and as the panic set in it harder to think clearly . we to go ! xb can you stand ? he just at me and i took its meaning to be that he t exactly get up on his own . i rushed over to him offering him a hand to pull him to his . come on man come on xb did what he could to pick himself up and he cried out in pain as he did . he almost outright before he himself . his wounded leg under his weight as he against the wall for support . hold still just see how bad it is ! i down looking at the bleeding gash in s leg . i t a doctor . i had no idea how to diagnose any of this but it bad . we need to get you to a doctor i finally said . no ! xb the last thing i was his attitude at that moment but i tried to ignore it . let s get you back to the car the car ? you want me to walk back to the car ? . he loudly and . you get ? i m bleeding you daft ! we re not sneaking past whoever s in here ! be a man and bite the bloody bullet ! call for help ! somewhere in the base i movement and spun around . with all the noise we were making of course we d already been found . xb i at before that there t much of a choice . he was right . sneaking to the car t an option . over here ! i . my friend s hurt bad ! bring help ! the movement in the grew closer and i saw a man enter the room . thank god do you have a phone ? should we call an ambulance ? i . the man t reply . he stood in the doorway staring at us before he to approach . as he drew though something off . xb his gait was slow and sluggish . he like a drunkard dragging his and staggering towards us . i could hear water dripping onto the concrete floor as if this newcomer had just out of the sea . as he got closer i could make out some of the of his uniform . it was dark blue with a white belt . his clothes were soaking wet and dripping onto the floor . i could see a white undershirt clinging to his chest as he drew . his skin so pale it almost to glow in the dim light . his sunken in and hollow . staring at him filled me with a quiet creeping dread and i found myself from him . xb sir ? i . still no response . behind him i could see two similarly dressed men entering the room behind him . like him they with a shuffling gait and water from their . ? . what the is wrong with them ? i had no answer . i t know what i was looking at but i knew that it the piss out of me ! i those from my research on my screenplay . they were naval . not just naval they were old . these like era not what you d see on a few security or god forbid the police ! xb ? again . they were so close to us now and getting closer with every passing second and i finally found my voice again . run ! i by the wrist not if he could actually run or not . wait ! he . the camera ! xb he tried to pull away from me and reach for the camera . with everything that had i t that he d it when he d fallen through the . i t even thought about the bloody camera ! leave it ! i but away from me almost to snatch the camera off the ground . xb i felt a cold wet hand my arm in an iron grip . one of the dead eyed me towards the door and me off my . i watched as his and to drag him along the concrete floor leaving a trail of blood in his wake as he and in their grip . let me go ! you let me the go ! xb i tried to brace my against the concrete and pull myself free but the sailor who had a grip on me would not relent . without a word from our and i were dragged through the abandoned monolith and out through the way we d come in . around us i saw other dead eyed . most were some were dressed in other . i spotted a couple of in more modern attire . all of them were pale and dripping wet . all of them dead . what the ? w what the ? i yell . his voice with fear . he t know what was going on than i did and truth be told i t want to know ! xb as we were dragged out of the monolith i saw even more of the dead men around us . they stood around mindless of this place and they upwards towards the top of the cliff . my upwards looking at the lighthouse we had just been inside . the light from its beacon cut through the mist and far out over the sea and as i up at it i that even the monolith still its purpose . at one point half of that purpose had been to launch but the other half was to see safely home . xb looking around at the dead men around me i that these were those who had been by the sea home at last . let go ! let go ! and his brought me back to reality . i ahead of us to where the dead were trying to drag us . i could hear the against the and a spike of panic rose in my chest . xb they were us to the sea and if they did not stop they d drag us to the watery that they d come from and then we like them would be of the sea . dead bound to return to this place by whatever unnatural thing had risen them from their . xb no . no i t want to die . not like this ! xb with all of my strength i and fought . i brought my leg around to kick at the sailor who was dragging me but he barely to flinch and his iron grip t let up . no ! no ! no ! xb my frantic t register with me at first but when they did they actually unnerved me . my were wide open as i against the grip of the sailor dragging me to my death . i wished we d never of the monolith . i wished we d never come to that wretched place ! we were so close to the now and i braced my against them trying to hold some sort of ground and stop myself from being dragged into oblivion . the sailor dragging me only for a moment and i saw an opening . i at his knee suddenly and i felt it snap and bend in half . he t make a sound . his grip t even let up but he did fall . xb i to stand over him and twisted his arm back behind him until i the bone snap . his grip on me and i felt a sudden spike of joy ! i was free ! xb ! i over at and as i did i saw other dead eyed looking at me . i saw their moving towards me . if i ran for they would have gotten me . there was no way to free him and fight off more of those cold undead ! no i t do that xb i took a step back clearing the way for the dead to drag to the edge of the sea as he my name . ! help me ! i t though . xb i d tried we d both have ended up dead . even if i d that wound in his leg was too serious . he d have no way to run and even if he d made it to my car he d have out before we got him to safety ! no no was dead the moment he d fallen . my camera was in his hand and i almost went in to grab it . almost . xb what few we d taken were not worth my life though . i would not be to the monolith that much was for sure and i left it behind along with as i turned to run . xb ! i him scream after me but i t look back . xb ! help me ! ! ! xb i ran as fast as my could carry me past sluggish dead and towards the hole we d cut in the fence . i t stop until i was inside my car and speeding off down the road we d come down . xb in my mirror i saw the of what were once men trying to pursue me but i was free of them . soon they into the mist along with s final . xb i will not return to the monolith . xb i have seen all that i to see of that place and i know that no good can come of being there . i know that among the dead that may arise from the sea as the mist the old fortress there is a figure with the face of a friend . perhaps is dead and gone for good . perhaps his corpse t rise with the but i m happy never knowing for sure . too many nights i up in a cold sweat from a dream of wrapping his cold dead around my throat and dragging me from my bed and some nights i swear i hear the steady drip of water onto my bedroom floor . the pounding on my window me awake my heart already pounding enough to hurt my chest . someone was outside my house . i slipped out of bed without turning on the of them to my movement . very quietly i my phone then slipped out of my bedroom and into the living room where the moon shone clearly through the glass . a fresh clear human handprint had been left on the other side of the window . the intruder had obviously been there just before ducking out of sight right before i could catch a glimpse . i forced myself to cry silently as i raised a shaking hand the curtain s cord and . the sound gave me away . thump a hand against the window but the curtain had the room into darkness . i t see what was on the other side . thump thump silently i backed away . i quietly around the furniture trying to put as much space as possible between the intruder and myself . rattle rattle squeak . had i locked the back door ? i turned around and into the next room . the moonlight was bright enough to make the back door quite visible . two were very clear . the first is that i had to lock the . the second is that the was the only thing protecting me because i d forgotten the lock in the knob itself . someone was turning it from the other side slowly but forcefully trying to push the door open . squeak i over to the door as quickly as i could without making any noise . by the time i the opposite wall my were shaking so badly that i t know if i d be able to operate the lock . i out my trembling touched the knob closed my and it into place . then i back like my hand had been burned . for a moment nothing . then the intruder got angry . slam slam slam they must have been hurling their entire body at the door shaking the whole frame . i turned and ran into my bedroom diving under the . i tried to catch my breath . i t catch my breath . two of them were outside my house . for the moment they t get inside . i around my bedroom wishing that i d down every curtain or at least that the moon t so bright . because it would have the visual of my mattress sagging just slightly . my rolled toward the edge as i froze . a finger over the corner of my mattress . i t move . a second finger then a third and finally a whole hand . it inched toward me like a spider the space ahead for vulnerable flesh . i was already curled up in the farthest possible corner . there was no retreat left to take . the hand forward at an angle that forced me to accept what i d been someone was under my bed . and their hand was pale blue . the chill down my spine grew more and more intrusive before i finally that something was tickling the back of my neck . i whipped my head around . a blue wiggly finger with a dirty broken nail was now poking around the opposite side of the mattress proving that the intruder s arms were spread impossibly wide . panic me . i sprang out of bed the strong pinching my and ass as i tumbled forward . i caught my balance while running and barreled out the bedroom door . i consciously looking anywhere but straight ahead while racing through the living room and into the hallway . i to a halt just below the attic access leaping for the cord as a loud groan from my bedroom . i the cord . thump something was moving into the living room . i again . i again . thump they were following my path into the hall . i leapt for the cord once more falling short by a laughably wide margin . thump they to drive me out the front door undoubtedly into the arms of the waiting outside . i and one more time the cord and down the foldable ladder with all my body weight . groan it was just behind me at the end of the hall but i knew better than to look . i was halfway up the ladder before it took another step . i into the attic rolled over and down to pull the ladder up behind me . it t move . the intruder had the lower and was back . i nearly threw up . instinct faster than conscious thought i had a heavy storage box and it to the opening before stopping to think . i had just enough time to read from hill st . written on the side before pushing the box over the edge . crunch the were heavy enough to knock the intruder aside . i quickly up the ladder closed the hatch and to the corner of my attic . that s when the . up and down the hall over and over while i shiver in the darkness with no idea what comes next . because even the best laid can go awry in the of ways . i d the family for before moving on them . they t supposed to come home while i broke into their house . i d almost made it out when they returned early . what do you have once someone seen your face ? i their little boy first so that he t have to watch his die . see ? i m not a total monster . i finished his quickly with minimal physical suffering . it was unfortunate but straightforward . at least it had been until they out of the ground and stalking me . and that is much much more problematic than it . how do you stop someone you already ? obviously i can t tell the what s happening . even if they me there s nothing they could do to help . i d just rot in a jail cell waiting for them to come . because they always find me no matter where i go . they haven t caught me yet but i m running out of . i don t know what they intend to do to me but there s a one hundred percent chance it won t be something nice . and now i m stuck in my attic with no plan and no hope as they pace ceaselessly below me . i guess i m getting what i was like any other day . that ' s an awful way to begin . it was nothing like any other day . the sky was overcast with the sun making short to burst through the thick dark blanket above with small success . i was standing in my flat staring from the second story window at the frothing sea the dock the people passing by one another the rain met the windowpane in long that at the base of the . the internal of an everyman were far beyond me as this had been the portal to the whole entire world for me since my fifth birthday . i ' d been put here in this flat by my mother my father was some seafaring man that had kin at every port . i lived in that place with my mother till the day she from morphine overdose . the visiting it had been a suicide from an issue in her mind . a sickness of the mind could never be not really so rather than alleviate the struggle she ' d win the fight one sweaty twilight two prior to the night i found myself looking out that window . she still had the needle in her stiff corpse when my grandfather had the police . my grandfather a man hardly ever at home to begin with traveled from place to place earning what money he could . i never understood the man but his ruddy face beamed from long in the sun and his leather could snap a lesser man ' s jaw . but he was the joker the clown the jolly sort . he ' d hopped aboard a ship shortly after the death of my mother and i d not seen him since . as a ward of the state i had my dole beyond there was hardly anything left . still the man that my slipped me paperback here and there . it took to accumulate the meager library beneath my bed . i out the window and watched the people living their . it ' s a funny thing watching the people from merely away never further than shouting distance and yet i saw them live their . the grew up the shrank into wrinkled wicked . examining humanity through the window was perhaps the most excruciating thing . that ' s not entirely true . the that up at me while i tried to sleep at night was the worst . they ' d chuck at my window and holler till dawn . i tried once pouring hot water on them but i was for that . so i let them be . they did not pay me the same courtesy . how long had it been since i ' d been staring out that window ? i ' t remember my exact age . sometimes it felt as though my voice had long since away . i would cough into my hand or work out a noise so as to convince myself that i ' d not lost it . my social were weak among my and i knew i ' d never marry . that was an aspiration i ' d long given up on . i ' t quite human . i ' t so far removed from one but there was hardly a passing thought of being exactly man anywhere in my mind . i was an ever present observer to a world i could not fathom . the day went along till it was black night . i watched as a man coming from the maybe swaggering tipsy from old rum against a set of tarp covered . he his sides as the vomit came . after his flat cap he twisted around to meander down the way but he was stopped by a pair of shadowed large . the shining blade stood out in dark contrast against the moonlight and within the poor drunkard was on the ground reaching out his clawed . he d been undoubtedly . and given the way he laid in the street as the away he was dying . all i could do is watch . i t dare scream . i t dare phone the police . i t dare disturb the world out there because it t mine . the man there on the ground his arms and i could see for the very of a flash of white light escape from the back of his throat and fire into the sky like the gorgeous spirit it was . it was the man s essence i saw leave . i watched him from my window and as he went still i closed the withdrawing into another world with a good book . that night i was plagued by wild of men and being turned inside out . they off the crime scene and the other of my building . i was the last the police as i d received quite the reputation among my community . people knew i was the weird lonely bachelor living on the second floor . the police hardly took me seriously and i t care . i t tell them about the way the man had . the reality of what that night might as well have been something from one of my fiction . the real thing that me most was how his spirit had left his body . it must have been a delusion of some kind . there was no way i d seen what i thought i d seen right ? days went on and whenever i watched the people down on the street i a keen eye to the that them . i d never seen them before but nevertheless there they were great white mist like that over the every move . i am forced to recall the wild of my mother whenever she would call out the beyond reason during one of her indulgent down the morphine railway . she would stare at the with wide sobering as though there were an alien creature directly in front of her then she would pull my face to meet hers and tell me that the thing following me was made of the white light she d ever seen . when i think of this i m given . it s preposterous of course . there are no such as and they most certainly don t follow us around . and yet i see them every day . the man my upon entering my flat had a dark foreboding nature about him . i could feel it more than i could physically see it . as he stepped out of my abode he waved me good by and i saw the presence of his spirit . it was soft and slow falling into his step as though it were confused by some time dilation . it came as no surprise to me when i was notified that he d in a freak accident . the poor bastard had been struck by a fallen . i could only wonder if a white light shot from his body when he . i studied myself in the mirror and i can tell you that i yet to see a thing following me . i keep waiting for it . sometimes i m sure i can feel the presence of the thing over my shoulder . i wonder whether they re or from a dimension unknown . whatever the case i d decided to keep a close watch over the from then on . then the brain came . i was half reading from a book and half watching from my window as i on a bit of . something out of the corner of my eye forced me to put my book down and stand to press my face against the glass . standing in the street there was a spirit without an owner . it stood as frozen as a pillar while the people by without it . i had to consciously force myself to breathe . for the of i was certain the thing would suck my away . it did not . instead it gently up to my second story window and there for a moment waiting for me to open the window . i felt cold sweat all over me . did it want me to open the window ? did it wish to carry me outside ? before i could wonder the i was reaching out for the window prying it up and seeing the thing without the murky shade of the window . there it was in stunning clarity . a screaming wide open mouth shaped of smoke or some like vapor . i the thing to drag me out right then and there . it did not . it itself to infinity in a vertical line till there was nothing left but an opening a pocket a beautiful thing beyond that human could not conceive ! what swelled from that gash of light in the material world was nothing short of a miracle . the bulbous brain slipped its way into this reality and the thing beyond closed so that i could have never said it ! the brain in my flat my window by some unseen force . what are you ? the from me . no time said the brain you must understand . i must show you enlighten you . humanity s time come and already . time does not exist on a line it is merely the way that you perceive it . but there is hope yet for your kind perhaps . you are after all no more than a collection of many . my mouth agape i could feel my own brain rattling within my skull . the whole world came down around me and it was rebuilt within like melting glass . i could see yonder upon the horizon a great fleshy black globe with spider that sprang out in all in length . the thing that i knew in my heart of hearts to be a creature of uncanny magnitude came into the earth and there was nothing left there save me and the floating brain once the . it took some time to realize i was screaming . once in the place of structure came the great fleshy from the ground whipping groping out at one another until the were connected in some rubbery fibrous entirely organic in nature . flesh earth and fire sky . the floating brain did not speak but i m sure that went by and i spoke many . my mouth as time fell away around me and the and the great gory that came with the passage of time too left and were by a vast nothingness . a void . worse than a void . there was no air and my were of no use in that place . i was gasping and they were long to dust like that of an hourglass . i am sure that i could not have been there in that physical plain because it was not physical in the . we were merely floating through space without . open black as i watched astral debris fly by in blinks it took too long or no time at all for me to realize that we were in fact not moving but that everything around us . i stood in that nothing there and the floating brain turned so that its frontal lobe would face me . it is not until now that i wonder why there were no to speak of . you see then that terrible are right on the horizon for you and yours . you must warn them . then it came . the light at the edge of my periphery swelled until it my vision entirely and i was no longer standing in space alongside that eldritch thing but out of the window of my flat . beneath lining the wall of my building were a series of young up at me with wild . i felt a solid object sting me between the then came the downpour of blood smoothing down my nose . touching my to the spot on my brow i one of the had thrown a rock at me . lucky shot . glancing down again i could see the mischievous grin of a small girl with her face into a beanie and fisherman s coat . i the window and to my wound . had i lost my mind ? had i experienced some sort of mental break ? what was the matter with me ? after waiting for the blood to stop coming with a piece of cotton against my forehead i moving through the apartment . my and i felt simultaneously dizzy and lucid all at once . i read about whiplash and i m to believe that i was suffering some cosmic version of that . every time i tried in on the i saw i could audibly hear the in my head . i would have this to hallucination if it were not for the fact that i stood in the frame of my mirror and saw that my right eyeball had with the crimson liquid . i been with the in that place the brain took me . it is the future . those . i know they are coming . they will take us . they will meet us in space and swallow us in wrath . they will flay us free us of our and sew us together so that the earth is wrapped in the gore . they are coming ! each morning i wake up to flood my of the stain the have left there . i am going blind . i left the apartment for the first time since i was five old and i grab people on the streets in the daylight screaming at them to help me prepare do something ! the people must know of their imminent doom ! i am a raving loon and no one me . they think i a rotten brain no matter how i struggle . most times this with me being locked up for the night but i know better than them . i try to tell them of what yet to come what always will be what . there is no place for an oracle in this modern world and yet i do it . consider this to be no different . what is coming for us all is the most damnable evil . the only wear on to the point that i am a difficult time distinguishing what they are and what the real world is . have they come already ? the ghastly white that follow have only grown and i am certain they are connected . i can say with absolute certainty that they know i know of them . sometimes i awaken in the middle of the night to those awful and i can see something misty white over my headboard . i am frozen still as i look up through one blurry eye . and i wonder if this is what my mother saw . watch i have extreme insomnia and i only sleep for around . to a day at best . sometimes i even sleep every other day for or so . i am telling you these just to let you know i never dream . i have never since i was . every night i would just go to sleep and then wake up like no time . but today was different so much different as i only had around of time before my class which was at a . m . i am at my early ' s so i have classes . i set my alarm to and then went to sleep . all i can remember is i woke up tried to open my but i . this all the time sometimes the just say " " and won ' t open unless i plug them back tightly . i tried to take my screwdriver to open the case but i ' t lift it . i could feel the screwdriver in my hand but nothing would happen it was as if i had literally no strength . i was so confused i ' t even think i had until i saw myself . i was there still in bed not moving at all not even breathing . i checked the clock it was am it had been since i slept at best . i was . you see i was always the depressed kind of a person i can ' t even remember the last time i felt something for myself at least . i ' t even feel sad when something bad to me i would feel nothing like i ' m hollow inside . but the sight of that me seeing yourself dead ? what the was going on ? i know i have a heart condition and i ' m not healthy at all i always drink coffee more than a normal human does but did i really die ? i ' t do anything i could walk i could feel when i touched them my body but i had no power i ' t apply force to anything . i tried to get out of my door but as i always close my door i ' t do that at first . i thought about my i had to go near them and in the blink of an eye i was at their room . i cried and and did everything i ever could i tried shaking them . " surprisingly " nothing . i thought about my only friend and then i was in his room . you see i have never been to his room and he never me his room . we never send of ourselves to each other . he was sleeping i did my best against him too . nothing . the only thing i saw was a blue light it was so bright that it hurt my so i ' t stare at it . it spoke to me it had the voice of a child but it was different it was as if it had of different if that sense . the only thing it said was " are you ? do you feel lonely ? " i tried speaking but nothing at first as the light got bigger and bigger revealing its shape . it . was . a . . . accurate . angel . how the was it real ? how the could religion be real ? i felt like my head was going to explode . i have migraine but no pain was equal to the pain i felt after looking at it . it said " there is no reason for you to be afraid alas you still ' t look directly . " . i was confused it ' t use weird language like the in dark if you know what i mean . i was finally able to speak but its voice over mine saying i can not be to leave or speak under its presence . it made itself smaller so that i could stand up again . i stood up and what to me . it ' t give me an answer but a thought came to my mind one of my last friend ago in a car crash . i thought about her and then i was at the cemetery in which she was buried . i for her grave she was standing there doing nothing . she instantly at me i could feel the happiness in her face . we i crying and she said " so it to you too huh ? sorry but i can ' t feel sad it been so long since i could talk to someone . " i said " yeah i can see this happening to me too . i have never been happier to see you . how long it been ? " she said she ' t know aside from the fact that it had been way too long and she like she would ' of old age if it ' t for the crash . i her once again and cried my out . she me back and said " you feel lonely don ' t you ? you feel everything but you can not touch anything . " i and what she said froze me she " then why ' t you ever came to visit me ? " she was right i never her grave after she . i tried speaking but i was interrupted with tingling from my whole body . the blue light came again my friend saw it and the light said " it is not your time yet . go back human . " and my friend said . i ' t even say to her and woke up with a huge pain in my chest . the time was . my heart rate is always above but this time i could feel it being over . i cried and myself before standing up . i instantly went to the kitchen lit a smoke and my only friend about what just . i the whole thing to my only friend while crying and i for him to wake up . and he woke up at am . he me back and i was still crying and still smoking non stop . he such as what time it was how long it took and how did his room look like . i said " your room only had other sides were covered with . your computer desk was light brownish and it was even than mine even though you are actually more . your monitor was and you were sleeping in dark blue triangle patterned . " and he ' t respond for a minute or so . after then he said " ? " and sent me . his room his desk and his . everything was the same as i said . i genuinely thought it was all a up dream before he sent me these . you see before this sometimes i would wish that i would die in my sleep . but now no . i do not want to die . ever . and if you are depressed and want to die don ' t . you do not wish to die . if that thing i saw was an angel i want to go to hell . welcome back to the place where even death may die . for those of you living under a rock or maybe turned your nose up at my first dictation to the about how dissecting and is never straightforward you can catch up here . in short i do what it on the tin i am responsible for keeping the only and mortuary for in sturgeon running . it s been a hot minute since we last spoke about the with the city in his body the mystery in his prophetic final and the sigil left by the eponymous . i was they d simply offer us a discount burial and that this was some next level type marketing by the sturgeon think tank those were trying to recreate inferno last i checked so it t out of the question . chino de la sturgeon my colleague over at the sturgeon nightmare detective agency thought otherwise however . you of the within sturgeon before right ? he handed me a hot cup of coffee the morning chill still visible in every breath he took as he came into the building . did i mention i early ? we headed up to my office a small area the autopsy workshop that us to have a private chat . beyond s squeamishness there were still they simply t ready to know . the were one of them . i know of the order of the moth but that s because we had to provide evidence at a trial some time ago maybe ? i felt my body shiver the cold indifference of the job giving way ever so slightly to the understandable pain of seeing someone tortured for being what they were . i took a long sip of the coffee and over to my file cabinet searching for the . they me to provide a cause of death after an incident went wrong between a member of the order and a young . they the pact was broken and the member went above and beyond to lure her out and capture her . when we found the poor soul she was covered in defensive wounds full of hunger and fear her stomach marked with a brand of ownership half of it burnt into her body and the other physically in i and the file in front of him a young woman in her s all the potential in the world out and laying on a cold indifferent slab to be poked and at . her fair skin and once vibrant now sallow vacant and full of . the name s . h . above it . chino shook his head and pocketed the file . yeah the think all they need to do is capture contain and control the rogue and . they think only by subjugation do we grow . if you ask me t no different to enslavement but i guess that s why they re seen as more than a tangible entity at least for now . what in the end ? i back in my chair my vision blur and my body relax the bedside manner again falling away and the scope of the job coming back into focus . why i did this in the first place . exile . he free but was from the order while that family lost their next matriarch . may be seen as ravenous inconsolable with nothing but hunger in them but that group stood for because of their willingness to compromise acclimate and respect the pact . the just saw them as another animal to put down . i the coffee and got up . you said there are ? yeah there s a few with different when it comes to the divide in sturgeon . some are in plain sight are a little more obscure . but these ? he at the sigil on the makeshift board we d put up a few choice of the and thought ranging from to for their idea back none of which around an actual identity . he shook his head . these are off the grid . truly truly off the grid . but one thing is for certain they be back . let em i make sure my are sharp and ready to welcome them in . maybe i offer them a slice of before i cut their off and feed em to the council ? . don t play around . he and got up his coat . oh i know you don t . it like they know that too otherwise their message t be as ostentatious . i d wager they re only be with the next one . especially now now ? i concern beginning to loom over me . his with curiosity and matching concern . now that they know they gotten under your skin . after a day off to decompress get some external in and sleep because honest to god my nervous ass it i and dealt with a grief stricken family of kappa their patriarch had been fishing and with what they think was a cayman . it t end well for him . they me if i did any kind of reconstructive with so that he t immediately fall apart for a water burial as was tradition for a total dissolution of his form if it t be done so as to avoid further pain . not wanting to offend i that our acidic burial option would be ready as soon as our last client a large giant bat for those unfamiliar would be done in our suspended vat . i was in the middle of explaining the procedure when an ear splitting crash came from my workshop . the of metal being against a concrete floor the of against a wall and hurried rushing towards the main door . the group of us at that spot for what felt like before four sharp and emphatic rang out the retreating away immediately after . i profusely to the kappa family and to see them later in the day with getting their and offering a small discount for the shock . calling chino i slowly towards the door a strong sense of dread and concern my with each stride i took across the hardwood floor . every painting in the building bearing down on me as if observing my every move . i felt like a rat in a maze the only one who t know how to get to the cheese . that better in my head but i was paranoid . hand on the large metallic handle i felt a shock go through my body akin to a jolt from rubbing your on the carpet and touching elsewhere but . i and something from the floor of my workshop . laughter . without a second thought to consider my practice and clientele i the door open and rushed downstairs eager to catch the little that d snuck in to with my business . was it a fae ? a puka ? a hobgoblin ? i spied the council all their out and observing the rush of movement in front of them . the elder a goliath forward and his on the glass . lord did you see who the hell just ran through here ? i walking casually over . he backed up his in a defensive stance . do i smell funny ? i stopped and it shook its at me the door above now slowly shut . your eagerness always been a downfall host . why did you come in when you knew of danger ? it back down and its . did your companion not warn you ? sure enough when i in my pocket and saw at the bottom . i the elder and several other intonate the same word in one eerie chorus . cold . i felt my blood chill as the giggling behind me and the door shut . i d let it in . i turned slowly to see a man . standing in my doorway and pointing at me . his shining bald head with and the hidden behind circular black and a thick red ascot with plaid covering his neck . his laughter around the room in unnatural it was shrill pitching up and down like he was finding a note dynamics shifting from boisterous to subdued . but what t what unnerved me . his finger shook violently as he . but that t what unnerved me . he took large comical down the staircase like a cartoon character strutting . but that t what unnerved me . it was his face . no it t filled with of innumerable sharp teeth or a smile from ear to ear . it was neutral . devoid of any kind of emotion or expression . but he was still . . laughing . his jaw grew slack and the teeth mechanically part to let out a croak as he . ha . . ha . . ha . . i backed up my on the table behind me and gripping a scalpel i put it in front of me and a space between us . trying to muster up some degree of confidence i put on my most commanding voice . you re you creepy bald take your laugh box and go somewhere else before i stop you being able to laugh again ya hear me ! ? if i frightened him he t show it in the . dull slowly rotated to the left and his hand and snapped until it was pointing across and towards the of the room where my main table was . a body on the table . a body that had most certainly not been there beforehand suddenly upright pointing back at the laughing man and the hand moving up and down like a puppet . a cloth still covering his frame but the jaw moving almost mechanically as it grew slack and tight . it was most certainly a person . and was most certainly not alive . as soon as it turned towards me it all expression and back on the table with a thud my nearby loudly . what the why the hell is there a human in your workshop ? i up at the door and saw chino out of breath and staring wide eyed down at the scene in front of me . the laughing man was nowhere to be seen and the body was cold on the table as if i d never . i back against the table her head out to crawl onto my shoulder . maybe she could count as an emotional support spider . you t t see him ? i breathed chino coming down hastily to check on me brotherly concern his tired face . i see one dead and a frightened pathologist . is this a client ? i shook my head brushing him off as i myself and over to inspect the body firmly in hand just in case . i took a long look at his face before steeling my resolve and my coat and apron on the and my . you can watch from upstairs i call you if i need you . i was cold to the point but it had to be this way . thankfully chino was used to how i and no resistance simply and made his way upstairs . i was glad he t see . not like this . i knew the man on my operating table . his jaw up with that dug into the and split the skin as they up into a forced smile . smaller under the to give them a bigger raise and two m s into either side of his . memento . the kind man they had was de la sturgeon the head of the sturgeon and one of the from sturgeon s human side to the nightmare county . the same chino came from . the man who him . and they him . god . i already these people that much was certain . but i was of what i was going to find inside this man . patient . human male aged . unknown cause of death at this time starting with usual y incision . i the down behind me and let weave a small web around it . she the device and it kept her away from my busy . i was every moment of this and t need any further . it felt weird to autopsy a human body . especially after so long . this t exciting for me or intriguing . no it was the simple deafening mundanity of human mortality . but i it to him to do this right . the on his face serving as a reminder that there was a message no a lesson the had for me . i to do this to learn more . i made the standard y incision across the torso and the skin back on top of my and her as she saw meat in front of her . cracking the and always will be one of the most unpleasant . the general sound of an animal s being split and snapped still it almost impossible to enjoy certain nowadays . especially when you know how much easier it is to do with the right human are at their core fragile at best . another reminder of our mortality . as soon as i some space i the reason this poor man was on my desk and reduced to nothing more than unnecessary and uncomfortable labour his were missing . in their place were an assortment of party and incompatible . were bright blue the bladder a squirting flower his spleen a black orb in a small cage that you d usually see in the soul of dark more on them another time . the liver switched out for a small pit where multiple at and them into a forth his heart a bright red ball that when what kind of creature would do this i out loud chino still not aware from that distance just who i was working on . i mean we could argue it ' s a trickster god the order as a but this . . . he off scratching his beard . forced maybe ? like they want it to be seen as a trick . and what the hell is on his ? i down at the blanket covering him and t imagine how i d the size of his before with elongated jutting out . back the blanket i reeled slightly as i saw them in their full deformed glory . like foot binding they d been and malformed twisted and contorted to look like clown . a thick carapace had been to the skin that to come off it was black with white and as if it d been fused with the dermis the portion of the skin . all across his skin were the unity over and over . it was no coincidence they chose the ambassador for our to the of the night . they to make a mockery of his work by twisting his message of understanding and cohesion into a literal experiment . my bile and looking back at his body the lower were what stuck out the most . shrink wrapped like sausage links with small of paper inside i carefully removed them after snipping away any tissue and them in a metal container with the other and a sickening . cutting into them i discovered what had been waiting for me . . countless hastily scribbled onto fine stationery . some neat and with beautiful cursive their content . in barely legible scratches . all of them begging for mercy . to the never dying one i do give a pound of flesh in servitude to the order in exchange for my freedom and that of my family . my kind will venture into the and steer clear of sturgeon . our kin will never try to dance or sing with the again . our will never pass their . our will fade in time . we just need time . the payment been made . i at the note laying it out on the table as i drained the first link of its meat and it in the same bucket before making an additional note on the both for brevity and for chino . patient s have been meticulously switched with various most of which would have been by the body . patient likely after organ transplant and from a mixture of sepsis and shock . lower intestine personal that were added at a glance posthumously . i up at chino and shook my head . just like last time it s a message . for both of us . i another note the meat and feeling my stomach turn as i read . for the i consent to a piece of me being forcibly taken . we will no longer watch over their young . we will never again answer their for assistance . we wish to survive and build anew at your behest . we beg for your mercy . we are mindful of death . kind of the . they knew only joy artistic and friendly at a distance . while there was a pact separating us that t mean they could not persist as fringe known to those who sought them out . what a cruel way for them to leave . at least i thought they left . but as drained the meat and read the next note and my stomach fell through the floor for the order i give flesh . i miss wife . i love my child . i will protect . we go into . never come back to sturgeon . old promise dead . new promise kept . momo never break promise . i knew these . i knew this creature . the monster is just a title they were given by the local . they were known colloquially as dah a kind of forest ape . but so much more complex than that translation could ever hope to intimate . they were kind considerate . they sang that bordered on operatic when the moonlight their in a white spotlight . they had a culture and this one this one saved a young from in sturgeon creek . my overconfident idiotic self from the and making sure i was breathing he carried me to safety and sat with me until i was better . he to me about how his wife a child like me one day flashing me a sea of yellow and black teeth and saying he too much . i him why he d ever help a human when so many would jump on the chance to take one of us near death . his smile faded and his bore deep into my soul as he took a breath . pact us . we do right by you . you do right by us . kindness is to be never . momo to always share . momo never break promise . i felt a lump in my throat as i put the note down and at the bucket now foreboding with the contents . so it went note after note from of all and sizes gave away their flesh for protection and asylum . i m sure they thought it was at least . but the more i read the more it was impossible to ignore the crushing reality of cruel done on the road to a higher purpose those are always with the of their . the bucket grew heavy and the chain to strain as i for the last note . the air thick as my met the red ink and carefully paced . something behind me and chino knocking on the window but i could barely hear him . xb . our first message was an introduction . our second is a lesson . piece by piece we march ever closer to death some than most . a woman who herself with death in the most literal sense is one we are most eager to meet . you are important . necessary . but still not ready . for now however we ask you to take heed of this lesson the bucket snaps and the contents spill onto the floor a squirming and squelching of meat on a marble floor is enough to make anyone gag . i snapped out of my trance to look and watch in horror as the mass to pulsate grow and morph . within it had formed patchwork arms and a faded red skin that over its hulking mass . the hairy arms of momo the luminous and bulbous of a dark watcher the spinal of a blood gorger and the anger of a thousand directed at me as it continued to grow . shaking i at the last few a lesson i would not soon forget for the . . . death is an open door . it in slow motion the kind of sensation you d get when you see a car veer into your lane on the highway . your stomach into shaky your shake and everything just slows into bullet time . the fist of a powerful rock demon down on the space i was prior the hate burning in its as it tried to roar but no noise came out instead a grimace plastering its patchwork face . i slipped and while that saved me from the first blow i m not quick enough to get out of dodge for the incoming hoofed leg of a sturgeon devil that s to crush me beneath its unforgiving weight . chino is standing at the top of the and he won t make it in time i get one look up at him to shake my head before it back to stomp . my close and i wait for the end to come . i think about the that led me to this establishment . the late nights the anatomy of kelpie that had me missing important awkward with who it to go somewhere but it never could the night where one friend a monster the lost . it d been a weird wonderful journey to being me . but beyond those lost i t regret a moment of it . i was ready . instead i hear a hissing sound and the of flesh by a thunderous slam . i open my to see the patchwork beast covered in of urticating from the council and a chino de la sturgeon hanging on the back trying his best not to put his or any part of him on the as he for a weak spot with his knife . you could been ! i cried not even thinking . that s a ft drop you maniac ! it was a risk on my part or certainty for you . . now can we talk about this after ? he the creature stumbling more so from the than his strength . i can t hold him you need to find something to put him down i can feel him growing . i to my and pocketing the dictator while rushing to my i frantically for anything in the index to combined nothing . what about ? nothing beyond the norm and this was not the norm . i shaking and my chest grew tight . if i t do something now chino and i would be a fleshy paste all along the and dead as a oh oh . i got it ! i to chino still hanging on as the beast its one digit hand to pull at his arms the of crunching under its grip not boding well . on i know what to do ! i around the of the room and over towards my work console where a slew of mechanical sat . i was no fighter but i had something to hand that d help i don t know if you can hear or understand me but maybe your can . but you picked the wrong day to spring a creature like this on me . at death may die we get of many of them needing unique . this . a clan member i a button and a large tankard full of suspended on a platform and chain above to lower the platform giving way and the contents to turn over against the lid . chino up and immediately himself away running for the corner as he . and lucky for you he s just about done . pushing the button again sent the tankard down towards the patchwork beast and out its contents all over its frame extra contents unfortunately coating the late and eating away at his skin the face in acid . the beast tried to stumble forward but rapidly decayed the still full of hate as they sank into the fleshy mass and . within two there was nothing but a bubbling pool of meat . and you call me insane . you get me ? that how you repay a brother for sticking up for you ? he was his chest and praying under his breath . easy big guy i think your god was looking out for you on that one . i out a hand and he cursed once more before taking it and getting to his . still i m not made of any stuff look at my ! sure enough they were shaking and i felt the enormity of what i d done overtake my body . but chino t looking at me . he was staring at the spot where the patchwork beast had once been . a sigil had formed in the wake of the fleshy mass the same sigil we d seen on the . but this time there was an amendment . the outer circle had been and scorched . the one birth . a message was beneath it the same two and a skull in the staring back at us your ambassador left his post . theirs will follow soon . a new kind of unity us all in the ground . our third message is personal . memento . retiring is something many wish to be able to do after they work for so long . well i don ' t get to do that for a while i ' m still young and recently working at a retirement home i am about to quit though . the whole story is way too bizarre to ever explain properly but i will try and keep it simple starting from point a to point b . like i said i am and if you know what ' s good you won ' t get a job there yourself . alright about a week ago i a new job at this retirement home i saw a flyer on a wall over at a dollar general . i them and was the job almost immediately no interview . it was weird getting there about ten down the road i had to take a turn on a street i never even of despite living here for nearly a decade . i went in for my first day and had a pretty experience . i met the . my being . . and . beck . they always got along with everyone and did what was . a few days pass and i learn that they have no it was sad so i spent more time with them and we had fun . we would all play sorry or we would play go fish anything to make them feel happy . they so happy when i left but today something was very wrong . i went into work like i normally do and i wish i ' t . they ' t die or anything in fact none of them like ever . nobody in the retirement home in the past thirty of operation . so today i went in early because i was getting everything ready for my favorite people . i wish i turned around immediately . the road wrong driving through and the building like it was rippling like water . walking in you could smell death and all the people were facing the same direction at me . there were no i through to find my favorite three for i door to door until i found them . i can ' t explain what was wrong just that it was . the door felt like fire i swung it open and was met with an icy feeling i in the room and i could see the three of my favorite . but that was all i they all a gelatinous body a body that almost ghostly with long over the and . the bed with them the desk the everything was becoming them until it the room . you could feel it staring but it had no real just dark on the it used . the creature seemingly melted . i took this chance to run . i thought i was fine but when i back it was there it was its from the the rippling and i ran from the door to my car as the me but i drove fast enough to escape . looking back in the mirror i could see the building collapse into a disgusting mass of fleshy gel floating in it it ' t have any real firm except for what it . it one more time into a long tendril just a large gelatinous worm covered with more and it melted into the ground . as it did the road and i was caught in the middle of the by myself . i don ' t know what it was that i saw but it ' t matter anyways it would become anything else it needs . i don ' t know what its plan was if it to eat me it could have easily . i have so many and i can not seem to get i still feel uneasy and empty . i can no longer trust anything not now . anything can be that worm . i say " without a head " but i can ' t be certain . i ' m just telling you what i thought i saw . not long ago i returned to campus from thanksgiving break and am writing this while sitting at my desk in my dorm . it ' s late and i ' shut the to the window in front of me . the only light in the room is from my computer screen . they say writing is the best therapy . being an major who often is by his own and frequently solace in writing i ' m to believe this . so here i am away . i ' m not home for . my think i ' m being ridiculous but i ' them to come visit me here instead . you ' re about to find out why . my live atop a mountain in a secluded wooded area of north near a stream . they ' re both in their s . they had me later on in life and are getting ready to retire . they to this house recently because they to divorce themselves from the world and find a house to die in peacefully one day . this house was perfect for their . the driveway was long and winding going all the way down the mountain . the whole way down there sat no other or of any kind save for the occasional derelict barn . this was my first time at their new place and they if i ' d like to help them with the thanksgiving grocery shopping . we were supposed to host a big family gathering in the house in the next few days . i told my i ' d much rather stay home with my book . i was reading " the legend of sleepy hollow " out of one of those thick you need for your major classes as someone . i to write my final essay for literature about the story and this was my third or fourth time going over it . i felt i had everything i to write the paper . at this point i was just reading it again for my own enjoyment . i told my i to get to work on my paper though . finding themselves unable to object to me doing my homework my bid me good bye and soon were on their way down the mountain while i was left alone . it was rather early when they left . no later than two in the afternoon if that . but they it might take a while as we had a lot of coming and a lot of food . i had nothing to do but continue enjoying " sleepy hollow " and maybe start on the paper if i felt like it . i still had plenty of time before it was due at the end of the semester . my car was in the shop that day so i ' t really leave if i to . this was fine by me though . i sat on the living room sofa all cozy with my favorite story . on occasion after finishing a paragraph i ' d look up and gaze out the large window at the natural beauty . i ' d drawn the so i could take it all in . i could see that the spacious front yard was empty and peaceful . that is until an unfamiliar car came rolling up seemingly out of nowhere . i . i squinted with confusion watching the car crawl to a halt almost directly in front of the window . though it was the middle of the afternoon the car ' s shone bright . i ' m not an encyclopedia when it comes to car and but in its shape the car vaguely a hearse and was completely black and elongated . it quite old and like it was well traveled being with dried mud and seemingly coated in dust . the were completely out . i ' t see who was inside . i slowly set my book down on the sofa . the first thing i did was lock the front door . then i to the kitchen and locked the back door . i came back to the living room to look out the window and i saw the car still sitting there in the driveway its engine humming softly . i to think of all the of who it could be . my first thought was that it was some lost food delivery person . then i if it was one of my " they were always private about their social so i knew none of them or even someone who got the date of the thanksgiving gathering wrong i admit i know none of my extended family . but no one got out of the car . it almost as if no one was inside and the car had driven itself here . i at it for several more . for perhaps ten or more the car just sat there the engine still running . i briefly thought about going out to confront whoever it was but i felt vulnerable in my meager frame . the thing i ever was probably a copy of harry potter and the deathly . i then thought to call my and ask if they were anyone but something told me i was in immediate danger and i decided to go ahead and call the police . now up in the you get terrible if any cell phone reception so you had to rely on . when i told the operator about the car she me my location . she by the address . " you sure that ' s where you ' re at ? " the operator . " there ' t been any property sold out there in . " " well my got a good deal on a house out here " i said . " i bet they did " the voice on the other end of the phone . " i don ' t know who in their right mind would build a house out there . " " yeah well someone did and it was on the market . " " i ' m sorry sweetie " the operator said she could sense i was i think . " the police are on the way . i hope they don ' t get lost . it can be tough to navigate that trail with all those dead and and turns . " i ' t even thought about that . i to grow worried . i out the living room window . the car still sat there engine and still on . it had been i believe roughly half an hour since it or a little past that . " is he doing anything ? " the woman on the phone me . i shook my head and " no . he ' s just sitting there . " " well " the woman said reasonably " it ' s a quiet area up there . we haven ' t had any from there in . . . well i can ' t recall . maybe we ' never had any . there might not be too much reason to worry just yet . just be sure to keep an eye on him . " " i will " i . " the police are roughly fifteen away . do you want to stay on the line with me ? is he still just sitting there ? " " he is " i informed her . suddenly i ' t feel so afraid . i found myself wanting to inspect the car more closely see if i could possibly see anyone inside . i don ' t know why but i suddenly had an image in my head of some poor old man who ' d dead at the wheel after the car in park . it like the only explanation . it was approaching forty five since the car up . and still no one had . " they ' re nearly there " the woman on the phone told me talking about the police . " yeah " i said nodding . " i think i ' m to wait on them . he ' s still just sitting there . " " you sure sweetie ? " " very " i said and because i so calm she convinced it was safe to up though she did so reluctantly . i decided i would walk outside and investigate now confident whoever was in the car ' t harm me . every guy in their late teens or early he can handle anything and i was no exception in that moment scrawny as i was . i watched the car out the window as i slowly toward the door and then out of nowhere the car door was steadily open from the inside and someone at last . i froze . the man in the car was certainly not dead nor even injured . and he ' t old at all . or maybe he was . he had no facial to give me any indication . he was very tall and wearing boots which he to struggle to stand upright in . his bulky broad frame was covered in antique looking garb . i swear it like he was wearing the coat of a revolutionary war soldier brassy buttons and all . a long dark purple cape fell down his back and nearly touched the ground . either he was wearing a headpiece from some costume to make him look headless or he actually had no head . i only saw a brief glimpse of him but i swear on my life it very much like the latter . he toward the window . he was unsteady in his boots but was still moving enough to get me to dash into the kitchen and out the back door . i ' t hide . he ' d already seen me . ' t he ? he headless but he ' t seem blind and he huge enough to crush me to death with his bare . hardly thinking i down the slope behind the house . i was tripping over myself and nearly tumbled all the way down but i finally made it to bottom of the hill on which the house sat . i kept running flying down the mountain . i barely knew where i was going but i knew i ' d eventually run into the stream and after crossing a bridge that ran over the stream i ' d be safely on the path into town . i ' t hear the sound of police anywhere . the probably got lost or stuck trying to navigate the mountain . i did hear the sound of a car though and it was as i continued to run . looking behind my shoulder i saw it . the black hearse like car was following me . engine roaring lion like the car tumbled down the slope behind the house and was racing toward me rapidly as i continued downward along the winding path . i . it impossible the old car could go as fast as it was . it was quickly gaining on me . the sound of its roaring engine and its through the ground ' s autumn leaves and over and grew and . i kept toward the bridge . it eventually came into sight but was still far away . the stream was sparkling in the afternoon sun . deer and fled as i sped past . i the story i " sleepy hollow . " how could i forget ? i read it so many times i knew it by heart . the only way i ' d be safe is if i the trooper the headless horseman himself was the one chasing me . trying to get with the times he ' d in his horse for a car one that was due for a replacement but still had a few good on her and was still good enough for chasing unsuspecting . no he ' t or any other prankster . he was the real deal the ghost of some unfortunate revolutionary war soldier who lost his head to a blast . he ' t some creature from folklore brought over into mythology by one . no he ' t . he was a real ghost in a real ghost car . and he ' d on from sleepy hollow to terrorize all other of the wilderness he as his own . i had to believe it . i simply had to . otherwise he ' t disappear when i crossed the bridge as the story he would . i found my against wood . thank i had finally made it . i was crossing over the stream . the bridge ' t seem wide or sturdy enough to accommodate a car but i ' t be certain . he ' d vanish regardless . he just had to . he ' t . as soon as my were back crunching leaves and sending dirt flying behind me i the sound of rolling fiercely against the wood of the bridge . he ' vanish i assured myself screaming it in my head . he won ' t make it over . i don ' t think he did . though i was relatively far away i could clearly hear what i thought was the sound of the bridge before he could make it over and the car falling into the stream . maybe it was the noise of something else as i ' d just come to the bottom of the long pathway that led up to my " house . the of the town busy with holiday were now audible . maybe a tree had fallen into the nearby lake . maybe there was a car crash a few away . i can ' t be certain . i ' t look back as the car was crossing the bridge . apparently the bridge is still intact according to the police and was never . at least that ' s what they tell me . my the of they were about to load into their car when they saw me in the grocery store parking lot approaching them wide eyed red faced out of breath and in sweat . i told them the story and they were initially alarmed but have since come to suspect i most if not all of the encounter being i was an imaginative lit . the police had indeed made it to the house shortly after i made a run for it after seeing the headless man . they found tire they said that someone had indeed driven up to the house . however they they ' t find any evidence that someone had driven after me down the mountain . i saying i clearly saw the strange car driving down the slope behind the house and it racing toward me as i ran . there were indeed tire out behind the house but my dad me that when my who lived nearby came to visit they often drove behind the house and down the slope to go fishing at the stream and had even done so recently . the police accepted this explanation but my dad that driving down the slope could be dangerous . he agreed and my would never do it again . so who was he ? the headless horseman of folklore ? a random prankster ? my ' s explanation is that it was my uncle who offhand that he might come to help prepare thanksgiving dinner that day . she pointed out that the figure had trouble walking and that was from a twisted ankle . maybe that was it . or maybe someone had stuffed those boots with paper or crushed or something to make himself appear taller and more menacing and had some trouble walking as a result . why someone would want to scare me i have no idea if indeed it was a like prankster i had . at least conceded uncle ' t have that kind of sadistic sense of humor . then again maybe i ' t the intended target of the prank . maybe the previous were . my had just in after all . maybe the prankster ' t know his had their address . just maybe . . . i do know one thing for sure though . whether in my mind or really out there on the road i still see that strange black car every now and then since the encounter . it sped past me it on my way back to campus . it sat near me when i went out on a run . it to follow close behind me the driver invisible behind the out windshield as i was home to my dorm tonight before it just as i turned into the campus . and now . . . as i look up from my screen . . . i can see the bright shine of through the window . getting closer . . . and closer . . . and couple people have me for the history of the school i work at so i m going to try and give a summary without to much information for privacy sake . i to one of the older father beck and he gave me some i might not have found which is cool . i also to my grandma because she was a teacher there back in the s . the church that the school is attached to is old like really old . it was one the first in the whole state . the first building about before some crazy colonist guy burnt it down because he they were devil worship or something in there . it just sort of sat there burnt down until the early th century when the community decided to rebuild it . this time it was made of stone so no crazy could burn it down . sometime during construction a guy caught his wife up with a priest in there and then shoot them and then himself . pretty morbid i know . when the revolutionary war rolled around legend it young would lure there and stab them . they also some in there and tea . during this time someone also stole one of the stain glass . according to father beck this is also the first time herb was . some poor nun went to the outhouse and it literally exploded . i made a post about herb but it got . the church also a school like thing . the cemetery the church had got and someone put a goat in the of the church . during the civil war a random cannon shoot the roof of the church to collapse leading to it to be rebuilt a second time . it was used as hospital for injured . during the rest of the th century a number of grizzly in and around the church a child was found skinned beneath the alter some of the were caught running a brothel and a priest was caught selling opium through the confession stand booth thing . it was then that an actual school thing was built . a cult was in the basement of the church to at least according to father beck . something about cutting off and taking out if they made you sin . except they t just do it to if they suspected someone of with their or tongue they would straight up jump them and cut them off . the cult came to an abrupt end when the other of the parish who i imagine were sick of getting cut up shoot them all . apparently they them during service and them into the cemetery where they shoot them all dug up fresh and buried them in the with whoever the grave actually to . when they booze people it in the school basement . they also it in the school cause the or who ever were less likely to check there . there was a shooting around that time on the school s property i m not sure if it s related . men and another one lost a eye . a particularly nasty exorcism in the church in the s . a pregnant teenage girl and one of the who was holding her down . father beck t know of what . absolutely nothing in the s and in the s they the old school building and building a new one . at some point they building a cold war nuclear bunker under the school for the surrounding area in case went down with the . this was when my grandmother was a teacher and my grandpa actually worded on said bunker . the bunker construction stopped when part of the ceiling or the floor or something and injured few people . unfortunately my grandpa away a few ago so i can t ask him for more . the were brutal during the s . they would mercilessly spank the and make them kneel on and stuff . they also taught everyone that the were their music to convert people to satan . probably as retribution a bunch of got drawn on . somewhere around this time the cemetery got converted into a parking lot for the to play on . a few flooded during in the s and someone to death in a swing accident . another poor out from dehydration and eventually on the . one of the went crazy a little while after and off the roof of the school . at this point i how the hell the school is still open . well said father beck they were going to shut it down trust me they to but some pretty high up people in the church it to stay open . the also stopped well he nervously they mostly stopped . mostly stopped ? no more have and its rare now . he s right though in the past couple only have on the property and they have each been easy to explain . some was learning to drive in the parking lot when he lost control of the car and hit a tree he but his mother t so lucky . a teacher was trying to fix a after with a nail gun and fell . himself in the neck . and someone else had a heart attack . last time i posted a bunch of people what does and how he can leave early . this actually really confused me when i thought about it so i him and he said he just the in his little office thing . he s technically supposed to look around the school after i m done but he never does and he to lock all the once i m done cleaning . sure he t do that . thanks for reading ya ever with the wrong in high school ? it might not be right then and there . but you know the old saying where the " would end up his ? heed my it can happen . i m currently under the thumb of . well that s not his name when he ' s around it s more sir and boss ' . to give you an idea of the hell i go through was a short fat thing . think baby but replace with the and take out the part about being a baby . and look no one to be but this was a certified see you next . always been and always will be . he groping and chasing them around with his pursed . it t matter how many beat down s or school this received he always the same . however ' t just creepy he was bloody smart too and finished high school with . whilst the rest of us were wondering what the we were going to do with our had a plan . make a lot of money and force people to pretend they respect you . that s how i ended up working for him . he was the gelatinous angel in my time of need . on my first day i i ' t only one . he was keeping on a select few from high school . the who would bounce this around like a basketball were all employed by him . all of our had minor in but the same general scenario . mine in a bar waiting to meet a girl i d met on tinder . after down a cold one to calm the i wake up in a hotel room caressing a withered corpse . everything but the had been out of this poor ' s body . she was just a thin skeletal figure with skin like a raisin and a face frozen in terror . it was like they had a vacuum down her throat turning her skin into an airtight seal . i was and when found me . it was a you help me and i help you sort of scenario . that s the general template for his entrapment . a withered female corpse panic stricken at legal retribution and down to save you . once you ' re in his your new role you of all humanity you ' re just a fearful shell doing whatever it to survive . my " desk buddy " was an old friend who i thought was just a bartender . but bartending is really a small part of his job . he to sprinkle a few in the too . make sure to escort the meat out of the bar once they are ready for pick up . when i found out i had him to blame for sending me to sleep and my date i was . but it only took one trip with to understand why he did it . those fat wrap around a woman ' s head like a boa constrictor and slow pull the out of their . he at you while he does it too . while their are struggling to tear him away as they graze the bottom of his eye he t stop watching you . it s a slow process to watch and his let you know his intention . he you and if you betray him you ' re going down his gullet too . i don t know what is he s not human but he s not an invincible killing machine either . he s intelligent and a cold calculator . his him to gain tremendous power but when he he s weak . it s precisely that overconfidence and desire to have an audience watch him feed that would be his downfall . at least that ' s what i thought after a year of working for him . i to put a knife between his and bear the legal if it came to it . but as i knife in hand flung the body tightly in his with one quick movement . the body was thrown across the room and hit me with surprising force . the impact of the blow t the worst part . the worst part was the residue of ' s stomach acid burning through my flesh and to the bone . i got to my and ran out of the old hotel he d used as a feeding ground . my attempt at laying low was successful for a few . until i woke up gazing into the empty eye of another sun dried and gutless corpse . he s too cunning to allow me to walk the streets with my intact . i wish this story was about or something so wholesome as a lesson on why you t bully someone . but i don t regret it teasing him . i m just this out here to let the that be know i accepted a quick death with my intact . you can stop trying to find me . though you probably already know where i am . derrick the ! son come back when you get clean . we can t help you if you t going to let us . those were the last my father spoke to me as he and my mother me to the curb days after my eighteenth birthday . a year prior one of my me to . i was instantly addicted and i tortured my parent s hearts with dangerous and disgusting behavior day in and day out . i their for help and that led me to six in a homeless tent camp under the freeway a few from my childhood home . my got progressively worse until my friend hank was about a new technology based and center that was looking for . i credit hank for protecting me during that six month stint . he was an older gentleman in his who had been riding the concrete for thirty plus . he understood my struggle and he made sure nobody with me as we tried to survive each day in a dangerous stretch of the neighborhood . . it the smart mirror center . the idea was that you live in a room for thirty days surrounded by smart . you could not leave the room and no outside were other than the nurse who provided and a change of clothes . what sparked our interest was that with successful treatment free room and board would be provided after our stay . i had not my since they the door on me . i knew it would be tough but i them and i to prove to them that i could get healthy again and become independent . hank and i and a few agreed to enroll . us to a giant building that like it could use a few more . s company must have been the only . when we stepped inside our were taken from us . all i had were the clothes on my back an acoustic guitar and a few . the first step in the process was to do a full body scan . i stood on a small platform in front of a tall mirror that me from head to toe . my swelled up when i saw the image in front of me . a healthy me displayed itself in the mirror . it was exactly how i before getting into down to the extra body fat i had before the . the smart mirror technology us what we would like when the treatment came to an end . said that seeing the version of us we strived to become would be instrumental in us . before s nurse sent us to our i a smile with a cute redhead amongst the ten of us who for the program . the were lined up in one long row and just before i mine i at the girl for her name . she said . i told her when we get through this i would love to take her on a walk . her freckled grin warmed my heart . it would soon be the only positive image for me to hold onto during the days ahead . the room was bigger than i was . in fact it was spacious . a bed toilet shower table and chair with of lining the . there were no . seeing a healthy me in the mirror was but at the time it felt inspiring . the thirty days of isolation felt like it might actually be worth it . during the first morning brought me a bowl of whole grain cereal . at noon i was a bowl of beef stew while a air was through a duct on the ceiling . returned one last time in the evening with chicken and rice and a pill to down with water . she told me that the medication would slowly heal me through my stay . i with all and i did not question anything . boredom was the biggest hurdle in the first few days . to kill time i the better me with original i wrote before my life went in the gutter . instead of singing about my ex i sang about . the medication that i each night gave me a buzz that made me a little woozy and light headed . and the air that in during gave me the . i was slowly losing trust in the program as i still felt heavily under the influence of during my waking in front of the . five days in the loneliness in . i my . i hank . i even who i had only a brief moment with . my skin itchy . reassured me that would get better . while i peeled from my face the face in the mirror intact . about a week into the program i bit into some of the cereal and felt a sharp pain . i in the bowl and saw a tooth . i it and was at how yellow and it . my teeth had gone downhill a bit before entering the treatment center but they had not that much . i ran over to the mirror . of course my mirror image teeth were glistening white and sparkly . with each passing day my body felt worse and worse . i lost faith in the program and i also giving advice to my mirror image self about the of drug addiction . and then the night where i . while was folding some clothes on my bed i a woman . told me the woman was just going through drug withdrawal . i t believe her so i took my guitar and swung it across the back of her head sending her to the ground . while was out i the mirror and it with my fist out of frustration . the mirror t crack but the screen for a few and then revealed the reality . there i was in the mirror frail and bony like a skeleton . my face was covered with open and i about ten older . my teeth were coated in yellow . my . i felt like i t breathe . i s and left the room . the entrance of the building we in was locked . i ran down the hall the other way towards another set of . i commotion on the other side so i snuck in quietly . the room was enormous and it was filled with of wearing the same white shirt and pants that were provided for us . and a few of his were the as they stuffed in that came down an assembly line belt . hank and were there . i mention that with a dosage people could be put to work in a matter of days . i to exit unnoticed from another door along the side of the room i was on . i t have a phone or wallet on me but luckily i found a quarter in my pocket that i had used as a guitar pick . i spotted a and my . they picked me up and the on the way over to get me . the the factory building and and his . as for me my were of me for taking the initiative to seek help . they were kind enough to help get me into the proper program . was in the same program as me . we had our walk together . in fact we have had many . we are currently dating . while smart are slowly taking off if you do decide to enroll in a program that high tech i would recommend only if it s an established center . it might not be the best idea to be a beta tester . i saw the first two amazing glowing at the end of the street a cloud of mist sizzling past them . then i the rattle of the engine a consistent groan filling the air around the car . it was impossible to make out much else until i got closer . it ' t until i was within a few that i that the car was in fact a van . for a brief moment the idea that i may be snatched away by the men inside into my head . but they were preoccupied with their conversation . i only saw them for a moment but something struck me as odd about them . they were both dressed exactly alike . a dark boiler suit and a woolen hat . strange but not uncommon this could ' simply been their uniform . however something else was off about them . the conversation they were was not natural it was deeply unnatural . they were facing each other directly and slowly opening and their over and over again . it was as if they had only ever seen of people talking . as if they ' t understand how it was done . i by without incident but left with a feeling of being watched . even as i my house i could still feel it the watchful eye of the two beaming red far up the street away from me . the van was still there and in it the men . i ' t help but think that i ' d onto a secret meeting or maybe some form of surveillance operation . no matter what it was it was definitely something i was not meant to witness . something weird . i wish i could say that was the last time i saw the van but it t . i was heading home from a party admittedly a little drunk it was about am . i d taken a that led me down a dirt road surrounded by . that s when i saw the again bright like the sun coming up far too early as they towards me . the sound of the engine the quiet of the early morning . just under it i could hear the sound of laughter the manic howling of two men . i to my right and landed in a ditch looking up just in time to see the van stop right next to me . both men turned to me in unison on their . with their rolled down i could still hear a soft . that s when i that not only were they dressed alike they also exactly alike . i assumed . they even alike each yuck . they probably even smelled alike sweat and motor oil if i had to guess . i said nothing and neither did they then they were gone speeding off in the direction i d just come from . when i finally got up the were far away but i could still feel them staring at me . i woke up late the next day about the time that the news of the hit and run the previous night had the little village i lived in . a woman had been found on the road she d been hit and dragged under the carriage for around a quarter of a mile . the police out for and of course i told them what i knew but it t help much my memory was still hazy at the time . it took a while to remember the whole story and by that time it was too late . the next few days were weird i every time i a car pass . terrible of the two identical men laughing at me filled my head every night . i rarely left the house . then i saw it again . this time the van was sitting right outside my house the motor peacefully . i at it through my and saw the two men again agape . they were both facing forwards until the window to roll down and they both slowly turned towards me . they were screaming . there was no emotion behind it no pain or anguish just the noise . the emotion carried in the noise it was bloodcurdling . it was panic . the screaming as i watched unable to do anything else . after a while it stopped and the two men sat almost in anticipation of me screaming back . but i t i t t do anything but stare . suddenly the engine and the van went on its way . as it left i the back door slightly ajar it was some sort of thick fluid . the fluid after the van as it turned the corner and into the night . even after they were gone i still stood there frozen staring out at the spot where the van stood . the fluid was bubbling on the road i could hear it squirming and squelching . the sound into my mind and kept me awake all night . the next day the fluid had dissipated but the stain . a dark trail headed all the way up the road . in the light of day i found the courage to follow it . the trail led me back to that dirt road the one where i had a run in with the men in the van . and surely enough there it was facing away from me sat quietly in the shade of a tree . it peaceful a stark contrast to how i was used to seeing it . it incredibly mundane disappointing . it s funny how a change from night to day can change something so fantastically terrifying into well a regular white van . despite all this my heart was still beating out of my chest . from where i stood i t see into the front of the van but the back door was still ajar so i with caution . as i got closer a smell to overwhelm me the smell of something putrid . i covered my nose and mouth but it still seeped through . by the time i was within five it was almost unbearable . but what disturbed me more was the sound . something inside was and . i put my hand against the door it was warm . the door as i it gently towards me . i had to fight the impulse to throw up when the full force of the smell hit me shortly by an influx of puss pouring out onto me . i stepped back quickly and almost ran then and there but i had to look had to get a glimpse . inside the van was what i can only describe as a series of swollen bloody beating and as they hung all around the van body . they were all connected by a cluster of fleshy transporting all of that i t identify . in the middle was the of the hanging directly from the . it was softly . this was the each sac was connected directly to this thing . as i the mound to convulse faster and faster . then suddenly the sound of the engine filled the air . that s when i ran . when i was far enough away i back . sitting in the distance were the two red . i went to the police again but it s such a bizarre story they said they d look into it but i think that was just their way of me . after that i made a point of not leaving the house i a recluse . i working from home and in anything i . my encounter with whatever was in the back of that van shook me up pretty bad . i really to avoid it ever happening again . during this time the van still came by i would hear it up every night . i never to look at it though . after about an hour they would always give up and head on their way . i figured that if i it long enough then it would stop . it was an awful way to live but it was my only choice . it to be working it stopped coming every night only turning up every few days and it would only stay for around twenty each time . i was starting to feel happier about the situation . until i the crash . i had just gone to bed when i suddenly a loud thud and the smashing of glass . rushing downstairs i could feel the breeze filling the air around me . i it to the living room and there it was . the van had run right into the side of my house my front window was and so was a lot of the wall . the two men sat unharmed in the van . they both raised a hand and waved slowly at me their slowly filling up their . the engine to rev . i turned tail and ran right out my back door and into the night . i t have time to scream or even think i just ran . before i knew it i found myself back on that dirt road . the last place i to be but it was the place my took me . i stopped uncertain of where to go . this me the chance to look back to where i d come from . it gave me the chance to see the van towards me . those two were blazing with hate they d set their on me . i let out a whimper and turned to run again . after a few i d the tree that the van once sat under . the van t stop as long as the men could still see me so i did the only thing i could i . behind the tree . i sat there curled up and crying into my listening to the sound of the van at top speed . i and for it to zoom past me but it never did . after a moment i built up the courage to peek around the tree at the road behind me . as soon as i did the hit me burning the sight out of my for a moment . in my blindness all i could do was listen as the van impacted with the tree . the tree t budge as the nightmare van crumpled around it . i stayed sitting for ten or so unable to believe that i was still alive . when i control of my body i around the tree to see the van . much of the front end was and that same fluid was everywhere . into the front window i could see the two men over unmoving . so with the amount of courage i could muster i the front door . inside were the two men they and i stepped back in shock . men but not men half melted into the leather of the they sat in . their ending at the waist and below only metal . they were part flesh part steel . they both turned to me again and that same scream the one i d outside my house . it t only similar but exactly the same . the scream of a woman . that s when i what they were doing they were . the laughter the all they d . they it was trying to communicate . i at them and they back at me i felt a sadness for them and they it . the fluid continued to leak from the van as the in the back . the men and i away unable to help . as i the end of the dirt road i back one last time and saw nothing but darkness the were out . cough " what ' s that smell ! " i say when i find a dusty box in my attic . " oh stop being such a baby ! " my sister to me . " it ' s not my fault that this attic content from the ' s ! " i say back to her . " yeah yeah . . " she . that situation was because our and dad always make us get the out of the attic at time . the worst part ' t even the fact that we have to clean the old ass attic . it ' s the fact our don ' t even help us ! they say it ' s because they bust their off from the beginning of to the end of so they should be able to relax or whatever . me and were doing the usual crap we did when getting the laughing throwing old stuff at each other and even talking . something we ' t normally do . we were nearly done getting all the out of the attic when i a box at the end of the attic . " ! " i call out to her . " what ! " she . " i found another box . i ' be back down in just a minute ! " i say to her . " ? " she . i start making my way to the box at the end of the attic . it was fairly small about in length and in width . i open up the box just like i did a few ago . once all the dust out and i can breathe again i look at the contents of the box . it ' s just nutcrackers . . . that ' s all they were . the nutcrackers ' t even special looking one like a king the other a queen . they were just nutcrackers . . . though they old or more . the bottom jaw on the king was missing and one boob on the queen was missing . i start to climb down the ladder with the nutcrackers in hand . i notice that without me ! " what the are you doing ! " i call out to her . " up the what else ! " she . " you should have for me . i ' t bust my ass off so i could see you do it ! " i say . " i don ' t care . i for you and you ' t come down ! " she . " i was in there for maximum ! " i say . " so ? i ' t want to stand there any longer ! " she . " stop fighting you two ! " my in . " but is being an ! " i say . " don ' t call your sister an ! " my . " but " i try to finish my sentence before she me off . " no ! we don ' t insult family . apologize to your sister ! " she . " . . . i ' m s s " i ' m about to throw up at what i ' m say . " well spit it out ! " . " i ' m sorry . . . " i say tasting the puke climb up my chest like a spider crawling on your hand making its way to your shoulder . " that ' s more like it ! " my father is now saying . " let ' s put up while listening to music ! " my mother . " yeah " me and say at the same time . for the next hour and a half me my and dad all put up the while listening to the same . it ' s not too bad actually . we ' re near the end when i remember the box with the nutcrackers . i figured they ' d be my ' s or my dad ' s based on the age of them . i take them out of the box and walk up to both my . " dad i may have found something of yours ! . " i say to them . " is that right ? " my father . " well go on and show us sweetheart ! " my mother . and so i do . i show them the nutcrackers . the reaction ' t what i . . . my mother went from being excited to being stone faced at the sight of them . my father on the other hand at them frightened . " . . . what do you think of them ? " i ask both of them . " t they ' re great sweetheart . but if i may ask where did you find them . . . ? " my . " yeah where did you find them you little son of a bitch ! " my father me . " ! don ' t say that ! " my my dad . " o . . . " my father is such a pussy . " i found them in the attic at the far end . it someone tried to either hide them or they got to the back with time . " i tell them . " ! " my . " put them somewhere over there . " my mother to the kitchen . " awesome ! " i say . i walk off half confused half excited . i was confused as to why my and dad fearful of the nutcrackers . i was excited because i knew ' t be able to eat her cereal without looking like a as long as they were up . and to make sure them i put them facing the seat she always at . the next day is pretty boring it ' s pretty usual i went to school and told my about the nutcrackers i found . by the way this was before the covid pandemic so don ' t get mad at me that i was going to school or not wearing a mask . " well i feel obliged that i should tell you a story about nutcrackers . " my friend said to me . " is it scary though ? " i ask " it very is ! " he . " well i bet you should get on with the story . recess ' t last forever you know . " i told him . " ! so it goes like this . . . there was a king and a queen who over and were insane they would kill off whoever they unnecessary or at times people they simply ' t like . of course this off the people of . so they decided that they would get somebody to trap them into nutcrackers . forever . " he . " so what else ? " i ask him because he took a bite of his sandwich and if you knew you ' d know he ' t stop eating until all the food on his plate was gone . " " to get out of his food filled mouth . once was done he his tale again . " so the people of hired somebody to perform black magic on the queen and king . they found somebody by the name of . told them that if she was to perform the black magic they ' d need to get a part of the king and queen . they hired an assassin do get one part from both queen and king . the assassin was trying to get some flesh from both of them but the queen and king fought and the king lost his bottom jaw and the queen lost one of her . once the assassin did the deed he brought back both and gave it to . she was able to make nutcrackers out of the queen and king . but since the of the queen and king inside the nutcrackers they were furious of what they did to them . so whoever the nutcrackers will be by them from the th of to the th of because that ' s when they . . . " . " w what . . . " i mumble to myself how the did make up that story on the spot and how did he know what the nutcrackers i had like i ' t even tell the bastard that ! yet he knew . . . or did he ? this is all up . once i got home i walk through the door take off my and think of the story that had told me just a few . what was going to happen . . it was the th of and i was truly . yet there was a part of me thinking he just got lucky knowing what they like . the next day when i come down i see my making toast my dad on his doing work and being well . it so normal i can ' t help to think that really did just get lucky ! of course he did his family got a blessing from a witch in the ' s for doing good . it ' t until p . m . that i something weird . the nutcrackers ' t in the spot i left them . . . my this and frantically looking for them . what ' s doing and all my with is " work ! " . my for an hour before giving up and staring blankly into the ceiling . the next thing ' t happen until later . it was now and i a black figure staring at me through the laundry room . the figure was humanoid and to have a crown on it . . . . is that the queen or king or is it possibly my imagination ? i guess it got of looking at me because it away later . what at was so weird i can ' t even explain what too well . now there were two looking at me and that ' s when i that i haven ' t seen the rest of my family since . what to them ? i was an easy prey and the got closer . so close they were breathing on me . it was so cold . the air at least . and the were even closer now that i could see their rotting deformed . the king ' s were so far in their i thought he was blind he also his lower jaw . . . the queen an arm and a boob . what was happening right now was so i forgot all about my family missing . then out of no where both queen and king at me making me fall off my chair and start running down the hallway . on the way out of the kitchen i accidentally made a knife fall off the table and it was falling at such an angle that it went halfway into my leg . " ! " i ' never felt thing type of pain before . the pain was unimaginable . it was like when you go to the doctor as a and they give a shot . except it was that but x more painful . i ' t do anything blood was gushing out of my leg and two were charging at me . all i could do was to run even with a limp . i ran for my life . " get the away from me ! " i tried to scream at them . it ' t work of course . god what was happening right now . . . ? i made it to the front door to my car and the peddle . i got out of that town as fast as i could . i ' never been the same since . my family was never found and the house been abandoned for over at this point . but even as i write this i fear the queen and king are looking over my shoulder finding another time to strike at me . and next time . . . i don ' t think i ' make it out alive . . . this is the second chapter of a the series " i dean that girl who the hat man . " if you are new to this story please start from the beginning by here this chapter of child abuse in a night terror scenario . . . . . . it took me more than a few before i was able to respond to what she ' d said . was she serious ? is this woman seriously mentally ill ? am i in danger right now ? ! " what ? " it was i could manage to squeak out . at me and her together in a way that clearly frustration at being to repeat herself on this apparently sore subject . she her throat slightly and in this moment me strongly of someone i knew when i was younger perhaps who had gone to school with me . strange that i never could place the likeness maybe she just one of those . she was pretty and young for her age with hair a deep red and that had seen beyond comprehension . they were never really able to portray her accurately on the news or in the it was clear that she had made it a point to remain private keeping her out of the arena of speculation over the incident . i was starting to strongly believe . she and repeated herself . " his hat . one night when i was a little older maybe ten or eleven i was another night terror and i woke up with it on . " she was serious . the camera kept rolling and i did my best to keep a calm professional exterior . " the way my bedroom was set up " she an a frame room with the bed against the far wall which a window " my bed was in between the door and the window . i my room but the got really dark and shadowy at night which always me out . my knew that i had these terrible and they were always great about reassuring me that " it ' s just a dream " and that i was safe with them and my dad even made up this awesome story about an invisible good monster who would inflate to take up all the monster space in the room so no bad would get in . we him " monster " with a capital " m " so the other would know he meant business . " she fondly innocent times past . " they tried so hard to make it so i could sleep comfortably in my room and i think they ' re the only reason i was able to handle normal life for so long honestly . " for the sake of texture in the film i decide to interject and slow her storytelling as to not reveal too much too soon to my audience . it also for and less behind the and everyone how intense uncut dialogue can be . " where do you think these dark and night were coming from if you had such an idyllic childhood ? i know you said it ' t a trauma response but the source of this it so important to the truth behind what . " she considering her answer before . " i don ' t know . like i said we grew up without and home still ' t a thing in of the town . the that he though those are what i can remember feeling scarred by . there was fear obviously just absolute abject fear and terror . an abhorrence just this feeling of needing to recoil and get away and be as far from this thing as possible . it me of the evil pollution character from that movie have you seen it ? " fern gully ? ' " i nod yes and she her . " i saw it when i was a still one of my . i imagine him to be made of like this metaphysical slime like pure fear and hate and vitriol and guilt and shame as this horrid tarry . think horrible oil slime but made of like ? it ' s so hard to put into i feel like this part is sound so stupid on film . we can edit this right ? " " of course " i chuckle " but it ' s great you ' re doing great ! nothing needs to be so far at all from my standpoint . " i give her a reassuring smile and get back behind the camera . " so the feeling is like that that ' s what it like to be near him or to wake up after about him . oh ! " she excitedly . " i know . have you ever done something wrong and kept it a secret for a really long time but you it and felt guilty for and it made you sick to even think about it ? maybe it still does ? that level of guilt and self loathing that level of panic that ' s the feeling he comes from . so maybe he grew from guilt maybe from myself . i ' always had super low self esteem so it ' t surprise me . i don ' t know where the imagery came from but i think that was the um foundation i guess for the rest of it . " as i ' m about to ask another question " no one was violent when i was a . just before you ask . no one hit me or my sister no one us no one touched us no one hurt our . our were kind . i mean i was but what ' t in the early s . what ' t their fault . i don ' t want there to be any speculation on that . you always her about how violence comes from violence . . . well maybe it does but in my case it came from a really different kind of violence . " another drag and she . " so . i guess back to it huh ? funny how good i am at subconsciously steering talk away from him even when i don ' t try to . " the dream that night was particularly awful . most of the he gave me were terrifying beyond reason but up until this night i had not physically experienced much of what i felt in the dream . i was or so and this was one of the where i was a third person observer i ' t interact with the dream but i watched it happen as if i was frozen suspended in the air about above the of the people i was watching . it was a woman and a young boy about old . the woman was shorter and stocky who to be in her early s . she was in a poor white trash way you could tell instantly that she was a bad bad person . i could feel the hate from her dripping off her brow like sweat and down into her shaggy gray hair . the boy had brown hair and bright with olive skin . he so sweet and my instinct was to protect him . i felt at how i was for this little boy as this demonic woman his hand and him up towards a gate and up a hill . the gate was wrought iron with cement and stone sides like the entry to an estate or even a cemetery . the woman the boy along a gravel path that lead up a steep hill covered in dead grass and black against a sickly sky which colors whenever i stopped paying attention . i think it was orange most often . the boy to cry and plead with the woman to be let go . he and trying to get out of his shirt and run back out the gate and to the car but she was always able to grab him . she was vicious slapping and insulting the boy as he telling him how badly he was going to be . he and " help me ! help me ! " and i to so badly but my were frozen with the rest of my body so i hung in the orange sky frozen in a silent scream as i watched this innocent boy be taken away somewhere horrible . " was shaking . her face was pale and she making eye contact . her lay useless on the table in front of her next to an untouched glass of water . " when we got to the top of the hill there was this strange construction machine at the top with a huge engine and grinding . it was painted yellow with black like any but when i saw it the bottom fell out of my stomach and my heart pounding in my chest . i tried to scream " no ! ! " over and over pushing myself into a panic but unable to stop looking . the boy was sobbing and snot running down his face and the woman his arm . a little mechanical door into the machine . " put it in " she said and tried as he might to pull away she was and his hand into it . " dipped beneath the table and . i stopped the tape . " are you ? " i rushed over to her side of the table anxious to do what i could to help her . she at her mouth with a napkin assuring me she was all right and able to continue . i was overcome with emotion i came into this project to get some interesting for an infamous unsolved mass murder and now it like my main interviewee might be a lot less mentally stable than even the enquirer made her out to be . how seriously should i take this ? if there is anything more to this than mental illness by what are we talking about here ? when she was ready we the recording . " she put his hand in that thing and it ground his hand off down to the wrist and she made him just hold it in there as it totally his hand for what like . i could feel it i could hear it happening hear all the sick and his i ' never be able to forget it . as you just saw it ' s impossible for me to even think about it without getting sick . the horrible feeling that i was talking about before it came out of that woman and that machine and in the blood that around until i was covered in it and what little air i could manage to breathe was by it . i knew he was there i knew he was causing the dream and i knew it was a dream then in that moment . i woke up suddenly i ' t breathe i was screaming and i ' t see anything in my room ! it was than normal nighttime like my were covered and when i up to touch my face there was musty wide brimmed hat down over my . " i it off tossing it to the side of my bed where it fell between the mattress and the wall and frantically took my inhaler . i ' d never been so in my life before . my rushed in but i was so mortified at what my own brain had come up with that i ' t describe the dream to them . once i ' d down a little i convinced myself that the hat was part of the dream too and that none of it was real . then my me if i smell cigarette smoke . i said no but it ' s hard to smell when you ' been crying hysterically . " she at the of her but ' t allow the to overtake her . i could see her breathing rhythmically in through her nose and out through her mouth . she ' s i thought . she ' s got to be to have what she and still even be remotely functional . so much therapy . she continued . " once my left my room i was getting ready to try and read a while to calm down . i feeling that there was this strange terrible pull at the side of my bed like a gravity well for and dark . i kept looking over to the spot but ' t want to investigate it . i ended up moving from my bed to the floor by my bookcase and fell asleep reading . i ' t actually realize the hat was still there until i between the wall and the mattress the next day looking for my inhaler . when my hand brushed against it it was strangely cold and as if it had been exposed to many lifetime ' s worth of soot and fry oil . it was saturated in the from the night terror and when i touched it the memory and intensity of the dream exploded back into my head . " i up my glasses . " did you show the hat to anyone else ? do you have any of it ? any way to prove it ' s real ? " she shook her head . " that ' s all long gone he took it with him . " i could tell she me to pry and i her . " are you saying that the " hat man " from your childhood night is not only real but also responsible for the in the camper ? " her head slightly once again her pen up off the table . she back the best way to answer . i was beginning to pick up on her for when she was holding back or tamping down an answer and i knew this would be one of those times . too direct i thought . you ' re blowing this . believe her . let your audience decide . you are telling her story her way . she me with a real answer " i know he ' s real and so do of of other people . shadow people similar to what i experience are present in lore and religion from every culture in the world and many experience them directly as a part of sleep paralysis . one thing that my mind is that some weird actually try to meet this thing . if you take enough you ' see him . people say you only do it once and that it ' s the most trip you can try i can ' t imagine being so stupid . " she her head puffing on on the . " never take or smoke anything that ' t come out of the ground ! " she and finger at the camera . " but yeah see what you can find on sleep paralysis succubus and incubus shadow people and . a lot of it links together but it ' give you a good starting point for stuff you can include in the film like if you plan on explaining any of this . " she to the interview setup . " of course let me get in touch with some people at the campus library back north and i ' see what i can dig up before we meet again tomorrow . " i quickly noted each of the she listed in an to myself and ' d a friend of mine who was in school for an ma in abnormal psychology . " there is a real person too that all of them . " her statement me off guard for a moment i was prepared to turn this into a very different type of documentary . " i think the nightmare man is responsible . . . i can ' t tell you about it just yet . i ' m going to try . if i can you can take the tape to the police too . my lawyer ' t know i ' m doing this . neither does my family . i just . . . i think i have the best chance of everything being again if we can catch him . " i nod . " and i think the only way we can do that is on film . the last time i got so close . i got his but no one me . " . . . . . there s a murderer in . i know what you may be thinking . a straight forward homicide case in could be considered mild in comparison to the usual around my small town . and you may have been right if this was anything straight forward about this killing . the police the first murder was an spur of the moment act because up until it there had only been a series of break around . i know this thanks to a friend i have on the force one of the few that are friendly with investigative like me sam singer . the break were harmless besides a bit of property damage and the were only abandoned . then they to closed and eventually . it was odd though the into these grew more and more risky there to be no reward in store for the perpetrator . they never took a single thing . once the down the street from the gazette office where i work was hit i decided it was time i bring home with me . been serving as our resident cat in the newspaper office ever since i took her from the house during the interview i there the of which are strangely fuzzy . i m not much of a cat person and admittedly her little white and wide set used to creep me out a little . but i quickly past that feeling and instead found comfort in the way she rubbed against my while i was working . so with the break happening near the office and my soft heart now attached to this cat i decided to bring her back to my apartment with me until were sorted out and the stopped . which of course they t . the murder on a night at the ice cream parlor right in the heart of downtown . the victim was a sanitation worker jeff an old man who was no doubt caught in the wrong place at the wrong time . like i said because there t been any other up to that point the police figured s death was incidental . my police friend was able to snag me the case file for a quick look and after examining the i can t say i agree . i don t know how someone incidentally does that to another human being . for one there t been any weapon as far as they could tell besides the perpetrator s own two . instead of a merciful blade or bullet in the chest jeff got something far worse . huge of flesh had been unceremoniously out of him in dull as though dug out with ragged on thick . although the attack was animalistic the murderer was definitely human that much could be told from the evidence of lock on the front door and the of human teeth scarred into what was left of . his tongue oddly was gone . once again after a full inventory the found that nothing had been taken from the ice cream parlor besides one unfortunate man s life . it would have taken an incredible amount of effort to destroy a man like that and a strong resolve to not abandon the job before it was done . so as far as i was concerned the murderer the ice cream parlor that night with an intent to kill . so i triple my door and each night before up with in my bed and settling into restless anxious sleep . it was on one of these uneasy that i was suddenly . at first i thought i had only been disturbed by a dream i t remember and then i it . a distinct coming from the kitchen like something or someone was around in a cabinet . my breathing as i slipped out of my bed my bare cold against the floor . i ineffectively tried to keep the i had seen in the file of jeff with gruesome out of my mind as i crept towards my doorway . i had left the light in the kitchen on at night ever since the had been hit but the bright t reveal anyone standing upright in the room . i the same sound that had me up . it was coming from the other side of the island . i picked up a pair of scissors that were lying on the counter gingerly and them as threateningly as i could . then i turned the corner . the breath i had been unconsciously holding fled my body in a gust . it had been a murderer after all . crouched over a small pulpy pile of flesh that i assumed had once been a mouse was sitting on the kitchen floor her white soaked scarlet . grateful as i was that i t die that night i still the gore . i put the of flesh into a plastic bag and set it by the door resigned to taking it out the next morning . i s in the sink and as she me back in bed bloodthirsty creature as she was . the next morning was dead . i t know . she was in her late forties an accountant with no immediate family of her own . she lived a quiet life in until it was cut short . the cause of death had been the same as before i t ask my police friend for the . i t need to see them to imagine what had to her in perfect clarity . into her body the substance scooped out like a child s in wet sand . this time they were testing saliva and trying to match dental to a bite on the body one that had completely taken the ear and some of the head which were spit out some away but they t much luck . and of course her tongue was gone . the murder of disturbed me . it disturbed me of course because it was a murder in my town a particularly gruesome and twisted one at that . but s death was incredibly worrying to me for a much more urgent reason she lived in the apartment directly under mine . had my building and i t feel safe there . the thought that i had potentially been awake that night merely a few away from the heinous that had taken place through the thin floor had given me constant nausea . the day after it i was distracted as is probably understandable . i t remember until the afternoon that there was still a bag by my front door full of mouse and fur . i picked up the bag trying to work up the nerve to walk down the past the floor and the apartment that was now bloodstained and with police . then there was a small thud . i down and immediately the cat under my breath . perhaps it had been unwise to leave what was left of s prey so within reach because it she had open the bag and taken a second go at her long dead conquest . but then in the cold light of day when my heart t pounding with fear and my were bleary from sleep i took a closer look at the mound of red on the floor . there and into an almost unrecognizable shape was a human tongue . slowly i turned my head . sat at the end of the hall licking her . i t know what to do so i sat on the floor about six away from the tongue . i simultaneously tried not to look at it and at it intently . s tongue was in my apartment . it had to have been jeff s t have been nearly so fresh . logic was telling me that it t have been what i had taken from between s the previous night . it made no sense . and yet over after i sat down and casually in my lap . i absentmindedly her head as i tried to form some sort of plan as to what to do next . going downstairs and proudly the tongue to the police was not a good look for me and would no doubt earn me a trip down to the station . but still evidence was evidence and it was my duty to turn in what i could . and of course a small psychopathic part of me was excited about what a bizarre detail this would add to some sort of story for my column in the paper . but mostly i was in thought . ow ! suddenly bit me hard on my arm a firm ravenous chomp rather than a playful nip . immediately i her around the middle and her out of my lap my to scold her and then i stopped . i had just felt something something strange and impossible and terrible . and yet oddly familiar . there was a zipper on s stomach . i at her as she back . then as sweetly as i could i snapped my together trying to coax her back into my lap . she gave me a few more of her look of reproach before sidling back up to me a deep rumble in the back of her throat . sweat was beading on my forehead and if i was nauseous before i was physically holding back vomit at that moment . i down the feeling of dread that was rising within me . i up her back in my arm her stomach fluffy and exposed . with my other trembling hand i down her fur and there it was . small and flesh colored a zipper . i at it for a moment . to squirm . then slowly i the tab down the track . i t want to pull the skin away from the middle but i could see something inexplicable between them a black line of space as though s body was hollow . no no blood nothing . she a paw at me playfully seeming to not notice her up abdomen . i was frozen staring at that thin dark expanse of space . then there was movement causing me to stiffen and lean away . something white was approaching the pouch . it against the skin and then something . it was a hand huge thick and masculine . it was wearing a white glove and as it came pushing out of s stomach i could see that it was attached to a man s forearm as big around as a cantaloupe with prominent and covered in dark hair . the hand was feeling around . it touched my shirt and i was stuck in an immobile panic . i my breath as it my chest digging slightly trying to sense for something . it made its way up to my face feeling around my pushing with some force there . i could smell the scent of body odor and rust on the rubbery material of the . in a desperate attempt i over and carefully picked something up . i the tongue of aloft trying to guide it into the hand . when its fabric covered touched the flesh with a squelch it carefully its grip around it . in a quick movement that almost made me throw the cat out of my lap it brought the tongue back within the of skin from which it came . once more the hand came out feeling for something again . and then it found it . the small flesh colored tab of the zipper . slowly with much effort the arm out to the elbow and the hand to pull . the tab traveled all the way back down the track . the hand itself back inside . zip it shut completely . and suddenly the zipper was gone . i tried to find it again but there was nothing . it was as though it sunk back into the flesh without a trace or perhaps it was never there to begin with . got up off of my lap . she my hand a few times it where it was covered in blood and sweat from grasping s tongue . then she grew and lazily away . i sat on the floor a few more . i have to find the here . it ' s my job to find the . after what i saw two nights ago i have to figure something out as this is much stranger than even i . my name is maxwell and i am an agent for the and am considered one of their top . if that you then let me explain it ' s my job after all . are the that the agency out to collect data and make sense of the mundane and the difficult to explain . they are responsible for that are easy to pack away in a box and store in the . they are responsible for neet little that can be brought up at cocktail and re election . are not so lucky . we solve the that there ' t clear for . we operate in the looking for that no one about . when a case can ' t be closed up nice and neat with a little bow they call in the and we explain what it is that outside the public consciousness . to answer your yes it ' s like the x but with way more and far less " creature of the week " content . the truth is that people are generally scary enough all on their own . you don ' t need or to explain most . if exist i ' never had to debunk them and they have to stay off my radar . mostly what i do is investigate government that seem to think they can make up outlandish to deflect the ' s scrutiny . money missing ? oh it must have been by a hacker that just so to have the same address as our it guy . missing ? it must be a asset it can ' t be the file clerk with a case of kleptomania . a missing child who ' s up and under mysterious near a lake but can ' t be found ? usually it is not a dinosaur or a large animal but the local pervert . so yeah it ' s like the x if the x was boring . at least it was until three ago . my boss me up to his office with a " special case " . these are rare i ' had three in my whole ten year career and they usually ' t up so easily . administrator at me over the desk as he handed me the envelope . i was to see my name already on it a much younger agent who had an incident about three ago a gas leak at a comedy club . this was during a time when a lot of these weird were turning out to be mob or " special interest " taking out a target or an asset . these ' t care if they while they tied up loose . as long as the target was it ' t matter . " are we the laughing boss ? " " i don ' t suppose you caught last night " guy tonight " did you ? " i shook my head " i don ' t watch a lot of boss . " " his whole audience guy included were in a " gas leak " . " he used air for the last . he handed me another file and i cracked it open reading over the and shaking my head " anyone take credit for it ? " " no and that ' s odd with these . no one ever took credit for the comedy club either the set back in ninety two or the gymnasium of in two thousand ten either . that do this sort of thing are usually more than happy to brag about it afterward . i want you to explain this to the board figure out who ' s behind this and make it stop . " i my brow " do we believe that all these are connected somehow ? " out a long suffering breath and i saw him look longingly at the on his desk . one of his had written " ten clean " in it but you could tell that these were the days when he really a cigarette . when i had he had smoked like a chimney but he gave it up after his first and only heart attack about eight into my career . someone on the board must be leaning on him hard if he was thinking about sliding off the wagon again . " i hope so . if not we are royally screwed . " along with the guy incident there were three from all over the united . a musician who ' d written his own suicide note and it to . a surgeon whose last testament a lot like that of guy ' s guest on that fateful night roger . the last was a funeral in the for a teacher . the husband had given a rather chilling eulogy of which only one clip before the whole place had also of a " gas leak " . none of these people had anything in common . to my knowledge they had never even met but they had all tragically in what was being a gas leak . the coroner ' s in all six read like carbon . i almost thought it was the same guy until i that he would have to be in his as well as working in four and canada . four had been found with that same laughing rictus on their face as well . the eulogy giver a man with the unfortunate name of frank had been found behind the pulpit with an ear to ear grin . he had himself to death as his cried out for air and the in the church had done the same . ditto the surgeon found against the washroom wall with the only smile his said he ' d ever worn and ditto frank when they found him in the broom closet . the comedy club and the guy from the studio were a little harder to explain . the studio production had seen a body count in the triple but both mark and had . the who came to the scene found them in a broom closet catatonic but still alive . some twenty later though mark had suicide a gun found into his grinning mouth and had been found in his bed and smiling like an idiot . another apparent gas leak but twenty after the studio leak . had been the asset they were trying to get rid of ? who would want to kill a that bad ? were they tying up loose ? why wait so long ? then there was the comedy club survivor . he had in the nick of time just like the in the high school leak . a year later though he had been found in his bed at the hotel he worked at dead from asphyxiation . they said he had been smiling his stomach and his almost from his laughter as he . they all unconnected yet the connection was their death . the only survivor lived in . maybe he had some . i a plane and twelve later i was sitting at the kitchen table in ' s apartment . the poor guy rough his almost like someone had him and i could see him furtively glancing around as we sat drinking coffee . the apartment ' t look like a bachelor pad a woman ' s touch throughout but when i about her he his teeth and said she had left to see her mother . not long broken up i ' d wager if they were . " i know this may be difficult but can you tell me about that day in the gymnasium ? " he clearly this being the last thing he had me to ask about . " why do you know about that ? " " i ' m working a case and the you went through are very similar to that have in these . so far you are the only survivor of these and your testimony could be key to a connection . " he shook as he drank his coffee . he more like an old man than a not even in his . he and i let him . this was likely the most traumatic event in his life and it for a complete stranger was probably not how he to spend his morning . but i had the badge so it was my job to dredge up these old and reopen the old wounds . what a great job i have right ? " it was the class presidency speech . i was nervous i ' t slept well the night before and i was being . . . well i was nervous ? i got up on the stage and talking and people laughing at me . " " laughing ? why ? did you say something funny ? " " no " he shot a look at the corner before back to me " i . . . i ' t a popular guy in and well people at me sometimes . i getting nervous and then i saw that everyone was laughing . their were into and their skin was turning black and i . . . i mean i just ran . i ran and ran until i got home . i ' t even know about the gas leak until later that day . i on my front porch and my took me to the hospital . i was the only survivor of the incident to my knowledge . most of the senior class was out and i think i was one of five that year . " his description of the smiling had made me think about how the had . all of them had smiling laughing and that ' t be a coincidence . this had a real bullet that was clear but what was the connection between all of this ? they had all laughing in different and different times but they had all the same way . this was no coincidence . i him and rose to leave but he stopped me and went to get something from his bedroom . he came back with of all a graduation announcement . it declared the reunion for the class of would be at seven tonight for all . the picture like it had been taken in the gym but the floor was blank and the message at the bottom almost sinister given the event that had there . the picture a lot like the file picture i had of the gym floor after the incident lying around grinning at the ceiling . see you soon . given what the picture was missing it made my skin crawl for some reason i ' t quite put my finger on . " when did you receive this ? " i it over and the address . " about two ago . can you . . . can you see them ? " he almost whispered the last bit as though he was ashamed and of my answer . i it back over " see what ? " " see the . . . the . . . " he said suddenly . he made then saying he had to get ready for work and made it pretty clear that he was done entertaining . he me out and i gave him my card in case he thought of anything else . the door shut behind me and i if i ' d ever talk to this again . that was a weird thought to have of nothing but it me down the hallway and out to my car . i driving back to the airport but turned into a hotel instead . i ' t feel like i was done with this case just yet . i took a room as i reading through the case . he had to tell me something something important but he ' d been afraid . afraid of what ? afraid i would mock him ? or afraid that i would believe him and something would come after him ? i went back to the of the two from the studio . the mark had mostly been silent throughout the interview but the other one had been very vocal about a strange dark crowd that had come in and the whole incident . he had any sort of gas leak saying that these dark were the cause of all of it . then twenty later he had been taken off the board . i at the comedian ' s profile but he had never actually spoken to the police or anyone . in truth they he had in the club until they found him dead later . could he have come across these as well ? there was no other mention of these in any other report so i decided to watch ' s last video before his death . as the video he clearly off camera . his face was a mask of fear and anticipation . i had seen do the same thing while we sat at his table and the look was a little too familiar to be . i kept watching looking for as he out his final dirge . the song was long and halting his heart sliding over the as he belted out his final and in retrospect it should have been obvious what he intended . as i watched i saw something pass behind him just for a split second and rewound so i could try to pinpoint it . going frame by frame i caught it and it sent a chill down me . this was what had been trying to tell me about . its body was like living midnight its skin a constantly moving mass of darkness and its teeth too big ever to stretch its nonexistent around . its skin to move even with the video and despite it no i felt it watching me . this was what had himself to get away from . this was what had been searching for in the of his house . had this been what had made the comedian die laughing and taken both mark and before their time ? what even was this thing and why did it stalk the of their ? as i studied it it suddenly swung its face to look at me . its teeth wetly within the video and i as it in to study me . its eyeless face into my soul and i knew that even from the of this video it could hurt me . it stepped a little closer unaffected by the frozen world that it found itself in coming towards me before i the shut and it off the bed . it fell to the floor of the hotel room the carpet stopping it from breaking and when i it a few later the image was gone . i heading for my car as i tried to control my erratic breathing . his phone went to . i him three more times but it always went straight to every time . the greeting was from a much happier man his voice full of bounce and cheer as he told me that he ' t in right now but if i left a message he would call me back . i closed the phone doubting that he would even if i had left him a message . i knew where he was . ' t he me the invitation ? ' t he as good as told me where he would be tonight ? the was dark when i up in the drop off area . the school had been closed for the night but i found the gym door unlocked . someone had put up a morbid black banner over the top of it that read " welcome class of " . across the door was another banner broken in half now as though the recipient had found it when he the door to go in . it too was black the paper looking dumb and generic somehow like it had come from a standard printer in any office and someone had it together last minute . it said " welcome back . " i went inside gun drawn but i ' t have . he was alone in the gymnasium the light from the an island for him to stand in . he ' t his mind off god knew where as he stood where the platform had on that fateful day . the were out seemingly empty but as he turned to look i could see something around in them . they ' t seem to bother him . as i watched he his arms out as though inviting an old friend in for a hug . when i out he turned for the of . then the darkness in to take him . it hit him like a flood inky falling on him in a tidal wave of midnight and he was lost beneath them . he ' t struggle . he ' t even move he just accepted them and let them fall over him as they him from the island of light into the miasma of in the gym . i my gun bark unaware that i had the trigger but it as a beacon to the swarming inky hell . they turned towards me uniform and as precise as a military color guard and swept at me like a raging river . i was at them but i might as well have saved my . the tide rose nearly touching the ceiling and fell on me like a fist . i inside them feeling the urge to laugh but trying to put it aside . if i they would have me and i did not want to be had . i was blind deaf my mouth made dumb by the dark rush and suddenly i was before an all too familiar face . the mostly the same sleek black and grinning but i felt sure that this was the one i had seen in the video . was this the alpha creature ? was he their leader ? did they have like that ? he cocked his eyeless head and to contemplate me . for something without i felt like i never had before . he ' t whether i was tasty he ' t whether i was dangerous . he was my merit my worthiness . this was no a brainless creature it did not consume needlessly and if it me it would have me . it did not fear me no more than it feared any other creature . they were old these and they were above such as fear . thankfully i was found wanting . " go away . " it its voice like a serpent at the bottom of a deep well " you are not for us but if you interfere we will take you where you do not want to go . " it threw me threw me with the black that me and i sailed through the void as this alien strangeness my . i awoke in my hotel room as my phone to blare . it was my boss . " the witness from the school incident been taken . this ' t some terrorist group it ' s a thing . it ' s taking people for some reason and " " what the hell are you babbling about ? whatever it is it will have to wait . i need you on the first plane to . there ' s been an incident in a local court case that the mo . i need you there yesterday . " i at the phone breathing heavily . another one ? what the hell was going on . a court case would be a pretty public spot for something like this too . would the risk giving themselves away like that ? " boss i need you to listen . it ' s " " i don ' t have time . i have my own fish to fry and you have a plane to catch . get on it . " then he hung on me . i slid the phone into my pocket . it i was heading to . my younger sister when i was seventeen . she d been fourteen at the time and her death had marked a significant change in our family . the change t merely the kind of shift in atmosphere that you d expect any house to undergo after the death of a child . sure there was the openly expressed grief sullen and of absolute silence despite the home being by the three . but beneath and beyond these immediate of bereavement and depression there a lower subtly hidden layer of relief . this relief that i in my carefully curtailed when they knew that i was within sight manifested itself in little and that they had otherwise only displayed during of open and public happiness before my sister s death . on several i my mother stare at some object in the house or some sight through a window and in this she d smile a momentary lapse in the depression . i at first thought that during these she was simply some memory of her lost child brought to the forefront of her by the object or sight in question . but after it a few times and i took it upon myself to direct my gaze towards the thing she d been on i certain that there was no correlation between the and my sister . the or the seen through or on the were entirely unrelated to my sister . no parallel or tangential relation could be drawn between the two typically disparate . i knew my sister better than anyone and since we were both home schooled there was never a period during which my mother and sister had spent considerable time without me . i d always been aware totally or partially of any inside or personal between them . some impression that i still can barely define me to refrain from my mother about this decidedly odd behavior . i felt that to challenge my mother s behavior even slightly would result in some unforeseen and bizarre punishment or a revelation i t yet ready to face . and anyway my father had also his own unusual of joyful reflection and mirth . when my sister was still alive she and my father would go into the garage wherein she would watch and sometimes help him in the restoration of one of the old or the tuning up of the presently used one . i had no interest in these and had expressed this to my sister who then told him otherwise he would me along as well . but my sister being a fledgling little auto mechanic and spending time with our dad . during these of recreation my dad t considered these practically educational times part of our standard curriculum my mother and i would lounge around in the great room and she d read from her childhood to me . well since my sister s death my dad continued working on his making his and and fine . but rather than do these with the grim solemnity befitting a father who lost a child he and and with a smile when he he is not being watched . the door that into the garage from the house is kept shut and always been kept shut originally because while working he and my sister would tell that they knew my mother t approve of . but since my sister s death there t any reason for the door to be shut but he had kept it like that anyway . luckily the door can be a crack without making much noise and the of his work are often so loud that i m able to slip it open without him hearing . and through the in polished metal and chrome and glass i have seen him not just smiling but grinning almost madly as he works on the . when i had these somewhat careless of inner glee enough to be by them i came to the conclusion that the nature of my sister s death might been less innocently accidental than . being the sole child i had no one to immediately confide in and none of the few i had not a single one close enough for the designation of friend would enough to invest in interest in my dilemma . my sister was virtually unknown to the neighborhood and the few who had sufficiently with her to say that they knew her t exactly by her death . my sister whenever the opportunity arose and these were extremely rare would proclaim her intellectual and even moral superiority over the public school of our neighborhood often even to their whenever we were to hangout with them . i don t exactly know how she this perception because neither myself nor my had expressed such a belief to her or about her . our home schooling was largely out of ease since my mother is a retired professor and certain to be later had my sister and i both from leaving home for long of time . luckily because i d been around to silence or wrangle her these of superiority never in hostile between her and her . but still she had them and i knew that i d receive no companionship from them now that she s dead . not a single person had even expressed their for my loss . without a without anyone who might see for themselves the odd behavior and vindicate my i decided that my only option of investigative progress from that point was the direct of my separately about their of mind in the wake of my sister s passing . since my father had almost evilly happy in his private and had unsettled me quite a bit i decided to question my first . while her far eyed were considerably inappropriate in my opinion there was never a suggestion of malice or familial corruption in them . she apathetically and this made her seem the more approachable of the two . after a day s mathematics with all the austerity reverence and soft spoken speech of a mother who lost a child but must continue on with her i my while she prepared us some tea how she d been feeling since my sister s death . the question t caught her off guard i had hoped it might but t really it to and she promptly softly that she was working through it and trying to keep her mind on the happier . and of course she returned the question to me and i similarly although i suspected that only my response had been the genuine one . a hug was then by her and by me with not nearly as much enthusiasm . i then took my tea up to my room to reflect on the disappointingly brief interaction and plan the subsequent of my father . when he s not working on his my father can more than likely be found in the den watching the seemingly endless collection of s and s action that he in the drawers and on the of a massive entertainment cabinet . because of their unflinchingly violent nature my mother had forbidden my sister from my father into the den and despite not being restricted i never him in either . i enjoy action but i knew that this casual ritual was his time to be alone and allow his mind to sort of dissolve . i have a similar activity reading and my her . my sister to draw but she t had enough time to develop this hobby into a proper passion before her life was stripped away . after finishing my tea i went downstairs crossed through the kitchen where my mother sat going over my classwork nodding to herself in satisfaction and the to the den . as my father was inside sitting in his leather lounge chair onto the footrest that extended from the base of the chair . a movie was on the something i d seen before and the the dialogue in perfect sonic distribution around the room . i t meant to but i d actually caught him in one of his of secret joy an almost devilish smile was spread across his face even though the scene t one that would such a reaction . the of desperate for help in the face of some ultra violent threat had covered my and i to catch several full of observation before he me . he then that almost demonic visage from his face as if it t been there at all . a smaller artificially pained smile the devilish one a smile that said or tried to say hey sweety what a pleasant surprise ! is everything ? missing your sister ? i back trying to keep my unease from my face and body language . i and he quickly got up from the chair . i froze thinking that he was about to do something terrible to me but he simply the seat of the chair me to sit . he then turned went to the closet at the other end of the room brought out a foldable chair and it beside the lounge chair . i must because a brief layer of confusion that quickly assumed mask of feigned gloominess . i willfully my unease sat in the chair and ahead . i tried to appear relaxed in the film though i t help but feel that the air had been with a tension as if there was a notion of the other s dishonest representation of themselves . we watched the rest of the movie about had and after a short post discussion about our favorite and disapproval of the direction of the sequel i finally how he d been feeling since my sister s death . he gave another pretended smile as if he d known that s what i had come in to discuss . he back in his chair ran his hand through his hair a really theatrical performance if i m being honest and finally said that he her and that there was not an hour that went by when he t think of her . and that he tried to let her memory help him keep going and looking forward rather than hold him back in despair . and as my mother had done he immediately turned the question onto me and i that i had basically been doing the same . the necessary hug then and i left the den . later that night sitting in my room to read i tried to think of something else i could do some recourse or unthought of avenue of interrogation to pursue . both of my had essentially stone walled me and i was certain that my had done nothing but give them cause to guard their secretive more closely . dinner an hour before had been quieter than usual and as i had the and meat around my plate i my exchange furtive that bespoke of some mutually kept and evil secret . when it was time for bed as by myself in my tiredness not a decree of my i turned off the and settled myself beneath my . the house being somewhat new for the area had yet to develop the inevitable of structural strain and over use . so i d never been able to hear the of my as they crept about the house . likewise they d never been able to hear mine nor my when we d sneak to each other s and play video beneath the or share to homework that we were supposed to have before bed . but on that night after futilely my i a single yet eye opening noise and practically leapt out of my bed to land silently on my . despite my exhaustion entirely mental rather than physical i was suddenly and fully alert and crept with the practiced silence of a stalking panther across my room out the door and toward the source of the sound my bedroom . i knelt in front of the door barefooted and still hearted and in . i the sleep sound again and almost cried out in surprise . luckily my left hand had instinctively gone to my mouth stifling the cry . i myself my body against what i might see and in total silence cycling the wariness out with the air . i then the doorknob and open the door . i suppose before i go on that i should briefly describe my sister s death . two ago on a perfectly ordinary day my sister and my father had been in the garage together working on the as usual . i d been with my mother who was routinely tending to that issue which my sister and i from regular schooling . at one point after one of the frequent of laughter that was presumably in response to some unsavory joke my mother and i a sudden blood chilling scream . the voice barely as my sister s carried the shrill cry through the garage door up the and into my room where we d been . my mother and i immediately the crossed the kitchen and the garage where we found my father my sister . at first i t seen what was wrong . the car on which they d been working t been an irrational fear of my mother s was that it would suddenly fall upon my father or sister while they worked beneath and the were scattered in what like a somewhat orderly manner . it t until my father had raised my sister and her in his arms that i saw the source of her agony and his distress . in some freak accident or morbidly momentous turn of fate a single nail had been in my sister s back precisely at the spot where we are most vulnerable and which our mother had taken great care to protect throughout our . i knew of the spot s fatal importance even though i t been taught exactly why it was so important to all the other equally vulnerable throughout our . my sister her head in my father s chest for a while wide eyed and and then her fell and her body went limp . the arms which had been wrapped around my father s neck fell to dangle at her side and all of life and consciousness left her small form . apparently in a fit of extreme laughter during which she had been sitting my sister had fallen backwards and in the process her elbow had over turned a box of . among the that had out a single deviant one had incredibly lethally landed upright and my sister s back had fallen to greet it and the mortally sensitive spot was pierced . we had our own funeral and my sister was buried among the far of our estate . when i threw open my door i had thought that i was ready for whatever cryptic and possibly even sinister sight that could lie beyond but i was utterly absolutely by what the truth . my mother sat on their bed and my father sat across from her in a chair . beside his sat his toolbox which was open . on the other side stood a lamp with its bulb shining brightly onto the scene . a sky blue tarp had been laid beneath everything my father s chair and another had been laid over the bed and its . my mother was seated on top of the tarp . both of my wore more akin to the surgical variety used by than the common my mother would often use when washing . and lying face down across my mother s lap was a body i had immediately . a body i instantly knew to have been the source of that sound which had me from sleep and drawn me to that threshold . my sister up and it was then my turn to scream . a face eye less and cracked back at me . the of dirt they apparently t finished washing away the of her burial coated the porcelain like of her and her nose was loose as if it t been properly re fitted . her were normal but faded and yet not as with the of life from them but the natural fading of color from that had never been truly alive only superficially animate . her back to the revealing light was open and within that gaping crevice i saw a soul shaking existentially terrifying sight and other of electronics and machinery made up her internal . there was nothing of the flesh inside her all was steel and plastic and artificiality . despite her seemingly debilitated state a smile spread across my sister s face and those empty where should have been were directed towards me and she spoke my name with a sickeningly human glee a glee unbefitting a semi operational automaton . i ran away without an intelligible word to anyone in that room . i many behind me as i the and one sound in particular the unmistakable thud of a body falling onto the floor my flight . into the night i down the street my fright my to carry me far beyond the house farther than i d ever gone before . flew behind me and yet i never tired . despite never truly tested my physical i was nonetheless by the dark implication . still i continued on until terror at the total unfamiliarity of the area but not exhaustion me to stop . i my surroundings and that i had well beyond our neighborhood and had at some sort of industrial park . the steel skeleton of some soon to arise building stood stoically to my left and across the street from this was a factory or warehouse of some kind . other similar lined the street farther down and a few unoccupied of size and purpose sat within their lots . despite the cool air which had a frost onto the scant leafage and vegetation of the area i was not cold and this lack of susceptibility to the only my self reflective despair . i sat on the curb and around me until my on that unfinished building with all its bare its and metallic framework . i felt a sudden morbid and kinship with this lifeless structure and at that point i was certain without question that i was no different from my sister . that inside my body would be found the artificial man made of machinery rather than naturally grown human . despite my freedom and the horrific revelation of my true nature i found myself weirdly longing to return home . a blacker despair fell over my mind and heart as i that it was probably some built in feature of my should i ever become lost or intentionally stray from home . seeing no point in fighting the impulse i got up myself off and home as tirelessly as i had it . my had been waiting for me . they were sitting on the front porch casually probably so as to not draw the attention of the . when i had crossed the lawn a last act of free thinking rebellion and them they put their arms around me and led me inside . there was no sign of my sister downstairs and i assumed that she d been put away for the time being . before either of my spoke i out the question that had plagued my mind throughout the last few days . why have you two been so happy recently ? don t try to deny it i seen you both smiling as if your daughter t just recently . they sadly then and this time i knew the were genuine . my mother spoke first saying of course we were by your sister s . . . death . immensely so . but we were also happy because it gave us a chance to start again to conceptualize . something we t done for so long . there is a joy in something in new and how you can improve upon your previous works . i m sure you can relate to that with your writing . your father and i t happy that your sister had away we were excited about how we could bring her back better than she d ever been . my father then added it our . she is our daughter after all and we love her just as much as you do . so in the times we spent away from you we the problem went over we d separately and together and her return . i m sure in our position you would been equally ecstatic . i them and hoped that it t simply because i was to . but i still had other with the most important the most life still unanswered . the why of it all the reason for built us and lied to us about the nature of our being . my face must this question for me before my mouth could form the because they both drew me into a embrace and my mother softly whispered it was the only way we could have you . biological life t perfect it actually rarely is . and in our case the traditional method of offspring t an option for us . so we put our brains together and decided that nature or fate or whatever t stop us from being . it took of and but we finally produced two beautiful who we love just as much as if they d been naturally born . i t fought the embrace and after those i had found myself burying my head into my mother s chest as i had done as a small child when some unfamiliar noise or frightful sight had me . my father wrapped himself around us and we stood there lovingly for who how long . finally i from them and them a question i had only just then considered . would it be possible to make me forget . . . all this ? to go back to normal living with you and her without the knowledge of what we are ? i don t want to know . fell from their and to my surprise i found my own down my cheek . although i had cried before the revelation of my construction had given me the impression that those old had somehow been methodically produced rather than naturally induced . my mother her face forward and my forehead and said yes . we can do that . that was two ago . after agreeing to help me forget they told me to wait in my room while they finished my sister . since then i been writing this story journal entry autobiography whatever you d like to call it . i plan to save it to a flash drive which i then hide or arrange to have it somewhere so that in some distant future of my life or someone else s a record of the truth will exist for anyone who to read it . before the night is over i will have forgotten everything that s in the last two my sister s death my the knowledge of what i truly am all of it . even though i still have a few such as why their original design of our such a glaring structural fault and if we have an expiration date i don t really care to know the . i just want to back to normal . my family will be whole again . i wake up in the morning totally oblivious to the mechanical of my body the artificial network of my mind . i go to breakfast and sit across from my mother the retired but professor and my father the electrician and hobbyist mechanic . and my sister will sit beside me and probably say jasmine or jass as she to call me can i have some of your bacon ? and all will be well . i the link . it brought me to a survey . the title of the survey was the empty courtroom . i next . the brought up two . one of a young girl . she was and blue eyed . her hair was braided and she was smiling . the other picture was of a man maybe in his s . he wore a wide brimmed hat and a mustache . he had no expression on his face . i did not recognize either of them . below the was some text . who is the killer and who is the victim ? as i my cursor over the two empty below the . it was clear that the me to guess who was who . i victim below the little girl and killer below the man . i next . the to two new . the first was a lamb . the second was a wolf . the text read who is innocent and who is guilty ? i went to type in the empty but i . it felt like something was on the tip on my tongue a memory or an experience i t quite access . before i could examine my own i had already my . the lamb was innocent the wolf guilty . i next . two new crossed my screen . why was i on this page ? the first picture was a woman with no . her hair was short and blood down her neck . she was winking . the second picture was of two newly . they were on a silver tray with fresh . the text read who is and who is lost ? i up briefly from the screen . an electric current ran down my back . my own scream me . it also made me realize there was no sound in the room . actually what room was i in ? where was i ? on the screen a woman s voice from all around me . i turned back to the . as if by muscle memory my in the . beneath the and lost beneath the woman . i did not need to click next . the screen two i . the first was my mother . the second was my father . the text read who did you kill and who did you save ? i don t want to do this i out . you never do the voice . please why am i doing this ? where am i ? i up again desperate to remember . the shock hit me twice as hard . answer the question the voice . came to my as i . i my father to save my mother . one more the voice said with a hint of boredom . the screen switched and two new . one was of me . i was in a courtroom dressed in all orange . in the background i could see my mother on the witness stand pointing at me . the other picture was of a woman . she was older with a messy bun on top of her head . she had glasses and a white lab coat . the text said who is the doctor and who is the patient ? i remember i whispered staring at the screen . you always do the voice . when will this end ? when you answer correctly . my turned to . i am not doing this . i want out of this . the voice . you agreed to this . you thought this would be a better option than prison . i was eleven ! you were guilty . i stood up yelling you can t torture me forever ! i am going to the came . harder this time . my body . the pain through every limb . i back to the chair in the cell sitting at the desk . the was gone . now it was just a link on a plain white background . i took a deep breath . just one more time . you can do it just one more time . the link said the institute the trial . i the link . patient vcm cannot complete the simple process by their own admission . their understanding of right and wrong is rudimentary and only when faced with their own . recommendation punishment for deviation . . wafter getting out of the weird hole i had been stuck in for the past the first order of business was obviously to track down whoever was left of my family or so it at first . but as the first day came and went and i found no sign of them in our old house now abandoned and overgrown i to realize that re a normal living situation was a more pressing matter . the hole as much as i to revisit it was a safe place to spend the night but that still t take care of food water or any other . it t help that i had absolutely nothing to my name and even if i had who would have some who went missing ago showing up at the bank with no change in his appearance to claim the money in his long defunct account ? i had to play my just right if i t want to end up homeless or worse found out by the government and . fortunately an idea was quick to present itself . everyone who knew me and everyone who had read about me in whatever news had gone around when i had probably thought i was long dead . i had always to pull off a ghostly activity hoax and this like just the right time for one . the first step was getting the town interested in my disappearance again . it had been after all most get of concerted effort at the most before all but the most devoted give up on them . on the other hand that combined with my unchanged appearance straight out of the s meant just about nobody would think i was still alive . all i had to do was act weird and get someone else to recognize me someone who would know who i was right away . someone like . as it turned out my old friend who to be unusually perceptive you may remember he the change in my hair color before anyone else was still living in the area and proved very easy to find . he now ran one of those cheesy ghost hunting his was granite state based out of nearby concord . as if that t good enough the flyer for his show that the wind had just so to blow into a pile of leaves near the hole gave a phone number for anyone who had evidence of paranormal activity to call . it was now my second day out of the hole and i went back into the house to try to find a working phone . i knew the chance of actually finding one was near zero but i to exhaust all of the easy before to resort to sneaking into someone else s house and their phone while they t around . incredibly i did manage to find one it even had service and a mostly battery . it was a huge gray flip phone that was the best we had in the s conveniently left out on the kitchen counter . a little too conveniently . i was beginning to think someone had caught on to my return but for the time being this phone was the best shot i had at getting anyone to help me . i the number and prepared to play my part . granite state how can i help you ? came the tinny voice on the other end . had the phone himself . hi it s me . i need you to come down who the hell are you and how did you get a voice recording of ? if this is some kind of sick joke it t funny . no really . it s me . this t a prank . remember the hole ? that weird hole that turned my hair white ? i can only imagine what his face must have like . i down there . i and nobody came to bury my body . and i been stuck here for the past unable to move on . oh my god oh my god the phone hung up . what a clever idea martin ! it s almost like i was the one who gave it to you . i turned around to see my brother frank standing in the kitchen behind me . i t sure whether to feel relieved or anxious . his over excited i quickly settled on anxious . you must have many he continued . if you will just allow me what s going on here ? i out . frank s face slightly . i hate being interrupted he ground out between his teeth . but as i was saying if you will just allow me to explain myself i will tell you everything . i figured it was probably for the best just to let him talk . have you ever of the god pill ? he said . he and at me for a minute . i said have you ever of the god pill ? frank had always been a little different . i t to him much as a child and when i had it was usually because he forced me to listen to something he had to say . it was very much like him to demand an answer to a question any sane person would think was rhetorical . no i haven t . well then ! allow me to explain . after you i fascinated with that hole in the . of course i was sure not to make the same mistake you did i took a more scientific approach with in and out of it and leaving them there for certain of time . i also took some of the water and ran various on it and eventually i to discover even more of its strange . the first thing i was that did not seem to age inside the hole . i once brought some into it left them alone for and when i came back they were just as fresh as the day they had been picked . but that was only an incidental discovery . the real crux of my came one night when i decided to sleep down in the hole taking care to stay away from the water in order to see if it would cause any unusual psychological effects . immediately i had a strange dream in which i mixed the pool water with a sample of my own seed and it into a glowing white pill the god pill . i carried out the procedure upon waking and the pill eager to see what would happen . i admit i was being a little hasty but in the dream i to know nothing bad would come of it . and i was right . but i was not prepared for what next . i no immediate change and after a little while i decided that as long as i was waiting i might as well prepare the seed to make more of the pill . but as i lay there about about the sweet lovely virginal all of a sudden she next to me naked and confused and me how she had come to arrive there . i told her that she was of me her true love and that i would never betray her by revealing what was done in the secret world of to the light of day . she me martin . she me of her own free will and then she . oh ho ! you will call me a villain will you ? i had said nothing to prompt this remark . you say that i have defiled the beautiful do you ? i assure you i did no such thing . the following day she told me blushing and stammering about her dream of me the previous night . i felt a sudden pang of conscience and told her solemnly that it had been no dream that we really had met and our love in that underground den of so many . but at that she and said i was for she had herself in the morning and found her virtue intact . i she . when she saw that she could not change my mind she said there must be something wrong with me and left . i returned to the hole that night and tried to repeat the affair but when i thought of nothing . i ate another one of the and tried again but still nothing . i kept eating pill after pill wondering what had been the cause of our strange meeting the night before and why she so obstinately to appear before me a second time . then i made a grave mistake my and i you ! and immediately before i knew what was happening your half formed embryonic shape monstrous from the pool and to know why i had disturbed its slumber . you do not remember this ? i am not it was not you after all but something that had taken control of your body during its regeneration . it told me many dear brother . it you ! told me the terrible of the sleeping earth mother and of her consort bound and by the somewhere outside of time . it told me of the origin of the sacred pool her very life giving womb ! so ignobly by you and your father and of its true purpose of the great birth to come and of the final victory all those who walk the earth when she . and i shall awaken her with your flesh i shall awaken her ! he to move toward me with a bronze dagger . i understandably out threw several small and medium sized at him and ran away out of the house . as though he t said enough already he continued to talk at me even as he me . rejoice twice born child of ! he spat . your salvation is upon you ! i knew you would emerge on this exact day at this exact time and i prepared the way for you so lovingly she told me how ! i the flyer beside the hole i left the phone out on the counter and when to investigate your of a at lane he will find nothing but a fresh plump corpse its entrails cut out to feed the hunger of the goddess ! i was absolutely and not just because my own brother had become a deranged cultist and was trying to stab me though that was definitely harrowing too . no the part the part that still me up at night was that he might have been on to something . i nothing more than to think he was just crazy that he had lost his mind eating those god supposedly made of suspicious womb water and his own bodily but given everything i had experienced so far it t be too far fetched to suggest that there really was some eldritch mad god living under the ground biding its time until whatever was keeping it dormant it to return . if there was i nothing to do with it . then i something interesting frank had been wrong about the date of my re appearance . he had told me he knew i was due to wake up on this exact day but i had already gotten up and the house the day before when neither he the flyer nor the phone had been present . as we continued to run fortunately my musculature had been fully to its pool state leaving me a little faster than him i back at him your goddess was wrong . he stopped dead in his . what ? he . you dare utter against the great earth mother ? you are a liar and a perjurer ! if you have any proof i t walk out of that hole yesterday instead of today i retorted i d love to see it because otherwise whatever you may have from that s what i remember happening . he off into the distance lost in thought probably trying to figure out a way to prove that he was right and i was wrong . i took advantage of his distraction and though i to do it even more now dove back into the hole . i stayed down there for what felt like forever and when i got back out frank had . i never saw him again . a few later i into still wandering around the property and he me take care of the legal side of and get back on my . i never did find out what while i was down in that hole . still to tell me he jokingly it s his for disappearing on him and trying to prank him but i suspect that s not the only reason he won t say and as far as i know no episode of granite state was ever made about the so mad of county . to be honest i don t even think i want to know . one thing s for sure though i m never going back there again not after everything that there and what might still be waiting there for me . whenever work or of mine bring up the of i tell them that i have never been . of course i am to join them on their however i find an excuse not to go . they implore me saying that i will have a great time in the wilderness and it s a great way to unplug and reconnect with nature . the whole conversation comes to a head when i say that i really don t want to go because there s nothing that the wilderness for me . that of course is a lie . when i was growing up it was in the small county which is in . this was back in the day when you knew your hung out with on the block and had a sense of adventure . i grew up in the cub and later on transferred to the boy and one of the was to go overnight in the . right outside our town was orenda park which was a nice small park that us boy would use periodically . we would go on to get us to the real thing which was not far from our small town . laurel is a state park that out for in every direction and if you have never been it is a sight to behold . whether it is during the springtime where life is coming into bloom or the explosion of color that every fall season it never to disappoint . we spent countless deep within that park first as and then later on as . there were four of us and one of us came up with the fantastic four from the as we our favorite . was the human torch as he was always a hothead ready to get into a fight for the . was . fantastic as he was the brains of the outfit and always came up with good mostly to get us into trouble . was the thing as he was our rock always someone that we could count on through thick and thin . that left me as sue storm and we had something in common as we were both invisible . i can remember the first time we met each other and that was in cub . we immediately as we all the same like comic and . and when we found out we all lived relatively close to one another we would spend every weekend together . we would ride our around the neighborhood go to the general store to see what came in and just get into all of . we continued into the all the way up into boy and we all four made it that far . i can remember our first time going and it was an amazing experience done right on the edge of summer . it was something out of the as we sat around a campfire roasting and telling scary to entertain one another . we all decided to quit boy before starting our first year at north star high school . the reasoning behind this was thought if we t part of the we t get picked on as much by the . that was a good idea in theory however in practice it only worked for a week or two at best . after that it was as if someone declared open season on us all and went after us like after deer . we tried to stand together however they would just gang up on us and beat us collectively into the ground . one day during lunch an offhand comment from one of the and he just snapped . he his metal tray off his half eaten lunch him hard in the stomach . as the senior doubled over in pain he took the tray and hit him square in the face . the resounding clang through the cafeteria as the senior fell flat on his back . got a week of suspension but it was worth it . the now knew we were off and they made sure the rest of their class got the memo . the about spread far and wide and a lot of decided it was better not to mess with him . oh and the senior he hit ? he had to go to the hospital because he broke his nose in three with that tray . so that first year of high school we a tradition to let off some steam . we would go during the first three day weekend of the school year . this was usually around labor day weekend as the heat from summer was starting to dissipate into the cool fall season . sometimes we would make for some site in the and other times we just found a secluded spot way out from any trail . those times were some of my childhood and i would not trade them for anything . we kept up the tradition until our last year as at north star and our first outing was bittersweet . have you ever been on vacation and you still have a few days to enjoy it however you re already thinking about going back to work ? it was like that . we all sat around the campfire and this was the beginning of the school year we all thought about not seeing each other as much . had gotten into as he to pursue a degree in engineering . to go into the and a recruiter got his into him as he was going to basic after graduation . was going to help out in the family business and as for me i had no idea what i was going to do . my me to go to college however to study what ? we all sat around the campfire roasting as we about the usual that we had always about . comic and were by and . during a lull in the conversation i could feel all were on me as i to my . hey are you alright ? yeah what s up with you ? i my as i that i really t know what i to do with my life right now . so ? technically you re still a . i but then how everyone else had a plan but i t . i felt lost and i also felt like i t going to do anything with my life . for now . assured me you should just relax and not think about like this . you re a smart and believe me when i tell you this you figure it out . i and feeling a weight being off my as we spent the remainder of the evening talking and drinking . we decided to call it shortly after midnight as we had exhausted our supply of and conversation . i am glad we still kept our own from as this meant not to share one . when sleep came it came in and as i had a bunch of most of which i can t recall . one of them i still remember to this day as it was my three yelling at me over something . how they said that they t be with me over what i did and how i could do something like that . when i tried to get an answer of what i did it was only met with more screaming which rose to a crescendo . i woke up a few later as i and to go back to sleep but the urgency to answer nature s call was greater . my tent i headed out into the cool night to relieve myself on a nearby tree . the moon was bright and full in the sky almost acting like a second sun casting everything in a pale white light . as i headed back to my tent i stopped for a moment to look at our and froze . mine was the only tent in the clearing . there t another tent here as there should have been three other in the clearing with mine . i had seen my set them up early in the day . i am sure of it as i remember struggling with his . he had thrown some of the clear across the as we all had a laugh at his outburst . hello ? i said aloud but only the of the forest my reply . hello ! i as i what had . why had my abandoned me ? where had they gone in the night ? was this some sort of elaborate prank ? i was waiting for and the rest of them to come out of the and start laughing at me . but that moment never came as i out one more time ! ? ? ! my voice strained as a mixture of fear and panic rose in my throat as i had no idea what to do next . i to the ground in defeat as i had never felt so alone as i did in that moment . it was as if there was no one left as something unseen had snatched my and their from the clearing . that t make any sense as i would have their and for help . out a deep cry of anguish i let the entire forest know the of my pain . i never the forest to answer me . in the distance my barely picked up a sound that at first i t identify . it could have been anything from a deer call to the sound of a passing airplane . i t have to wait long to hear that sound again and when it my a shiver went down my spine . it was the bark of a large dog . now i t have when i was a as my sister was deathly allergic to all of pet dander . and most of the kept their either indoors or in their in . all except for one and he was a bitter old man that lived two over from my house . our used to complain about his dog as this white mongrel used to prowl the neighborhood anyone that crossed its path . this dog would growl and snap its at anyone that got too close . animal control had been more than once on the dog however it to either elude their grasp or somehow miraculously appear inside the house . the and off the that surrounded the clearing making it impossible to find out where this was coming from . i around wildly as i knew by the sound of this ravening beast i was going to be . turning around i to see a four footed silhouette in the distance . up all of my strength i took off in the other direction at top speed as i went . i only covered about two hundred when i saw this dog in this distance much closer now . how could this be ? i thought as i knew i had run in the opposite direction as i saw it just standing there . i had no time to think about this as my body ran off in another direction and getting cut by some of the low hanging . this time i had only made it a hundred or so and i could see it in front of me much closer this time . i could see that it was a german shepherd as it at me white teeth glistening in the moonlight . all sense of logic i took off in the other direction as i full out to get away from this beast . i was only running for a half a minute when i saw the shadowy outline that was much closer as the moon illuminated this thing in front of me . i froze . my mind tried and to comprehend the creature that i saw in front of me . in the i thought it was a typical german however up close this abomination was anything but a normal dog . half of it s face was worn down to the bone as i could see an empty eye socket along with an exposed jaw full of sharp teeth . the other eye was a blood red and to bore into me with its gaze . its pelt was a mishmash of exposed bone tendon and even fur matted with mud dirt and of course blood . all four of the creature to be intact as it with the grace of an apex predator . it low in its throat at me as it once loudly as if it was a challenge as if to say why are you here on my land ? every bit of me that i should run but i knew with the creature standing so close i would not stand a chance . my locked up as i just stood there listening to a growl coming from this thing that to shake the very ground . before i could react i felt myself being backwards as it was on top of me in a blink of an eye . my breath caught in my chest as i was winded as i up and saw this creature ' s decayed face close to mine . the scent of rot and decay came off this abomination in of revulsion that was enough to make me gag . turning my head sideways to offer some protection i to croak out the only two that came to mind . n n nice d . . a thousand through my mind as i braced for the inevitable . however as i finally up the courage to look up i saw this dog sitting on my chest . it at me with its head cocked to one side as if to acknowledge what i had just said . i t even blink this time as the dog was off my chest and sitting a few away from me . slowly i sat up looking at it as it sat there looking at me with the same expectant look . rising to my shakily i never broke eye contact with the creature as i stood up it t move . looking around me i could see that there were a few small that had been loose from the nearby . part of me did not want to move however the dog sensed i was nervous and to pant . that gave me the courage to bend down and pick up a good sized stick as i it out defensively in front of me . h here boy . . want this ? it let out a low woof as it into a typical play stance waiting for me to throw the stick . i back as flung the stick as hard as i could as it sailed through the air as the dog turned around and chasing it . this thing took three or four and then blinked out of sight only to reappear a few later in front of me with the stick in its muzzle ! i was completely as the dog it at my with a grin that to say did i do good ? this went on like this for an hour or so as we fetch tug of war with and he me and i him . i always what it would be like to own a dog and now i knew as i was no longer afraid of this beast . as the first of sun to filter through the forest canopy the dog stopped in the middle of the clearing . up as if hearing a call from far off as its tail to wag . it took a step forward and then back at me and once as if to say thanks . the dog forward and this time was running instead of blinking out of existence . as it hit the sunlight it to change back into a normal dog . the fur coat brushed and immaculate as all of decay and rot were clean . i then to see where it was running to and there was a small shadowy shape that was waving at the dog . as i saw the dog meet the small shape they both off fading into the morning light . i my and tried to get my as i headed due west . i knew i would either hit the parking lot or a main road where i could flag someone down and get some help . not even ten later i my calling my name as i rushed out of the into the parking lot . they all at me and then me all at once . where the hell did you go ? ! we were go get the ! or at least the ranger what the heck gotten into you man ? came up to me and if i was as i shook my head and as if i was going to cry . why . . why did you leave me ? was the only thing i could say . they at each other perplexed . dude we t go anywhere . we woke up this morning and found your tent empty . we figured you had gone to take a and got lost coming back . as he a bag into the back of the car yeah i even your stupid tent and sleeping bag . this made no sense as i knew i had up in a deserted clearing . however if i told them what they t believe me . or worse they would probably have me . so i made up a story saying that i must have in my sleep and i woke up in an unfamiliar clearing . i never went again . we only had the opportunity to go twice more during the school year however it that fate would intervene . the first time we t go as had gotten sick and our last outing was because was grounded . the rest of the year in a blur as we studied for and then to go our separate ways . i had taken my advice and enrolled in a nearby college and there i found my new passion . i decided to pursue a bachelor ' s degree in business administration and graduated at the top of my class . upon graduating i had found a job within a successful computer company and had found my niche in life . i worked hard and was for it and in less than five i had to to run there . i had taken all the money i had saved and bought myself a nice in a high rise that was right on the river . i had even found a local shelter and adopted a young german shepherd that i affectionately duke . but that s not what my at night . every so often i find myself back in that clearing in my . and i find something else that the forest and twisted into a hideous creature . it could be a deer or a bear or something else and i can almost hear the forest trying to call me back to it . sometimes when i wake up at night i stare across the of the river . into the wooded that lie beyond and i wonder if one day i will wake up in the middle of that forest . and i also wonder . . if i will ever make it out . it is as the title . i am fairly certain that i saw a out the window of the train . if that were the only event that then i t have any reason to tell my story . in order to get into what let me start off at the beginning of my day . it was a normal as far as i was concerned i stayed up until about am the mobile game with my . yes i know it is considered a sin to cheat by my brother s to determine who the imposter is but i m not getting into that debate right now . i woke up not too long after am on my phone a while and then hopped out of bed threw on the same clothes i had on the day before and headed downstairs to the kitchen . i threw together my breakfast food while my both groggily dragged their to meet me . my twin brother decided to shower to wake himself up while my younger brother decided to partake in the feast of homemade with peanut butter and chocolate milk . by the time was dressed and sitting at the kitchen table and i had already finished the into our dishwasher and off the table . i had in advance and my train t for a few more so my and i had our out and the of among us for a little while . after we grew tired from the and that we received for cheating we some mortal on our ps . it was a very morning all considered . as i prepared to collect my luggage and leave for the train station i reiterated the food to my . the roast is in the slow cooker all you have to do is clean up . it is going to be finished at today and if you t sure if it ' s done then shoot me a picture i continued speaking over my s of assuring me that they d be fine without me . remember tomorrow is oven baked chicken and after school is and you can order anything you want for and pay a tip ! i rushed my sentence as the front door of our tiny rented house open for me . we be fine ? chill out ? to himself . you re right you be fine . do your homework ! i love you ! see ya ! i to them as i headed down the driveway and towards the bus stop down the road . hasta la vista baby ! as my movie reference of all time at me i t help but smile . they be fine . i raised them well i thought to myself . i at them waving in the open front door and gave them a very flat and stern expression . i be back . i my voice as best as possible before smiling and heading back towards the bus stop . my were extremely busy people all our . was born with a learning disability and more attention from my than i . i had to grow up and mature faster to be able to take care of as our mother was a full time principal in our local school and a part time student tutor while my father worked as a warehouse manager full time and was often working the midnight . he worked those due to the to be unproductive . he always said he to straighten them out . my father would sleep all day and my mother would work all day . i would always prepare s and walk him to school walk him home and make him dinner . i him with his homework . i read him bedtime . i him into bed . i was always there for him . was born a week before my ninth birthday with . by now had quickly surprising everyone . he was potentially even and more socially acceptable than i was though he t have the same that i had and therefore t entirely confident in even turning on an oven or setting a microwave timer . anyways by the time came around i was well aware that i d have to raise him too . i so desperately my and dad to be real for little to be there for him and be what and i never had . but i knew deep down inside that that t happen . by the time i was and i were and had just turned the three of us out and into our own apartment . i t even sure that our would notice s absence to be honest . they had no with us all moving in together they said to me themselves that they knew was better off with us than them . they said he was never supposed to be which entirely me . because of this and i to call our miracle brother . despite our age gap the three of us were extremely close with one another . it was us three against the world . nobody would change that . then about a year ago i fell in love with my old high school crush . his name is . we were always close since grade nine but as high school came to a close and we parted ways for university we our love . it was a very corny movie moment to me . even through long distance we made our relationship work . and were obviously jealous that was taking all of my attention . they were afraid that was going to take me away from them . all that aside they my . they were all friendly and had good together . they were happy for us . so here i am at the train station my train to my on our first year anniversary . i anxiously the train wondering with me when i got back . maybe they were mad already . or maybe they t upset at all . i myself into thinking that i was doing the right thing even though my stomach was turning violently . i was feeling very nauseous . it had nothing to do with anything i ate i had a horrible feeling . something inside me was telling me that something bad was going to happen . i t listen to it at the time i thought it was all just the of traveling . i was just too excited to see . the train was quite long it went from my small little town of southern to the northern and frigid climate that is as all of canada . overall the trip to s was close to twelve however that the train ride along with the bus and the drive that to take from his apartment to where i arrive on the train and back to his apartment . i had the train and been seated when one of the train staff to scan my ticket . i quickly for not being prepared and dug through my luggage to find my ticket . after that i was settled and if i had any food or drink for the ride the staff member had along down the aisle . i around the car only three other before out my from my bag and my into my . i sent a text to my them of my absence from my for the next few days and threw on some . gaming were always a but recently had gotten me hooked onto a game theory channel . i could sit there for watching the different conspiracy about video game lore and for the first half of my trip that ' s exactly what i did . the early winter sunset filled the skies with orange and pink as i had decided to put my away and watch the window with my music on . i had always listening to music on long especially across the country . i tried to imagine cheesy movie taking place in the open with slow and faceless slow dancing . within about an hour after i first out my window the snow had begun . at first it was a light flurry hardly visible as the train sped along the . eventually it was . simply looking outside gave me as i never being in the snow . snow is pretty but from a far i d always say . i underneath my thick leather jacket as the train came to a slow stop in a remote northern town . this was not my stop as the train station itself was visibly the building in the entire town . anyone could stand on one end of the town and see the other side down the road even in the blizzard like that were present . as the train i kept my outside my window . no had left the car and no additional had . i found this to be very strange as the train to always stay on schedule . little time was available for simply stopping . there must have been something wrong with one of the or the conductor or possibly even the train itself . attention we apologize for the delay . we will continue on our trip in five . once again we apologize for the delay . we thank you for choosing to ride with us and enjoy your evening ! the overhead broke through my and me back into reality . i simply around the car for a moment and then to let him know of the five minute delay . when i back outside my window again was when i saw it . the tall figure was over and with it s back towards me . i could see the back of it s white skull and it s broken and distorted . it was extremely frail it s impossibly long and spindly . the creature was in the tree line across the town hardly any specific were noticeably through the extreme snow however i right away the creature . doubt had settled in almost as fast as the creature to appear . it always been there ? was my mind on me ? it more and more obvious the longer i at it . how had i not it until now ? what the hell ? i whispered under my breath . at the moment i was so quiet that i t even sure i had said it out loud . just as soon as i the creature whirled it s head at a near one hundred and eighty degree angle to face me . the black for deep into my soul . this creature had me and now this creature had seen me . i was sure of it . it s mouth and an animal s corpse fell out blood everywhere . whatever this creature had been consuming was too to determine what it really was . the train to life and across the gradually gaining speed . i was from the sudden movement and nearly out of my seat . the creature only as i sped off . i to get my out of my bag and reconnect it to the train s . i spend the last two and a half of my trip the creature . this is where i had learned of its name . this creature had been a part of native folklore for many . i nearly t hold my dinner in when i read about the of becoming of ago . after reading other people s close i was more and more convinced that what i saw was real . i was ready to move on and forget about my encounter with the by the time i stepped off the train . i practically fell into s arms and broke down a mixture of fear and of sadness and loneliness me all at once . i was grateful to be there with him in his arms when i him most . i told him about my encounter with the on the drive back to his apartment . i believe that you definitely saw something he his doubt unintentionally present in his voice . i just don t believe that a creature like that is all like how come the only solid proof of its existence are tall tales and folklore ? i i quietly to my . he one of his off the wheel and mine firmly and reassuringly . i just i don t know what it is i guess . it real to me . well that s good enough for me he said calmly . that s enough reason for me to keep you safe . his classic cute grin formed on his face revealing only a few of his nearly perfect white teeth . oh ? you need a reason to keep me safe ? i jokingly said as if he had said something offensive . well no ! i he over his . i made it comically clear that i was not believing him . had to make me forget all about my terrible experience ago . we were laughing and around as he into his parking space in his apartment complex . the building itself t been very tall only about ten . the building itself was nearly completely surrounded by dark . his town t very large only about eight thousand . beautiful lush evergreen surrounded the little city with nearly every house its own tree in the front lawn . sparkling white gently fell around me as i stepped out of s car . the parking lot was lightly covered in snow before i had to make it to the entrance of the building . like the gentleman he is carried my luggage from the car and to the apartment . he was talking about one of the regular at his fast food part time job when i cut him off . listen i said in a whisper . the on my arms stood on end . formed all over my body . someone was watching us i could feel it . i the tree line but saw nothing out of the ordinary . i don t hear anything exactly it s so quiet . there ' t any around . not a single sound . only the eerie dead silence . is it always this quiet ? in the middle of the night ? yeah it is t making me feel any better . what s wrong ? you still ? let s just go inside i don t like it out here . i clung onto his arm and rushed towards the front . once inside and in the elevator i told him what i read . i that the absence of any natural or wild typically there s a predator around . with his apartment complex close to some dark i ' t very calm . i also told him how i felt that we were being watched from something in the . babe your are probably just shot he me close to him trying to calm me down . i promise you re safe here . it s gone . i promise he off . that night i that the creature had us . i saw from its point of view as it our car towards s apartment . i saw as it watched us get out from the car and head inside . and i saw as it into bed behind me holding me in place . don t move it it ' s hot breath on my ear . i woke up in a cold sweat . was sound asleep beside me looking peaceful as ever . i went to the kitchen and got myself a glass of water . i put on my warm fuzzy housecoat overtop of my and stood outside on the balcony . some fresh air would do me good i thought to myself . it was three twenty in the morning and there i was on the balcony of the seventh floor a cigarette . i to quit ever since i had taken ownership of my but on that balcony i felt as though i had so desperately one . feeling ashamed of myself for even considering one i threw the only cigarette i had off the balcony . i to get a hold of myself before i returned home i t let see me like this . would scold me if he were here i thought . off my face i around the tree line . i was just starting to regain my composure when i something out of place . in the tree line was the deer skull . the horrid creature s body was undoubtedly attached to it . it just at me . i whirled around and nearly dove inside s apartment . i the balcony glass door shut and locked it . as i headed to make sure the front door was locked me forcing a scream out of me . what s the matter ? ? ! me by my arms . i t stop . all that i could get out was its following me in between the . he me in a close hug until i was calm enough to explain my nightmare and about the creature i saw mere ago . stay here he said as he headed towards the balcony and took a look outside . i watched as he unlocked the door and stepped onto the balcony . a chill went down my spine but not because of the night air flowing into the apartment . just stood there staring at one spot . after a long pause he slowly backed into the apartment not taking his off the creature outside . i knew he saw it . i knew he me . i could see it in his face . his wide with fear his mouth only slightly ajar . without looking at me he said the parking lot is in the back of the complex . get your . we can t stay here . are you crazy ? ! that thing is outside ! it s following me ! i nearly panic setting in . i felt as though i was going to vomit . that thing it told me was in terror . i don t know how but it told me that it was going to come inside . i streaming down my face . we have to go he . i his hand and he his and we rushed out the front door . we ran to the elevator and rapidly hit the down button . i decided that taking the was faster and through the door towards the following right behind me . reaching the i to the bottom before descending the . about halfway down the first flight i heavy tapping coming from the bottom . i over the banister and saw the undead deer creature making its way up the . nearly into me as i spun around and up the crying and screaming . he my lead without question as i headed towards the elevator just beginning to open . we both cramped ourselves into the elevator and rapidly the ground floor button . just as the double slowly closed we saw the doorway open and the animal s snout making its way towards us . we each other verbally praying and me most of my past life s . ground floor and parking the elevator us to make our hasty escape . we ran like our on it because in those long they did . on our way to s car i slipped and fell into the snow . who was ahead of me turned around and prepared to help me up . no go ! start the car ! go ! i frantically as i slowly made my way to my . he spun around and ran towards the car again . i took one step forward and fell to my pain through my ankle . i loudly in pain my teeth . i to get to my and half limp half jog to the car . just as i closed the passenger door the front of the apartment complex were violently torn from their . the creature nothing back as it on all towards the car . on ! the car into drive and it . normally the road would have anxiety in me but right now i felt as though t driving fast enough . i kept my glued to the rear view mirror watching the creature gallop towards us its skinny form seemingly moving in unnatural with each step . are you alright ? of deep concern his trained on the road ahead . i think that i broke my ankle i to get out in between . he cursed under his breath . i don t think we can get you to a hospital with that thing on our thought out loud . did you bring your phone ? i him . i m going to call the police no i left mine at the apartment said plainly . i quietly as i too had left my phone in the rush . we are going to die tonight t we ? i said out loud not wanting an answer . no babe don t say that ! are going to be fine we make it out of this will we ? ! will we actually ? ! i at him . streaming down his face too . he was just like me and yet he was trying to protect me and keep me calm . i an apology in between but cut me off . it s gone he the car to a stop and all around . where did it go ? it s gone where did it go ? i too to look around unease settling in . i m not sure what was more horrific seeing the creature pursue us or not being able to see it but feel that it was still there . we sat there in the car for a long while just looking around desperately . in the distance down the road i . i pointed them out to and he his high off and on . the car over to the side of the road and got out to talk to the driver . i bit my lip not enjoying the idea of getting out of the car . please call the police we need an ambulance too i talk to the driver . just as made his way back to the car the creature came out of the darkness and took him in it s grasp . it so quickly . he was just gone only a few of blood on the ground to prove that he was even there . the man in his car across the road and sped off . i sat there and no doubt in shock . the monster into my passenger side door head first breaking me from my trance . it broke through the window and it s face towards me . i against my and repeatedly it in it s hollow skull . it caught my leg in it s mouth and it s down hard . i from the pain blood around my wounds . i the horrific sound of my leg being bitten through as the beast through bone . all i could do was scream . biting down on my other leg it me through the window . i for my life but it was no use . with ease it had flung me face first into a nearby tree and everything went black instantly . my entire body seared with pain as blurry of men and in police and rescue loaded me onto a bed and into an ambulance . i was drifting in and out of consciousness . when i had finally come to full consciousness i was in a hospital bed and hooked up to countless of machinery . i had a feeding tube and an oxygen tube in me my arm had an in it heartbeat attached to my chest . the nurse reading my file when she saw me awake and rushed out of the room . the pa system several to where i assumed i was . within the were the feeding tube and oxygen tube as i had no longer them . we you to be in a coma for at least another month one of the to me after the were removed . another month ? i before clearing my throat . it still felt as though i had those plastic down my throat . you were out for six . you were in a very brutal car accident . while waiting for the emergency to arrive you were by an animal . it was a very horrible scene . i blankly at him . don t you remember ? he cocked his head to the side and gave me a quizzical look . its it ' s i corrected him . and no i don ' t i lied . i there for the horrible nightmare that to me nearly two ago . my whole body and with pain . i could hardly move . i thought about for the time . i assumed he had to be dead but he had shown up later that night . i came as soon as i that you were awake he told me as he over and my forehead . after the creature had me it went for you . i watched as it threw you against the tree . i tried to pull it off you but it threw me away . it told me that it you . it told me that you saw something that you t supposed to see . . by the time the police and up the creature had already left . i never saw it leave it was just somehow gone . i rode with you in the back the it as a bear attack . they t believe my story . went on to say that he was into the hospital for a day with only flesh wounds and . he said that he and my and me nearly every day or so . my came ? i . he giving me a half smile . in fact they gave me a call on my way here . they re headed up with your . they said that they try to get here before breakfast . when they got the call that you were awake they pretty much what they were doing and hopped in the car . i up and . what did you tell them about what ? the police told them what they thought . i went with it because i want them to like me . i . then i to sit up . rushed over to give help and sit me up . i down to scratch my leg but i t quite find the spot . hey can you help me ? i got an itch and i can t reach it i m too sore to be reaching down . i at and he back at me . sure babe where abouts ? my left leg just below the kneecap . went pale suddenly . what s wrong ? i removed the as a wave of adrenaline washed over me . both of my were gone from just above the . i was still coping with my new handicap when my younger by my rushed into the room and nearly the wind out of me in a big hug each . i m ! i m alright ! i a little out loud from pure happiness . they said you might not wake up as he me close . they they were talking to and dad about to pull the plug on you . said grimly . awe t always right ! look ! i m fine ! then i to my both of them clearly holding back . we love you so much . don t you ever go thinking otherwise . my s voice on the verge of breaking . come back and live with us ? you be needing someone to look after you . my father in . i have i . we back in with and dad . said giving me a warm smile . i over to who gave me a you should listen to them look with a smile to top it off . i come back home when they let me out of here i t finish . i cried of happiness . my me . my me in a hug each and my dad stepped out of the room to talk to one of the . how was the drive up ? i my a tear from my face . oh not too bad the first few there was a little snow but once we through area it t too bad . oh nice i off . oh ! oh ! ! grew excited . i saw something really cool on the drive up ! oh that s right ! go on tell your sister my . it was a bear looking creature but it was wearing this animal skull ! i think it was a deer s skull ! and the bear real skinny and tall ! t that something ? my at me . i just to . i knew i was probably as pale as he was in that moment . i t see anything . stated matter of . i him . yeah it was freaky it . i saw it too i don t think your father saw it my mother s voice grew distant as i at . are you ? you don t look so good someone me but i t sure who . maybe you all should go home early i bring back down when she s out of the hospital . said . you all have to get back to . oh ! that s so sweet of you but we pass ! we got a hotel room nearby and we took the off school . my said in her fake cheery voice . i stated in the most serious tone i could muster up . listen to me very carefully . you have seen something that you t meant to see . that thing it ' s on it s way right now i up . it s coming to find you and little i really hate the . i always have the stress of making it perfect for my family is to much . i hate on a happy face and being all " jolly ' . it ' s just become a tradition to hate this time of year . my daughter ivy is old just first grade . last year my wife broke up with me so it ' s just me and ivy my miracle . is big where i live . so it ' s big in our as well . yesterday ivy told me about a stuffed toy her " the elf on the shelf " . then for the next few days she to beg for one over and over again . then i did something i deeply regret . i i ' m not sure what . all the anger piled up inside me at once and i took it out on her . she went to her room crying that night . i felt terrible . the next morning she woke me up me . telling me i ' m the best dad ever . it felt nice to hear this but of course i had to ask why . then she me an elf . a green hideous one . i her where she got it and she said " i last night and at the end of my bed ! " " ? " i said with confusion . " he told me so ! " i to get her ready for school and threw out that hideous elf . god only where she got that thing from . this morning i woke up to the sound of glass shattering . my mother ' s urn had fell into a million and nothing there could have it . then i it . sickening . i blinked for a second only to see an elf in the corner of our house on a shelf . . i for ivy and to lecture her not to sneak around at night and break without telling me . " but did it he told me he was ! " she said with a stutter . " enough of that damn elf if you keep this up is put you on his naughty list . " i said in an tone . later that day we set up the milk and for . my daughter was still angry and kept on blaming everything on the elf . when it was her bedtime i her in and said . after watching for a while i decided to set up everything for the following morning . put under the tree filled the and now all i to do was eat the . i baked red and green fresh and decided to eat a few . after drinking the glass of milk i picked the best looking . a glazed blue one . it had an off taste but i it for the time being . i to feel . my head to spin and my stomach was making . thinking i was just hungry i went down for another . i how all the had white powder on them every single blue one . blue . blue . blue . these ' t my . these were sprinkled with rat poison . i rushed to the sink to stick my hand down my throat . there i saw it . i saw him . the elf at me and it ' s plastic face cracked as a wide evil grin across it ' s face . i threw up all over the sink and hit me head on the granite top blacking out . the next morning i woke up feeling terrible and went on a hunt for that elf . ivy was gone . my only daughter . the only trace of my legacy was gone . nothing but a note was left behind reading " i ' m sorry daddy . told me he had a home for me in the north pole ! i will see you next ! " there was blood on that note . my daughter is gone thanks to the elf . a god damn elf . i am a r . you may have seen me here or there in or maybe at me in a i usually reply as myself . i been a for about a year now and i can honestly say i have every minute of it . the opportunity to read a good portion of what you all write to feed off that creativity it me grow as a person and as a writer . the small and adorably quirky multinational crew that the and on r quickly become my happy place . those lovable are my safe harbor when the storm of life to swamp me . i guess i should say were . they were my safe place . now as i think of those people my i am with confusion and . i want to leave . i want to quit . change my name . move to . something . anything . but as much as i think i want to quit inside i know i can t . i get nauseous at the thought . like something deep in my core is tied here . i read the recent post by u . i a few of my fellow outside of official to discuss our collective . after those instead of being i am even more disturbed . i don t know who to trust as i can t even trust my own . i remember filling out the application . i was elated when i got a message from u cmd inviting me to join . i remember getting some welcome information and getting right to work . somehow i just knew what to do . i don t remember any training . it was almost like muscle memory . i just knew automatically how to navigate the and that allow the moderation of the voluminous daily the r sub . i it up to the sub for the better part of a decade . but now i know . after my fellow u found something on her computer similar to the file u posted i up my to do my own search . i sat there staring at the explorer window for what like a very very long time . did i want to know ? if i down this road where would it end ? eventually i decided that i to know . i t just go back to my happy blissful ignorance . the proverbial can of had been . it was time to dig . so i to search . scanning the file tree turned up nothing . so i in into the search . no fear turned up one folder deep into the hidden of the program . my mouse pointer over it for a while an internal debate ongoing . but i knew i had to . the folder was full of of different and sizes . of hand written . blurred and hazy . . all of them had one thing in common the file . they all were indoctrination by different number . i through every single one of them . i spent the entirety of last night a narrative of . combining all the different into a cohesive thread that out what i think may have to me . xb scan of a note obviously my handwriting . i have no memory of writing it . sometimes the writing to lose focus and run off on so i ' out those . i don t have a clue what s going on . but i m writing this all down in an effort to both keep a record and keep my mind on something . i was taken . i m not sure how long ago . could be an hour could be a week . i don t know why . i was at home on my computer working on another story that i probably just delete when i shuffling behind me . before i could turn around a bag was over my head and i was being carried by more than i could count . i tried to thrash and fight but the hold was unbreakable . the felt odd . the unnaturally long as they could wrap around my arms and completely . the skin was cold enough that i could feel it through my clothes . i was briskly out and then thrown into some sort of transport . were there . seven of us in total . i could hear the and but could see nothing . i had bile in my throat and my heart was pounding . i felt a fear i d not known before . we at a warehouse of and were put into a holding cell or room of some sort . it what i had always pictured a would be like . the room was lit and i finally got a view of the . all of them . i with a couple on what we thought may be going on . none of us had any clue . i think they us at some point . i remember someone walking in . they had a kind smile but there was a malevolence to their . their smile should have me but it made me more afraid . they that all of us had applied to be on r and then something about a hat . they . it t make sense . then i woke up in a room with nothing but and a bed . no memory of the in between . the room is small with a tall ceiling and covering all the . i tried yelling and pounding on the door but got no response . they let me keep my phone but there is no service on it . i keep opening it and looking like something is going to change but inside i know it won t . i seen no one since waking up . but i hear something . it s there faintly in the background . it like chanting . but when i focus on it and try to understand it i get a splitting headache . it like maybe . but whatever it is it to just be the same phrase over and over . different . but always the same chant . i can t believe that this is somehow related to r . maybe it is the . they think i m a terrorist and this is all a psychological ploy to get me to crack . i don t know . i m and i just want to go home . xb date unknown document on phone time is meaningless here . i don t have a clock . my phone shown that only a few have but i know . . . i know . . . it s been days maybe even . they won t let me sleep . if i doze off something me and i startle awake again . at first i thought it was the bed . maybe something in the mattress that they can push a button and give me a jolt . so i tried laying on the floor . as soon as my closed i felt it again . like it came from the air around me or even worse from somewhere inside me . ever . i m so tired . xb date unknown scan of a note . the handwriting is mine but . i m cold . it s cold . the room . i m . inside . i can feel it . the room is bigger now . i walk for and don t hit a wall . then turn around and my bed is right behind me . they see inside me . they know what i fear . everything that me is here . it comes from the of the room . all of my . my . charge me from the darkness until i scream and fall into a heap at their . my open to nothing . just the air . sometimes . i don t sleep . no sleep . ever . they won t let me . the chanting is always there . never . like static . so tired . xb date unknown scan of a note . i still believe the handwriting is mine but it is oddly neat and uniform . i m numb . there is no fear . there is nothing . today there was a clown in my room . it was my face in the clown . i a jagged toothed evil clown smile and . a nightmare from my childhood . how could they know ? i did not react as i felt nothing . i feel different inside . i sometimes chant with the in my room . they make me read . . some are scary some are not . i read a story about a man who after . i at it and they me . i must learn . learn the . know them . breathe them . i must apply them with impartiality . if i don t she will be unhappy . i must keep the m a s t e r happy . xb date unknown screen cap of an that was but never sent they make me read different now . . that are at me . that insult me and what i do for the m a s t e r . call me . wish terrible upon me or my family . tell me i am bad . when i i was upset i was . i must be calm . i must be clear . the m a s t e r neutrality . i must show her i can be what she needs . xb document . no real proof it is me who but based on everything else i believe it was me i have . they say i have shown aptitude . that i have the potential for greatness . i have been trained . i have been prepared . i where . they said the m a s t e r is with me . that i can continue to serve . they say now i will return to my life . i will become normal again . my will fade and all will be as it was . i did not want this . i do not want to forget what i am . how i serve her . i her anger by voicing this . i was told that in doing so i can serve the m a s t e r more fully . i will with impartiality . i will show no fear . there will be no sleep . as it always been it shall remain . xb h i c o m n e v e r u m e t i a m s i s u u s n o n a few ago i this dark almost slash like scab on my arm right after i woke up . probably just a spider bite or something . i also to notice weird going on in my apartment . just slight like the temperature being much lower than i remember leaving it on when i leave my flat even though it s still set to . nothing too strange but no one can enter my room without my key . i also my are slowly getting and . i just those off as but it s starting to get really freaky . it to me that reality and my are starting to merge into the same space . it first with me hearing that ' t there . like this slow voice that would urge me to alter my . i ' d be walking across the street during rush hour and the voice would whisper to me to stop and take in my surroundings . at first i would be able to disobey the urge and continue on my merry way with whatever i was dealing with . it ' d tell me to get water instead of soda and so i to think this was just my subconscious speaking in an audible fashion . it was somewhat worrying but i to find relief in the voice as it felt like there was someone with me at all times that i was no longer alone someone and that someone was me . i do indeed have my but they re not my so our stay strictly surface level . the voice would only come out at specific in my day so it ' t always speaking to me . the frequency of these slowly to rise over the past few and now i almost hear the voice constantly . i ' now a peak where the voice is always talking to me . no longer even about . now it just to me about everything . its as if there is now another voice inside my head that reality in its own way and it those onto me . while you might say " well why do you just not listen to the voice ? " thats my issue . the voice like my own now . its like someone is plugged into my head feeding in without regard for how i feel about the situation . its now gotten to a point to where i will try and speak with the voice and it will indeed answer back . i probably look like a loon now because i will speak to it out loud and it will speak to me from within my consciousness . i ' the voice what its name is and it ' t understand what i mean . so i went ahead and calling him " " . he will answer my if i utter his name and he to speak to me whenever i am awake . i thought in time the voice would slowly dissipate as it once . yet it stays and its gotten and . as of now can now present himself in . its not that he is suddenly there instead he will take presence in whatever shadow is perceivable at that very moment . his mouth in my coffee . his face in . this is everywhere . while he is nice it still me to the bone to think that he inescapable . he is everywhere that i am . he . the reason i am writing this today is that i need to warn as many people as i can . i t be able to forgive myself if i t at least try . i can feel it the more powerful he the more powerless i feel . i won t be able to stop him but maybe i can slow him down . my name is mike . i am and the thing that to me the of physics . i have tried to rationalize to tell myself i was just going crazy but i cannot bury my head in the sand forever . let me tell you how it all . when i was in elementary school i had a group of with whom i spent all my time . we were all close except maybe for . we him but he was annoying . the only thing he would talk about was that old cartoon that his mother brought him from a garage sale . we to him the first few times and rapidly got after that . the cartoon weird . and to be honest we were more interested in and marbles . a few into his obsession for the cartoon came to school looking extremely pale . we him if he was sick but he just sat there in silence with a weird grin on his face looking around the room his wide open . the class and we were all on some calculus when to whistle . the teacher him to stop immediately but he just t stop . after a few the teacher lost patience and hand to take him to the principal s office . of course the classroom filled with laughter and chatter as soon as the teacher left with him . but i was genuinely for my friend and i kept staring at his desk . that s when i it . on his chair there was a tape . i stood up and went to grab it i was very curious . the tape in good condition and on the side i read the . i bet it was that cartoon that he kept talking about . i only a vague description of it . it was about a character with a large balloon head and a top hat who went about his day whistling and holding an axe . like i said nothing to be excited about . but i don t know why i knew i had to look at it . i knew it would explain my friend s behavior . i put the tape in my bag . when the teacher came back she that t feeling right and that his came to pick him up . i spent the whole day waiting to go home and watch the cartoon . after school got out i quickly said to my and rode my bike so fast that it took me half the time it usually did to get home . i said hello to my and ran upstairs to my room . i took the tape out of my bag and at it . i t notice that the title was written in an irregular fashion . i was going to put the tape in the when i calling me from downstairs . she in distress . i threw the tape into my old toy box and ran to her . and dad were standing in the living room their were filled with . her voice was shaking but to speak . mike it s . he had an accident . he s i m sorry . he s dead . i fell into her arms and cried like i had never cried before . it was the first time i had lost someone and i t handle it well . i school for two after that i was depressed to the point where my had to take me to a psychologist . after a year of therapy i finally was able to grieve . i still thought about it of course but the pain t so unbearable . fast forward to a few ago i was going through old stuff when i found an old picture of me and my . was there smiling happily like the rest of us . the came back to my mind and i decided to finally check how he . my and the school always kept it a big secret and we were forbidden to talk about it . i did my own investigation and what i found was worse than i ever . according to the local was found dead in his room he was hanging from a rope that he tied to the top of his bunk bed . but that was not even the most disturbing part . it was written that his were wide open and that he had a terrifying wide grin on his face . i decided to leave it all alone . that was too disturbing and i t want to spend another year going through therapy . time went by and i kept pushing the memory away . it was getting easier and easier as i had lost all contact with my childhood and my had from our little town . i now lived with my and a few days ago we decided to have a garage sale . while going through the cellar i found a box with all my childhood stuff . i t even remember when i brought all of that to my house . it was full of my action man . but what caught my attention was an old tape . it was at the bottom of the box . strangely the tape in a good condition as if the going by t affect it . it was also the only thing in the box that t have dust on it . what went through my mind gave me the . i could see of hanging from the cord swinging left and right as he deep into my smiling . and all of a sudden his face and he to whistle . the sick noise was coupled with the sound of the rope against the wooden bunk bed . i shook my head to clear those terrible from my mind . it had been since i thought about the tape . my therapist did such a good job that it was as if he never . but now i to see it and finally lift the mystery from it . i knew i had a somewhere . so i for it for a good hour and finally found it . i my calling me for dinner and i left all my on the floor . i was going to wait until she fell asleep to go back and watch the cartoon . i t want her to be disturbed by the story . the moment finally came and i took the and the tape down to the living room and plugged everything in . i have to admit that i was that the old was still working . i put the tape in and the familiar noise on the tape entering the gave me . weirdly the tape t start right away and stayed a few on a black screen . then suddenly it . it was an old cartoon from the s . i could hear a metallic sound coupled with music it like typical music from this era . the cartoon was in black and white and had a yellowish tint to it . the first scene was set in what to be an old garage or a shack filled with . there was a character standing with his back to me . he was holding a hammer and tapping on something . it like he was building something . he more and while doing so he kept whistling the same melody . i was getting more and more uncomfortable . that sound me . i knew i had it somewhere . the character turned slowly and what he was building finally came into sight . it was a hatchet that he was waving with pride . the character was strange ! he had a huge balloon looking head . he was wearing a tie tied so tight that anyone else would have from . his were really dark and his top hat was tiny . it was him . the . he to walk toward the house in a typical s animation style his sparkling with excitation . in the garden there was a tree that way too big for him to go by . a little bubble at the top of his head and inside you could see the tree a hatchet a pile of wooden . i finally understood that he was making the hatchet to cut down the large tree . for a second i myself how it was possible to build a hatchet with the few i saw him use but hey it was a cartoon after all . the to whistle once more and to juggle with the hatchet making it fly in the air and it before it touched the ground . he did that a few times before the hatchet flew one last time and got stuck in one of the tree . the sad and to jump in the hope of the hatchet back . but it t work . and then suddenly a light bulb above his head . he visibly had an idea . he the base of the tree and to shake it so the hatchet would fall . surprisingly it worked . the hatchet fell and got stuck in the s head . the music stopped the moment the hatchet struck his head and a very realistic bone breaking sound could be . the was expressionless . his were completely empty . the scene was particularly disturbing and unexpected . i was just waiting for him to pull it out as if nothing . it was a cartoon after all and the never get hurt for real . but instead a stream of blood from the top of his skull where the hatchet was . i was shaking with fear . it all so unbelievable . the character was still not moving only gazing into the blue . the blood quickly covered his whole face . then he to smile . the large grin on his face made him even more terrifying than he was already . after a few he finally . he the hatchet with his hand and it out . the sound it made was horrible . the music again as soon as the hatchet was out . but the music was different . it was dark and scary . the t seem to care about the tree and was staring at the hatchet he was holding . the hatchet was covered in blood . the more he at it the his grin . he to walk and more blood to pour from the top of his head . his smile and his were terrifying . a little whirlwind had in his and was whirling faster and faster . and the blood on his teeth made it nearly unbearable to look at . again he to whistle the same melody . not far from him i could now see another character . he a little off . he came toward the smiling . the just the hand with the hatchet above his head and struck the other character on the shoulder . the other character to scream in a macabre way . but the t flinch and continue to strike his body again and again until only a pile of flesh and bone was left . he left the other character on the floor and to walk again . another character a woman this time came across the and as soon as she saw the pile of flesh she to run in the other direction . the t try to chase after her . he simply threw his hatchet with all his strength and it struck the lady in the back . she fell screaming for someone to help . but it was in vain . the his hatchet back and then struck the lady multiple times just as he did the previous character . the went on for killing everyone he came across . when he was not whistling that disturbing grin was on his face . he completely deranged . and then he suddenly stopped . all i could see was his back . he was completely still . slowly he to turn his head toward the screen and with every inch a terrible bone cracking sound could be as if he was breaking his neck in the process . little by little his face more visible . it was as if he was staring right through me the little in his turning at incredible speed . he was smiling at me too . then he put his finger on his still looking straight at me and said hush h h h h h h . after that everything went black . no more sound no more . the video was over . the tape came out of the by itself . i just sat there for long . i t know what to do . i was petrified and in total disbelief . what just ? it felt like the could see me behind the screen and that what he just gave me was a warning . i t think straight . but i was tired so i took the tape and hide it in the cupboard that was nearby . then i lay on the couch and fell asleep instantly . during my short sleep i had weird . i could see him the watching me sleep . in the nightmare i t move . it was like sleep paralysis . his body was over me his head above mine the same grin he had in the video still on his face . his hatchet was also back in his skull and of blood were falling on me . he was so close i could see my reflection in his . he then the handle of the hatchet and to take it out very slowly . the sound it made gave me but i still t move . i was now covered in his blood . then when he finally took it out he it above his head . and at the moment i should have received the fatal stroke he and put his finger on his and said sh h h h h h h h h h h . i woke up panting and sweating and my heart in my chest . i sat down on the couch wondering if all of it was true . but there was no blood around me . no . i was alone and it was still dark outside . i checked my watch and it was only am . i at the and i the tape in the cupboard . i it and went upstairs and threw it in the attic . i never been back up there since . in the days following that incident everything got worse and worse . i had vivid that gave me nausea and vertigo . at least i like to think it was only . i could see the everywhere while i was watching . but he only in . the first time i saw him it was in an episode of the . he was in the opening waiting in front of the family house holding his hatchet ready to strike homer as he got out of the car . i blinked for one second and he t there . the next time was during a family guy episode again during the opening . he was at the top of the where the family . he was also dancing the hatchet buried in his head . he stayed visible for longer than before . and worse he was still staring right at me . every time he a little closer . after a while i resigned myself to not watch because he was indeed getting closer and closer and now all i could see was his whirlwind looking through my soul . i was to show the video to other people just to verify that i was not going completely crazy . t that what was trying to do ? but i don t know i had the feeling i t . i to ask myself . why did bring the tape to school ? why was he talking about it so much ? was he trying to infect us with the too ? and if it was the case why would he do that ? the days kept getting worse and worse . now when i was going for a walk in broad daylight i could hear his whistle behind me . my nights were filled with gruesome . and when i woke up i would hear him hushing me from under the bed . i never to try and look under i just knew he was there waiting for me . i went to try to find information on him but i t find anything . i was that result . it was like apart from and i nobody had of him . i was at a loss i just accepted my situation . i just felt that talking about it would make it worse so i decided to bear all of it by myself . one night i was getting back from work in my car i a quiet whistling sound coming from the back seat . i t dare to look in the rear view mirror immediately . but after a few curiosity won over my fear . i checked but there was nothing . nothing on the back seat . he was on the passenger seat ! i on the as he for me with his . and i left the car as he his mouth and let out a deafening scream . i fell backward in the middle of the street and i saw the passenger door open . he was whistling . he slowly and came my way happily whistling the hatchet visible in his hand . the of my car shone on his face the same terrifying face i had seen so many times . then he stopped . i myself backwards the surface of the road catching my clothes and his throat to make the same sound as in the cartoon . his scary into mine . his mouth was deformed in a horrible grin and his body was still . actually we were both still . after several that like an eternity his head to inflate more and more until it an inordinate size going way above the top of the car . it like of being inflated at the same time . under the pressure his out of their . the wound on his head never that much blood . it was squirting everywhere . the were covered in it giving a gloomy reddish light and because of that the scene was even more disturbing . without warning he ran towards me with impressive speed . just before his body touched mine his head exploded in a deafening roar . i felt of his skull touching my face and body . i panicked got up and to the car . i was so that i could not get hold of the still on the ignition to start the engine . i to leave as soon as possible . i had blood in my i could barely see what was happening in front of me . i was finally able to find the and turned them quickly to start the car . just before pressing the accelerator i could see the still standing axe in hand . his head was slowly again . but before he could do anything else i sped off crushing the accelerator pedal and drove as fast as possible to my house . the blood had completely . it was as if none of it had . i could not sleep that night because he was there again . i could hear him whistling outside in the garden . i did not tell you much about my but you have to know that i did not tell her anything . she found my behavior very strange that week even though i tried to hide my as much as possible . sleeping on the couch did not help . i was afraid to tell her about it because she never him whistling . she t see it when he in the . i was afraid that if i told her about it she too would end up seeing him and be tortured by his presence . i it again and saw it a few times after that . but that ' s not even the worst of it . the worst is what i am becoming little by little . just like him i whistle without even realizing it . i hear him more and more often nearly every day . sometimes i see him staring out the window when i go home on the road or when i take a shower . i know i am . but what i ' m sure of is that i t share this tape . that ' s why one morning i went up to the attic to get it and destroy it . but it was no longer there . i was sure that i threw it there . i immediately my to see if she had seen it on the pretext that it was a video of me as a child that i had found while cleaning the attic but nothing came of it . she assured me that she had not touched it . i knew why it . i knew the was keeping it with him . he had given it to because he was on the verge of death and the fact that he it would have been beneficial to the . but before anyone could watch the video he himself . it was too late . but the is now at my place . this monster had . and he that i would never ever share this video with . i suppose it only the inevitable like in the movie the circle but i would still prefer to die first than to do that to . here i am today a smile frozen on my face that i cannot remove . the of my are sore but i had to tell you all of that before i left . i wrote a farewell letter to my family my without the once . i do not want them to start looking for this tape . this post that i write a purpose . it is necessary that a maximum number of people outside of my peer group are . the tape but i ' m sure the it off somewhere else . if one day you see a tape " ' s day " do not touch it even if you want to try to destroy it . and under no should you try to watch it otherwise the will be chasing you . as i write this i feel his breath on my neck . i know he ' s behind me . my keep in a horrible grin . i know why the was me to shut up now telling me to sh h h h h h . on the one hand it him to torture me as he . but on the other if i had about it he would have all over again with someone else . but he ' have to wait a long time now because when i tie the rope that is next to me around my neck he won t be able to act for a long time . once more i beg you if you find this never ever watch it . because the can be everywhere . this tape can fall into anyone s . i was able to hold it for a while but it will eventually come out of the again . and if that is the case if you find on it it will catch you too . and you will live forever in the nightmare of this cursed cartoon . so it with me through . mostly boring stuff but believe it or not i stopped at one an empty mostly dark room . " strange " i said . " literally nothing is happening . " i was about to scroll past it then someone came to sit down in rocking chair . before he did so i ' t see his face . once he did i he ' t have a face except for a pair of dark beady in a sea of smooth feature less skin . " whoa . . . neat trick ! " i out . the man with no face continued to stare at me . i was pretty engrossed in what was happening . i which special effects company was responsible for this . then the outline of a mouth to grow right above the chin . it like something you ' d carve out of a pumpkin . " my name is . would you like to know my job ? " i ' t say anything . i thought the video was a prank at first . " my name is . would you like to know my job ? " " y yes " i . got up and brought in someone else who also ' t have a face because he had a bag over it . he took a machete and brought it to the man ' s throat and the sharp blade there for the time . later the man was . i and my tablet at the foot of the bed . it slid off the edge and to the floor . eventually i to where it fell off and picked it up heart going a mile a minute . i was . ' t have the pumpkin face . instead he had another man ' s face . " i am death and death becomes you . " it took me several to realize he had the face of the man who had . i the tablet away again . later on that day i was so that i . i had done so several times before only to re install it a few after . days went by . honestly i thought everything would go back to normal . i ' t even go near my tablet and made sure to delete the from my phone too i really doing this . i love but if you saw what i saw you would ' done the same thing . so about a month after the video i to forget about it . not peer around every corner . i was sitting with my in the park and she especially radiant that day . the whole day put me in a good mood . we were actually lucky to have the whole park to ourselves . " wow this is great . we have the whole damn park to ourselves . how great is that ? ! " i said my arm around her . she at me and i away . but when i back only had beady and a jack o " lantern ' s smile for a mouth . " i am death " it said " and i can ' t be . " i ran from the park screaming . the were loud and clear to me and i tried calling getting a hold of her other our really . none of them had seen her since yesterday . just like that my life had fallen apart . i kept searching for in the coming days but there ' t any sign of her . about a week after that i was at my friend ' s place . his had gone away for a couple of days and we were just sitting there enjoying the from the liquor cabinet he more than me i was just it to drown the trauma . his would kill us if they found out . i can ' t remember exactly what i was talking about but i ' s response loud and clear . " i am death and i can ' t be . " the same beady at me . after that i went out of my way to avoid but i ' m afraid my life is becoming an ever circle of death itself . i on the . the car was right in front of me again . the silver with the large dark eyed woman staring at me through the rear window who me of an overweight guy as . the androgynous woman as i ' d begun to call her to my . " look at this ! " i said . " i told you ! " squinted into the . he at me just as the androgynous woman away . " that more like a man to me " he said . " anyway are you sure it ' s not all in your head ? " " for now ! " i said . " every single time . pretty much since my interview . " awkwardly . " i mean he like a man . he ' s probably a man kyle . how can you not tell the difference between a man and a woman ? it ' s pretty obvious . " i shook my head . he was one to talk . had long black hair and was large enough on his own . he also only had one arm and one leg . this was only noticeable when we ' t driving because his missing were on his right by his body when in the passenger seat . " that ' s not funny . can you please take this seriously ? " i . " like i ' m losing my mind . " . " it is weird that he " " or she " " is just staring at us . " " directly at me . " i returned the androgynous woman ' s dark unblinking gaze . though the tint of the window i could guess that she was pale skinned with long dark hair short fat and small beady . i once to see if her head would follow . it did which confirmed she ' t just a strange bumper sticker . " she ' s always there " i said voice low paranoid that she could hear me . " all the time . " this was my morning drive to work . dragging reluctant to nine to fives . mine was at the factory i worked with human or . traffic was constantly bumper to bumper but the always found room to follow . i into the right hand turning lane screeching as i . but as if i the silver at the exact time i it too . . " just drive straight ! what are you doing ? ! " " it ' drive straight too " i said . " i ' tried that . " the turned right then so did i . " i ' even tried to juke it once fake right merge left . it my exactly . like if there ' s no room for it to merge . . . " i stopped and shook my head . " i mean there ' s honestly never no room it room . " a bit calmer now . " well why don ' t we just keep driving ? " " what do you mean ? " " if that car you from the front like you said we can prove it by just to drive right ? " " we have work . " " i ' t mean today " he said . " let ' s do it tomorrow . you down ? we both have the day off it ' be a road trip . an adventure . " this was certainly interesting . on one hand i to get to the bottom of this . it was disconcerting improbable and the androgynous woman and her unwavering gaze was something else entirely . i to understand why this was happening and it ' d be nice to have a friend with me . but on the other hand my day off a day to finally stay home and relax could honestly not come soon enough . the silver drove off as we the parking lot . i told i ' d let him know by the end of the day . we had another human audit so i had a lot of time to daydream about how tomorrow would proceed as the between the factory and scratching on . the day quickly . one moment i was eating lunch then i blinked and it was time to go home . i blood on my shirt again as i stood by my car after work waiting for in the parking lot . another day with an unnoticed shaving accident . the silver been causing me to lose sleep at this rate i was going to have to find multiple dry to divvy up my blood . when he saw me his were always pristine . he brushed his dark hair out of his . his nose curved upward and the outer of his small heavy downward which gave him a sympathetic look . " so i out to a few if they to join us " he said . " they ' re in . we have a strong crew for tomorrow . i ' ride with them to your place and we ' go from there . that work ? " i . " yeah good . " it was dark out and the gray factory as we spoke . people from the building exhausted . i around for the androgynous woman or the silver . i saw neither until i out of the parking lot . my apartment was pretty close to the factory about a ten minute drive . and for the entire duration of the drive the fat androgynous woman at me unblinking . her head was at such an angle to create a large lump of upper back fat that at me from around her ear . the silver drove off as i turned into my apartment complex . i and the building feeling the weight of the day pull every step . too tired to even eat dinner as soon as i my bedroom i stripped off my shirt and fell asleep . i awoke the following morning at the break of dawn . with two as i finished my shirt . i met them in the lobby . the taller of the two was . he was in his like us with tan skin and light . he was handsome taller than i was although just as skinny with a skin condition that gave him white on his face and arms . i ' seen the condition before although i can ' t remember what it ' s . he covered it on his arms with colorful . the second of the two was about our age as well . glasses short brown oily hair and striking green . he gave me a genuine smile as we shook . " this is quite a strange adventure you ' us into " he said . " i was honestly when you out as we don ' t know one another well . " " yeah " i said grinning back . " i know this is crazy but i really want to get to the bottom of it . " " luckily for you " he said tapping his head . " i have an open mind . " i that both he and had dark under their same as mine and ' s . . " i ' been weird happen to me too . i can ' t explain it " he stopped speaking . the inflection of his speech gave the impression that he was about to say " but " and continue but he did not . the four of us stood awkwardly balancing on one leg like a flamingo . picked up where left off . " i ' m just exhausted . i desperately this day off . if we ' t trying to get to the bottom of this i would have spent the day indoors sleeping and catching up on my . " " i hear ya " i said . " last night i out as soon as i got home . ' t stay awake long enough to eat dinner . " closed his as if trying to remember the night before . " same " he said . his fist into his other hand . " let ' s get this show on the road " he said grinning . " i ' m what you two are selling hopefully we can knock this mystery out by grab a few and watch the game at ' s . he enough couch space for us to be drunk and asleep by three . " i as i unlocked my car . " let ' s do this . " the four of us hopped in . sat in the back with and up front with me . we the and the air felt cool as we out of the complex . we ' d only been on the road for a few when the silver directly in front of us forcing me to brake . and forward . the androgynous woman right at me . i took a hand off the wheel to point . " there she is ! look ! " i at . his glazed over as if he were in a state of shock . i back at and . unimpressed . ' s were wide open . then snapped back to reality . " holy crap ! " he said as if a few had not just . " kyle you ' t lying . that could definitely be a fat man or a fat woman . " " probably a fat man " said . " at least that ' s what i think . " i . " i ' m not sure it could be either or . " " yeah " said with a pause . " that ' s what i said . i remember you said you ' t sure . " " and that car just you from the front ? " . he less amused by this than and . in fact he exactly how i felt . " yeah . i can ' t avoid it . if i turn it turns at the same time . i ' tried to juke it but it always and it ' s always in front of me . " " have you tried just driving randomly ? " . " yeah " i said . i my voice . " but it just . " . " i have an idea " he said . " why don ' t we just keep driving ? " i at . " what do you mean ? " " i mean let ' s just keep going " he said his tone now a conspiratorial whisper . " if that car is actually following you from the front we can prove it by just to drive . " i considered this for a moment then shook my head . " we have work i said . shook his head . " i ' t mean right now . wow it really is creepy how she just at us . . . " " i know right ? " " it ' s awful . listen we can do it tomorrow . i know and i have the day off what about you ? " i at and we both . " that works " i said . my day off ' t come soon enough but i really to get to the bottom of this . it felt like i ' t had a day off in . clapped his together . " perfect . we ' meet tomorrow at kyle ' s place and go from there . it ' be fun . " . " like an adventure ! " " like a road trip " i said . " i ' m in " said . " this is interesting . " i into the factory parking lot and the silver drove off . it had a smoke stack that the area was always in a cloudy haze . i and shook my head . sometimes it was hard just to push myself through the front . it ' s not like i the work either for the most part it was pretty mundane . " we need all on deck the next few days " said larry the department manager . i sat at the mahogany table in the meeting room with about fifteen other . the meeting room the factory . there was a tray of and on the table . i one of each . " kyle i ' m not calling you out right now because you ' re new so you ' never worked to the bone and i understand that . " larry said . " but we ' re going to need you to start trimming the fat on your work . ' s upcoming deal cost us an arm and a leg . " it was almost impossible to pay attention during these . we ' d been hearing about ' s deal for now . my department was fine i don ' t know what point he was trying to make by calling me out . what we were new the simple fact of the matter was that we were a few short . it was somehow already dark by the time i out of the office . i saw and waiting by my car . " you mind taking me home ? " said . " was going to be my ride again but it he left . " i and as i did i blood on my shirt . how many days in a row could i mess up shaving ? i really a day off i was physically and mentally exhausted . the three of us hopped in my car without a word . chipper as he was this morning was now completely quiet . he sat up front with me in the back . i drove out of the parking lot . a few later as usual the silver out in front of me . neither nor to it . we were just too tired . " we still on for tomorrow ? " . " yeah i ' m down " i said . in agreement . i the two of them off at ' s place . i waved at them as i drove off . the silver out in front of me and i studied the androgynous woman . why did she insist on staring at me so unwaveringly ? i at my apartment ' s car lot and . the silver departed and i into the building and dragged myself upstairs to my unit . my stomach cried out at me so i some near spoiled milk from the then stripped and into bed too tired to even shower . i had weird i can ' t remember them i just remember yelling at me then waking at the break of dawn feeling disturbed and disgusted . i the buttons of my shirt as the real he and were downstairs . " you can see the front door from your window ? " . " no " i said . i at the two of them . " where ' s ? " " i ' t reach him " said . he . " i he stayed late to lend a hand last night . maybe he decided to sleep in after the late night . " " i don ' t blame him " i said . " the weekend ' t come soon enough . if i ' t need to get to the bottom of this i would have probably just stayed in and slept all day . " " that perfect " . cut in . " yeah i agree " he said . i at and he back looking more and more like a painting . his were dark and his skin was and clammy . he exactly the way i felt . we hopped into my car and i drove out of the parking lot . cracked a few about the traffic but i barely . the mystery of the silver and the androgynous woman me . i barely had a moment to reflect on the when it out in front as usual . i on the . " there it is ! " i said . " unbelievable ! " " it really can ' t even be a coincidence at this point " said . " especially out by all of this yesterday . " " yeah well . . . welcome to the club " i said . shook his head . " i have an idea " he said . " why don ' t we just keep driving ? " and i spoke at the same time . " what do you mean ? " then at the same time again " jynx ! " i . get out of my head ! " i went silent abruptly we all did . and froze the car what i said . . . it like such a strange thing to say . the air around us and the space between us as if in shade but only for a moment . ran up my arms my hair stood on end my stomach . i could hear the pulse in my . then a whispering inside my head . " i want my back . . . i want my back . . . " " kyle . " far away . darkness . " kyle ! " snapped back . sunlight . " yeah ? sorry what ? " i said . " that was weird " said . " everything ? " he worried . " yeah for real " i said . " that was weird . " i shook my head . what was that ? " you free tomorrow ? why don ' t we out tomorrow and just keep driving to prove whether or not she ' s actually following us ? " i . something felt off . " yeah that good . " i blinked several times . the silver and the androgynous woman continued onward . she paler closer and perhaps a little . . . i back at he at me . " how about you ? " i said . he the question . " i kept telling you kyle . i told you a hundred times . he is not a woman . " i returned my gaze forward and the wheel with both . i could feel my heartbeat in my . at the then back at me . " kyle . . . who are you talking to ? who ' s ? " i ' t reply . i could feel ' s boring a hole into the back of my skull . shaking from fear and exhaustion i turned into the factory lot and my car . we do not go into the . some people say that on midsummer nights beneath the ethereal starlight you can still hear them giggling mellifluously the adolescence that was stolen from them by what can only be as evil itself an entity as opposed to the hideous of a single man . i have never myself found any comfort in the idea that the purloin of so many are wandering through oblivion still filled with innocent of ice cream and swing tranquil and by the touch of evil . the notion is saccharine of course but it is merely an sublime delusion that and in our diminutive town tell to the in their charge when they unavoidably ask why they are not to stray beyond the marked by the rustic that now barricade the shielding them from the beckoning grasp of the . in the thick fog of a forbidding autumn red and brown leaves the a far more macabre anecdote also across our town . they say that in the spring do not grow in the . they say the do not chirp as they flutter betwixt the . they say that you can hear the tortured . that the of so many are in the vice of an eternal despair forced to relive the sorrowful concluding of their as the oxygen was not only stolen from their but as their and seeped from their wounds into the cold muddy ground . they say that the are condemned to an eternity of terror and solitude unable to go forwards into paradise . that too is thankfully nothing but a fiction . when the of our town grow into rambunctious they are told that a fate so much worse than the omnipotent demise that all those cursed to live is out there in the labyrinthine gloom of the calling to the and the insubordinate . we tell these for two . on the surface we assert that it is to keep the bereft of to preserve the final resting place of evil s . this claim is based in truth . regardless of creed or outlook we all believe that this is a place that should remain undisturbed where respect should be to the dead so that they might at least rest in a of peaceful silence . we do this to preserve their last of dignity . the truth however is that nobody in our little town once bucolic and wholesome to confront the solemn reality of what here . what we to happen . not one of us to step forwards and take ownership of the fact that this tragedy beneath our oblivious or for the fact that evil among us for so long without ever being exposed . i for one am guilty of that same obliviousness for my silent obedient consent to the atrocity . in my youth long before what in the forest came to light my and i would sit on the riparian of the lake beside the setting at dusk . our summer nights were spent passing of vodka and blue ribbon and singing along to the of nirvana . in the of nights i sometimes wonder how many of the our laughter and our music in the distance how many of them out for our help . did i myself ever hear them scream and dismiss the occurrence as a hoax or as the bellow of a wild animal ? conceivably my own subconscious me an answer to that most solemn of in order to spare me the horror of an answer that would confirm my dreadful . the picnic tables are now desuetude and the water murky and uninviting . starling was one of us . he had been born here lived here had worked as a s performer a large red nose and a of on his stubble face as the people of our town him with their offspring . his work had taken him not only out of state but all across the country . beneath the portico of pleasantness malevolence . i do not believe that starling was a man corrupted by evil . i believe that he was evil incarnate in human form . he was pandora s box all the vile of and and and of himself waiting to be unlocked . when he took his first life at the ripe at of the padlock was torn asunder and hell itself was unleashed on so many . starling s name is near unmentionable in our town . at the mere muttering of starling s name townsfolk s will flicker towards the ground to avoid a burning gaze that could cast a shred of the guilt down unto them guilt that not from their complicity but from their ignorance . how ask could we all have been so oblivious ? so many and out so many slain in such horrible ways how did we let it happen ? are they now all responsible the ask ? when the agent investigating the vanishing of a young girl from the city through our town we tried to help him . our ignorance was not feigned to mask our own complicity but genuine for even as the life of was extinguished in a of starling s hatred and lust we were unaware . when they finally closed in on starling his downfall came not with a fight but with an anticlimactic surrender . an agent searching starling s woodland cabin away from the primary locale of the examination and upon a hillock of dirt from the forest floor . looking around him the agent had suddenly found himself by upon of shallow rotting in the mud as winter closed in . when all was said and done they had found such . as young as five and as old as twelve starling had a type it all slain at the will of this individual . all the of the the state police and our sheriff s department could not identify more than a half of the . we naming them ourselves . . . . that small comfort was all we could grant them . for many it was too much to bare . our town the highest rate of alcohol abuse amongst people over thirty in the entire . in the year after the s grisly discovery there had been twenty two in a population of just twelve hundred . people like to say that starling cried like a baby when they came to plunge the needle into his but the truth is less satisfying . he simply lay back with a smirk and for the end unafraid of what was to come . if there is a hell starling is in its most circle . justice was and the world soon forgot about the horror that was discovered in our little town . but we did not forget . even when we pass our in the streets we look at them as if to ask did you know ? why t you save them ? we will not let ourselves move on from what in the . that is our way of the extinguished beneath our very . it is because of our unanimous devotion to their that we care ourselves condemned to our interminable shame . we do not go into the . . . r kfur for shapeshifter the xb spending all night on the floor t make for well resting . i woke up feeling incredibly stiff . my back and neck cracked as i . i down at the wolf carving in my arm . it ' t hurt but there was a i felt as i at it and then i felt a hum in my head . xb xb " good you ' re awake . " xb xb ' s voice inside my head . xb " want me working right away huh ? " xb " i ' m glad you ' finally caught on . now these telepathic are quite so i need to make this brief . look among the colors for instruction . if you need them repeated simply tap the necklace . anyway i have to go now . is me breakfast . have a pleasant morning . " xb " yeah i ' m sure it ' be fantastic " i too tired to hide the sarcasm in my voice . xb xb luckily ' t notice this or simply chose not to take offense to it . i felt that same hum in my head again when he left . i at the colors as per his . among them formed . the first was a circle with some runic written in it . xb the second the shape of a wolf drawn in the circle . the third to be an actual wolf in the circle to fit the shape . the last were some i assumed i had to chant after the last . the only difficult part of all this was a wolf . one ' t exactly legal and i don ' t live in an area where they can be found . xb therefore i had to think of an alternative solution . i figured if i ' t find a wolf to use i ' d use an animal close to it . the most obvious one that to me is the husky breed of dogs . although from what i read most are not of canine and wolf . they are simply dogs . xb xb however what i sought out was a husky wolf hybrid . if i ' t get one i ' d have to settle for a pure husky . still i figured if i ' t at least put effort into my search and would not let me off easily . although it took a little while i found something . a breeder not too far from me was selling and the ad they were part wolf . xb xb i hoped the i spent to buy one would be worth it . as i ' before i ' m not in a great position financially . i could only hope the hybrid would meet the to get the job done . after a long round trip i got back home with my new puppy . the never i a fully grown wolf . xb xb carefully i thought holding a marker to draw the circle with . xb xb i touched it to the table and drawing . i had almost the circle when the puppy and on the table . in the process he smudged part of the circle . i and at him . he only happily in response . xb xb i him and tried the circle . this proved difficult as he kept on my as i to do this . to solve this problem i decided to give him one of my old to play with . as i got through the finishing on the circle the hum in my head again . this time spoke to me . xb xb how are coming along ? xb i just finished drawing the circle . where s ? xb asleep . i d like to see the wolf you acquired . xb how can i show that to you ? xb just to hold the necklace up to it . xb but i should mention what i got might not be exactly xb just show it to me . xb xb her voice in my head . xb xb i cried out shrinking back . xb xb i the necklace up to the puppy as per her instruction . xb xb that is not a wolf she coldly stated . that is what we ordered you to get . xb i know . i m sorry . there t exactly an abundance of them where i live . also i can barely get the puppy i brought home to so i don t see how i d get a wolf too . xb xb s reply with annoyance . xb i supposed it have to do . place it in the circle . xb xb i picked the puppy up to put it in the circle . xb xb wait i said . xb what ? in an tone . xb will this hurt him ? xb xb she . xb xb he be fine . now place him in the damn circle . xb xb the puppy back at me one last time before i did as she told . nothing at first when his touched the inside of the circle . he just down from it to me and cocked his head to the side while out a quizzical bark . then the table shaking . he let out a worried bark and as if to exit the circle . xb xb however he unable to . out of concern i extended my hand only to come in contact with an unseen barrier surrounding the circle . then my house to shake . a black mist from the circle . i backing away from it only for it to envelope the entire room . xb xb suffocating t begin to describe how it felt . it t just smothering . while it covered me it was like i had somehow forgotten how to use my . not only that i t move . i m not sure if i could have but the mist it so the thought never to me . xb xb i m not sure exactly how long it covered everything . all i knew is that i it gone . i thought i would be seeing complete darkness for only know how long . instead i saw what i thought were two flaming floating in the air . i quickly they were a pair of amber so orange they gave off the appearance of being aflame . xb xb another assumption i had is the thought i would have to deal with complete silence until the mist left . what this is the howling i . the sound of which chilled me to the bone . another shape the of the wolf i ever laid on . what more fright in me is when it spoke . xb xb what do we have here ? xb xb the voice t boom and t even that loud . what i found disturbing about is how predatory it . i felt like i was caught in a web with a hungry spider . xb xb i see . this must be a pathway . well there s only one thing it needs to be . xb xb xb its wide . my heart . i to move but my mind had gone blank . they down sending pain throughout my body . can t describe my utter helplessness at being in so much pain and unable to even scream . xb xb the pain for what felt like an eternity . mercifully the beast its grip . it withdrawing and so did the mist . as both did my kitchen coming back into view . i down at myself . xb xb to my shock i found absolutely no wounds . i thought that monster had bitten me in half . however i t even see so much as a drop of blood anywhere on my body . i back towards the table . on it stood the silhouette of a wolf so dark it practically in any light . xb xb i may as well have been staring at a solid shadow . eventually the silhouette fading . i with panic what this ritual had done to the puppy . said he would be fine but i don t exactly trust her . i mentally prepared myself for what i thought would be a harrowing sight . xb xb the last of darkness faded to reveal the puppy who had seemingly not at all . honestly this me . don t get me wrong . i was glad he fine . it s just that i had been some change to occur . xb xb as a matter of fact nothing in my kitchen had either . that is except the circle which was gone . i for or to explain what had just . someone did just not either of them . that same voice i in the mist spoke . xb xb honestly you t have found a more suitable body for me to inhabit ? xb who said that ? xb xb i around until my fell on the puppy . xb xb holy . xb xb spoke again . xb xb my . our servant to follow our exactly as we gave them . . xb xb i strongly to object to that but i t want to make her mad . therefore i silent . the puppy on the other hand let out a low growl while looking at me . despite his size i still felt afraid of him because i knew something far more ancient and powerful lied within him . just looking into his i could see misery and rage only of pain could produce . xb xb oh well . i can make do with this . at least his pain proved great enough to bring me here . xb xb my pain was part of the ritual ? xb xb i reflexively out the question . xb xb yes impatiently . we you to be in agony for it to work . xb why t you mention this before as one of the i to get ? xb because it is something you already had . now be silent . xb xb i shut my mouth and to the rest of the conversation . gave us for the next day . what we to do is gather for a very specific mixture . this a keen sense of smell to get right . with that left . xb xb the puppy . i suggest you rest up . we have a long day ahead of us tomorrow . xb yeah fantastic . by the way are you who i think you are ? xb and who would that be ? xb one of s . xb your name is what i was going to call him . xb xb xb the puppy lied down . xb xb i see . well see you tomorrow . for your sake i hope you rest well . xb xb i felt drained . it s almost as though the mere mention of rest struck me with fatigue . i made my way towards my bedroom . before i it and onto my bed to enter deep sleep i back . i down at the puppy . to him i only said six as he slept . xb xb see you in the morning . . . . xb not as friendly as he . . r kbis for poison the of chester abstract ' s disappearing crying family black return to chester are the of sam . they will be posted in chronological order though they can for the most part be read in any . for your benefit i am only posting the where we unusual phenomena . for every noteworthy one there were many more . as the are a haphazard combination of and personal memory i am going to write them out in a more narrative format to make them easier to digest . however these are not all the in them are completely factual to the best of my knowledge . of some have been to protect you from yourself . sammy would have me to share these and so i do . in loving memory of . you will never be forgotten . as would come to define sam she had to find the most bizarre and unbelievable rumor and of course to check it out . and that was exactly what we intended to do . it was a long drive to the old school in . i t really much the last four we had ended up being excruciatingly mundane . but hey the road were fun and i was getting to see the country . sam our new crew member on where we were going and what we might expect . he was a student who had an interest in to catch video evidence of so he pretty much at the opportunity to join us when he saw the footage from the mine . hopefully he could do a better job than me at whatever we might find . so in the basement of the school there s supposedly a hallway which goes on forever . we re going to want to be careful so we have like a thousand of rope on multiple . assuming there s any veracity to this at all we hopefully be able to use them to get back . this plan sam had t fill me with much confidence but it t likely to be a true story anyways or so i figured at the time . i m quite sure t really expect anything either but he excited to be along on an actual expedition despite that . he was mostly just the endless which surrounded the highway as sam spoke . we re it though just in case we want to keep at it a few days . consider it indoor . she always so sure of herself going into these usually starting with the assumption they would be true . it was kind of cute but every time an expedition which was pretty much every time it pained me a bit to see the disappointment in her . finally just before nightfall we at the old building just beyond the of . it was up but there was no gate or anything blocking us . to be an old elementary school god only when it closed . the door was locked of course . we d be breaking and entering with a power drill to the lock . it t take long before we were in . sam and i did a quick scouting of the seemingly normal grade school before . nothing out of the ordinary . let ' s check the basement . if there s nothing there not much point in out all our stuff i . it took some time to locate it the door leading down was pretty obscure hidden in a remote corner of the sprawling complex . it was a narrow and steep descent and there was no power in the building so it was pitch black below . was already recording while sam and i the underbelly of the building with our . like mostly . noted soaking in the room with his camera . there were two very short on opposite sides of the room both of which had on the end and two on one side . just simple steel painted green . alright well maybe it s one of these ? or maybe through one of the . sam . they t look very infinite to me . but we were here so it was time to do some exploring . we brought down some of our stuff and set up camp in the main room of the basement . the generator was set up near a window upstairs and we ran a line down to power our and equipment . it had been expensive but my s generous stipend funded our . she spoiled me rotten and i happily spoiled sam in return . it was actually pretty cozy once it was well lit . for a cellar anyways . when everything was in place we set up as usual and then had a quick meal together . sam was eager to start exploring but i convinced her to wait until morning . mostly just with on one of his trying to get the right balance for the lighting or something . sam and i an air mattress had his own . one of the unfortunate of him along this time is that sammy and i t get intimate . oh well i thought . when morning with the screech of my phone s alarm we all dragged ourselves up and had a quick breakfast . sam ate it so fast i could barely see the food enter her mouth . alright we re done go . she pretty much threw the little tin she a bowl aside and to gear up enthusiastically . i was actually pretty glad to be there . after our ordeal at the mine that were supposedly made me nervous . but a weird hallway ? i could handle that it t feel nearly as at the time . at least not yet . and i took our time eating and by the time we finished sam already had herself tied to one of the of rope and was walking down one of the two . one of our standing was pointed straight down it providing lighting but she had a flashlight a and spare . can never be too careful i suppose . i just watched as she went in alone not really seeing any reason to intervene . it was just a hallway . she the first door and in . it s a storage closet i think . she inside it for a moment and then . our met and she then went on to the next one . i don t know what this room is . it s completely empty though . finally on to the door at the far end of the hallway . i remember yawning at this point and thinking about instant coffee . i had boiling water on the little electric stove when i sam s voice come from two at once . it almost to resonate through the room in a loop . holy . the sound of surprise in her voice was unmistakable even beyond the themselves . his camera and went to see what was happening but my gaze in a different direction . i knew i had her voice coming from the other hallway as well . i was certain . and i was right . the door at the end of the opposing hallway was open and just inside the door stood sam looking out at me . i turned the other way and saw her backside holding the door open as she through at herself . . . . i can see myself . she said shockingly calmly . i did a double take just to make sure i t losing my mind . sam to walk through the door . i t sure how i felt about that but it was too late and in she was back in the main room . the rope went right through one door and out the other . was already down the hallway and through the door . oh my god . he . i had to see it for myself so i up next to and caught my first glance of it straight on . it was the most bizarre thing i had ever seen in my life . you could see yourself from behind looking into the doorway . and then through that you could see another doorway . presumably if you t blocking yourself you could see another you as well . it repeated on and on . an infinite hallway . huh . my memory t the best but i definitely recall wishing i had a baseball to throw at myself in that moment . sam back toward the other side of the door back the way she came . meaning she was approaching me and . her devious smile was unmistakable and i what she had . she me through the door just a peck . there we twice . i t really get it but she pointed behind me . of course the two of us were standing over there as well . this is weird . i stated . kept surprisingly silent just to film as he through the door from the other side . we all spent several around with the inexplicable phenomena going back and forth throwing through and generally trying to figure out clever ways to have fun with it . eventually though we broke for lunch . how the hell can something like this exist and not have been on ? i the group . sam with her mouth full . she did that . well people have right ? i mean i found out about it on a forum . yeah but like this could be easily confirmed by like actual and . it s just sitting here anyone could come here and document it . well that s what we re doing yeah ? finally in . someone to be first . it unlikely . there had to be a good reason this had obscure . maybe it t exist until recently ? i . talking through her sandwich sam shot me down . the post i saw was from like fifteen ago . none of it made sense to me but what did i know ? not much at the time that s for sure . i finished my sandwich and decided to take a quick nap while and sam around with the some more . when i woke up a few later sam was furiously on her while was messing around with camera . i m this one low to the ground to maximize our view . he . the camera is much smaller than us so we be able to see further since it will block less . it made sense to me and he had a cable the camera to his . i him over to it once he was done and took a quick peek from behind him . he t wrong the screen repetition after repetition of the same room . the same . the same . like a couple dozen before the camera itself . mused . i m going to leave this on until we leave try not to bump it . a bit later we mused further over beer and whisky . dinner was a bit fancier than lunch i had brought an electric grill and . we ate drank and . so what do we do now ? sam to reply but got there first . i m going to take one of the and go as far down the hallway as i can . you just be going in though . i half . well i stop when i get . i just want the footage you know ? see how many i can get . i m going too . sam added out of nowhere . i had no reason to argue at the time . they decided to go on their little trek pretty much immediately after that and i had nothing better to do so i went as well . it was pretty unceremonious . we just kept walking through the door over and over always winding up right back where we . this is like that game portal . as we made our tenth or so recursion . now we re thinking with . i had it as well and the thought t been lost on me . the were striking . alright i think i m done . you all can keep going nowhere if you want . i broke off and remember the opportunity to demolish the liquor while the other two were distracted . in my drunk state it was almost comical watching them just keep going and going in one door and out the other . sam especially so determined like she was actually making progress toward some goal in spite of the obvious futility of it . tiredness them eventually . or maybe boredom . or both . they me and the liquor before i could steal it all . well that was exciting . i said sarcastically . it is exciting . sam shot back . this is a discovery . you said yourself we t the first to discover it . i retorted . but . . . . we may well be the first to have extensive video evidence of it . that s got to be worth something right ? i supposed so at the time and we about random until sleep finally took us . i sam close as we fell asleep really wishing we had some privacy . she was out like a rock though so i m not sure anything would have come of it anyways . morning hit me like a truck as it so often did . i could have gone on for several more but energetic sam was already up and about and t going to let me sleep in . not if she had anything to say about it which she did . my head from too much booze . she was making while . the smell eventually woke him though and he found his way toward the food . he to review the footage from the night while he his face full of . i have an idea . of course sam had an idea she always came up with something . we need to find something long enough that we can put it all the way through one door and out the other so that it s passing through two at once . it rather pointless to me not to mention where would we find something that long ? she to read my mind though . i m going to go through with the rope over and over until we run out of it . she . it was a weird thought even just it . sure whatever . i had . . interrupted sam s big plan . you all are going to want to see this sam and i both got up her perhaps more eagerly than me and we squatted down behind so we could see his screen . it pretty normal to me just the camera staring at itself down the infinite hallway . what am i looking at exactly ? hold on . he . i have to get back to the right spot . he was fidgeting with the time on the recording . i think this is it . he let it play . nothing for a minute or so and then i saw it . one of the several in . it closed again shortly after rather uneventfully . and that was it . did one of you all open the door ? i don t get it . i figured one of them must have gone into the room in the video or something . no i checked the footage and nobody or left that room at any point . sam immediately caught the imperative detail though right before was about to point it out . none of the other . just that one . the other of it closed . i remember the sinking feeling as i she was right . play it again . obliged . three down the hallway the furthest door on the hallway s right . the one that led to the empty room . its on one and two closed the whole time . somehow that one iteration was different . what the ? i . what the indeed . added . i checked the rest of the footage and this was the only time it . i had been cloistered in this tomb of a basement for too long . needing some fresh air to process it all i took my leave . i m going to take a walk . this is a bit much for me right now . t respond but sam to go with me and we both found ourselves in the early autumn air walking the grounds of the old school . were bright with yellow and orange and the sun felt good . i to clear my head . sam on the other hand immediately rambling excitedly . what do you think it could mean ? she and i to plug my to just get a moment of silence . they must not all be the same ? she went on . well i watched you two walk through a dozen or so more times than i did and yet here we are . i have to admit that i thought it was though . we together and found a bench . sitting together in privacy for the first time in days it t take her long to engage me and we finally spent a bit of us time . but my mind kept drifting back to that door . it disturbed me . i broke away from sam long enough to ask the question which had slowly in my brain . sammy . we might not be alone down there . i thought about that too . the more i considered it the more i it . i had really been happy to discover this was just some cool and inexplicable hallway . this was an unwelcome development in what had otherwise been a seemingly exciting and harmless excursion . maybe we should sleep upstairs tonight . i . i m with that . when we got back down into the of the cellar was nowhere to be found . we for him for a while before we the door to the basement open and later he was down the narrow . where were you ? i him . bathroom but that check this out . i t help but notice he a bit as he went back to his computer . this while you two were up doing whatever it was you were doing . sam and i once again were squatting next to him and he already had the video at the right spot . it was just a frame . that same door third one down it was open again . and someone was out around from behind it staring right into the camera . oh no . i remember being extremely loud as i said it . we re not here tonight . he really old . sam to nobody in particular . on . we have to keep the going for a few more days . we have to . i was not sleeping in that basement another night not a chance . let ' s move camp upstairs at least we can keep down here . like a reasonable compromise to me . everyone agreed and we spent the rest of the day getting settled up in the hallway . it was a bit and i had wished we had brought a tent as the evening set in . sam always prepared produced her secret stash she had along . and tequila . it was a welcome treat and i nearly forgot about my as we for yet another night . as the light from the faded the two provided the only source of illumination in the empty hall . it was in that darkness that we saw the penetrate into the hallway . they were coming from out front where we had the jeep . a few later they turned off . what do we do ? i . i remember thinking that we were definitely . just chill . sam . sure enough a few later the beam of a flashlight turned on and the door was tried opening immediately as it its lock . a dark figure in indiscernible behind the glare of the light . it immediately headed our way . we were all frozen in place the inevitable stranger . coming into view at last it was what i feared . what are you all doing here ? this is private property . the officer wasted no time laying into our little group . sam spoke up before anyone else could get a word in . we re just doing urban exploration sir . well do it somewhere else . did you all drill in the lock ? that s vandalism . no sir it was like that when we . she lied . well regardless i want you all out as fast as you can . i m wait until i see you all drive off the property . i was actually kind of relieved . sleeping in this place knowing there was some creepy old man in that hallway was a discomforting idea at best . i immediately . yes sir sorry to bother you . sam though . i need you to see something . she . sam no ! i by what i knew she was about to do . the officer . what i see is you three wasting my time . get on with it get your stuff and hit the road . we just need to go get our equipment from the basement then we be out of your hair . i tried to keep sam from speaking too much by before she could . go on then . the cop just stood there waiting for us to do our thing . it took awhile for us to get everything up and we t even halfway done when we the door to the basement open and descend . what are you all doing down here anyways ? the officer . nothing sir just exploring . sam t going to let me keep her at bay though . look down the hallway to your right . she much to my displeasure . it was a simple request and so he did exactly that . a few of him standing in silence and then he slowly the open door camera still sitting on the floor in front of it . the man in front of it for a while eventually his hand through the doorway palm forward . it was retracted immediately . the officer back at us with a look i remember being some combination of confusion and perhaps fear . what is this ? it s an infinite hallway . sam excitedly . i to . in . not quite that though . there s someone in it . somehow . it was obvious the officer had no idea what to make of any of it . he back into the infinite abyss again and in silence for an uncomfortably long time . nobody said a thing as he just soaked it in . finally he turned and to the the look of distress on him was plain . you all have yourselves a fine evening . i could hear him dashing up the like he was running for his life . sam disappointed that she t get to show off her discovery further . i was relieved he was gone though the last thing we was meddling by no less . of course sam to turn a good thing into a bad one with her next statement . like we re here tonight after all ! she . at least excited . i kept thinking about that old man around the door . it me immensely . we at our upstairs camp after confirming the cop had fled and his car was gone . i had enough tequila and went for a beer this time . another hour of spotty conversation and then we all retired . morning came surprisingly fast . breakfast was by sam and who both made their way down to the basement and the almost the moment we had . i was hungry but them anyways not wanting to be left out . made for the computer right away sam leaning over behind him . i knew they were looking for the man . but something else had caught my eye . it was a subtle incongruity three down the hallway to the right . it took a moment to make sure i t mistaken . but i t it was obvious once i it . the camera is gone . i said . they t seem to notice at first . i said the camera is gone . they finally and both came over . the camera was obviously still there and pointed out as much . no that one . i pointed down the hallway . they both saw it at once from the i recall on their . the were identical except for that third one . it was the only one where s camera t present . we all at an intense pace back to the computer to see if we could find out what had . frantically through the footage trying to find the exact intersection of the when it was there and when it was not . he found it pretty quickly . we all watched as the door and the old man crept out . he afraid i remember thinking . slowly he knelt down and snatched up the camera off the floor and then quickly back into the room the door behind himself . and that was it . none of the other of the infinite hallway had at all . i m going to check it out . sam declared . of course i t even . we all decided to go together creeping through the first loop . upon reaching the camera on the floor i back . it consistent in the other direction but in front of us the missing camera was now just two away . i to try something . lifting the camera off the floor i saw myself doing the same both in front of and behind me . except for that one bit of hallway where the camera was missing . in that one i to just grab at nothing . i put the camera back in place . i don t like this . i stated knowing i d be . sam and were already into the next section so i quickly caught up . only one more to go now . we all right in front of the door leading into the section with the missing video camera . i had an ill feeling . i was certain that sam was going to walk in there and knock on that door the man had come out of . i would have bet anything on it . and she t disappoint . blazing right in like it was nothing she was standing in front of the door later . what was weird was that once she this one section i could no longer see her in any of the other . she three times . there was no response . she tried the door handle but it was locked . hello ? she . trying again sam continued knocking getting increasingly loud . i almost felt sorry for the old man . i had no idea who or what he might be but maybe he just to be left alone in his weird well whatever this place was . it was who brought the next and most disturbing observation to my attention . the are going out . down the hall . i my gaze toward the direction he was looking . sure enough they were . in one loop of the hallway after another the would flicker and go out . after one the next one would follow . darkness was creeping our way . sam . i shook her shoulder and pointed her head with my down the hallway . she as confused as i was . all i knew was i t particularly want to be there when the went out . it was getting closer quickly . instead of leaving though sam just knocking more vigorously . hey the are going out . she . what s going on ? he s probably not even in there . let s get the out of here . i her to give up . but later the door open . the old man at us with what to be sleep and then down the hallway toward the lack of light . he waved us all inside and i reluctantly with the . it was a simply decorated abode very different from the empty which to exist in the same place in the other of the hallway . i t really imagine how or why this or who this man could be . he t say a word but just went to a little plastic seat and picked a up off the small table next to him . he some strange tune as he read us entirely . i saw the go out in the hallway through the crack under the door . hi i m . she her hand out to the old man . he continued to ignore her humming to himself . he to have food water a bed . how did he get all the stuff down here i ? i supposed he probably just went up the like we did but why linger in this place ? it was all so unfathomable . the whole room was filled with nearly identical white a light throughout . we all between ourselves for a bit near the door . sam to learn more about the man . i to leave . his camera back and for it . the old man actually this time and tried to say something . but the which came out were gibberish . realizing we t understand him he pointed at a drawer . he could apparently understand us . went and reluctantly it the man s expression to make sure he t doing something wrong but he expressionless . the drawer was and the camera . wanting to see what was going on outside . i to go for the door but the moment i unlocked it and my hand touched the doorknob the man and up causing me to recoil . he something incomprehensible and he ran to the door locking it again . it clear to him that we had no idea what he was saying . i t sure if he was speaking another language or was just raving mad . either plausible . he picked up the he had been reading and through some . once he found what he was looking for he pointed out a particular line or verse . so said to them the light is among you for a little while longer . walk while you have the light lest darkness overtake you . the one who in the darkness does not know where he is going . it was a bit abstract for me but i understood it to be a warning not to leave . he returned to his humming and reading and we tried to pass the time unsure what to expect or what we were waiting for . the temptation to just open the door and head for the was real . we had after all . then we it the shuffling of in the hall . the old man got up and to the door . he shouting something in croaky at whatever was passing by . his voice came off as angry . the stopped as did our conversation . we were all listening intently . sam and i both the sound as soon as we it . almost like someone was throwing up . i up unable to move . it was unmistakable . knowing were and i was suddenly glad i t the door . soon the of and before long i saw the flicker back on beneath the door . satisfied the old man returned to his seat again and to whistle . i was ready to leave . had been from the moment he had gotten his camera in hand again and was now what he had . it t much but he had gotten the strange at least . he kept them much to the obvious displeasure of their host who shouting at him . he his activity immediately and we all sat there wondering what to do next . i m going to check the hall . if it s clear let ' s get out of here . sam about to argue so i shut her up with a quick kiss and then went for the door . the man stood up again and shouting once more . i t sure if he was ever going to let us leave this place . the are on ! i back he understood . they re on ! i went ahead and the door . i to my right and everything fine . i could still hear the old man exclaiming something inarticulate behind me . i to the left . i could see the darkness down the hall just a few away . i almost immediately that it was coming back my way as it grew one loop closer . the door was locked again as soon as i closed it and later i the return . and more or whatever they were . it like the bathroom in a frat house after an overly ambitious party . whatever the thing was ended up in front of the door for a while . the old man intensely unhappy with us . he just gave me a look without saying a word wincing at every noise the enigma outside made . it for an uncomfortable period and we ended up all passing out on the man s bed after he himself fell asleep in his chair . he woke us bright and early with some sort of unknowable shouting . all three of us ourselves together as he the door with a handful of random and left it open leaving us alone . there were a few of canned tuna sitting on the bed next to us . presumably breakfast . i was pretty hungry so i one and for a utensil but none was to be found . like a or some such i just ate it with my after the top . sam and suit . when i finally out into the hallway i saw the old man doing a most peculiar thing . he a number of of tuna down just outside the doorway leading into the next loop of the hallway . a few as well and a box of . he then to the opposite end of the hallway the he had just . i t understand what he was doing until i that they in the other . sam . . check this out . they hurried over in response . we all watched together as he repeated this process several times the canned food and every time he did it . after a few of this he collected all the from the next loop of the hallway causing them to be removed from all . he had an armful of and now . . sam cursed . i guess that s how he down here . why t he just leave ? i . he to have me and yelling something . i put up my wondering if i had struck a nerve . he to let it go . hold my beer . said speaking figuratively and he went to the camera which still sat right in front of their current iteration of the infinite hallway . he considered it up but then instead went and what the old man had done the camera he had from the drawer down on the other side . sure enough he saw himself it into this segment of the loop behind himself . but only his hand . the rest of him was invisible or non present . walking over he picked it up and just as with the old man it in the outside . he repeated this a few times seven in total . this is wild . anyone got large ? i actually did and fished out a few and two hundred dollar them to . it t take a genius to figure out what he was thinking . before long our and clothes were stuffed with them . not that i the money my s company made more in an hour than we could physically carry out of this place with . but it was sort of fun regardless . the old man saw what we were doing and made a face of distaste a brief break from his seemingly unending study of the scripture . sam was with the duplication as well . she stated what should have been the obvious after a while . why does this stuff duplicate but we don t ? it t make sense . all this was so strange that it t even to me . it really t make sense at all . none of this did . i t have too much time to speculate on it though . the were beginning to flicker out again down the hall . it was time to leave . get your go . sam reluctant but i t going to have any of her . the darkness grew ever closer . just do it ! t have to be twice and quickly went about scooping up as many as he could handle . the man us no attention as we left so after trying to say we just closed the door and on to our stuff . it was coming in fast . a quick sprint was made all the way to the original segment of the hallway we had come in from . or was it ? we had gone around so many times over the last day or two it was hard to be sure . we the we the camera which had been left staring down the hallway this whole time and we got the out of there . once we had collected ourselves above ground we took a moment to just consider what had unfolded . the rest of the tequila came out but i was eager to hit the road so i declined . i d be the driver . well this is probably the best paying gig i had in awhile . said smugly fingering the vast number of he was carrying . let ' s come back next weekend ? maybe . i said . sam interested . we hit the road shortly after everything up . i drove while they went on and on about the uncanny experience and . had apparently mixed up the and was trying to figure out which one was the one that they had originally . why does it even matter ? i him . sam got it though . the he were from the one the old man collected . it was with us in the room . i to get it as well . but the original one was in the hallway the whole time . through them he d eventually find it . and sure enough he did . when we stopped at a motel for the night we plugged the device into the via the port and it together . it took a while given the sheer volume of data to find the right . they were found though and they were watched . several times in fact . the camera t have night vision turned on but when the out we could hear it well enough . that same terrifying sound like someone was losing their lunch while they erratically down the hallway . i remember the feeling then quite well . all i could think about was the mine we had several back . it felt as though if the t off i d be looking at something beautiful on the screen . terrible and beautiful just like what i had seen in the of my jeep that night . the trip home was fairly uneventful . sam mostly spent it trying to figure out where we would go next while relentlessly more and more of the video we had . it took us a few days to get back to but by the time we finally had it was universally agreed on . we d revisit the infinite hallway the next chance we got . and it t take long . just a few and we were back on the road again . when we got there though it t the same . the hallway but the man was nowhere to be found . the strange creature the never . it was just infinite repetition as far as the eye could see . a few days were spent searching and wandering to no avail and we eventually gave up . we d never find the old man again . but we had and as well as our own . part of what would become an ever growing archive of the bizarre and unexplainable . upon home sam and i all to research toward our next expedition . it would probably turn out to be nothing a dud but you never knew until you tried . that was becoming increasingly clear . these are to sammy . i miss you so much . i saw many strange in the small town of . some of them are impossible to forget even though i now live as far away from that place as possible . this story long ago when i from my " house to a rented apartment . it was my first independent living space . to say that i was excited is to say nothing at all . it was close to my work and so cheap . suspiciously cheap now that i think about it but back then i felt lucky that i found this perfect affordable place . on moving day i stood on the ground floor landing wondering which of my to take upstairs first . it was a standard five apartment building in the era a concrete box with of identical rectangular dull straight and no creative whatsoever . there was no elevator and of course my new apartment to be on the top floor . thankfully i ' t have much stuff a large suitcase and a cardboard box with a few and kitchen . it meant only two up the narrow dimly lit . it could been worse . as i the handle of my suitcase the entrance door open and a tall man with hair and a big messy beard stepped inside . he glum . his head was slightly as if he was carrying a heavy invisible burden on his back . he at me sullenly from under his bushy and towards the . after taking a few he stopped and wearily . " need help ? " he had a deep voice like might have . a very sad exhausted . " well yeah why not ? " i said pleasantly at the offer . " thank you . " he picked up my box and up the . i awkwardly dragging the suitcase up one step at a time . the higher i got the it . " which floor ? " " fifth . " grunting i put my load down stepped up without looking and almost into the man ' s back as he froze rooted to the spot in the middle of the flight . " apartment ? " he quietly without turning around . " y yeah . just moving in . " i felt a little confused . why did he stop all of a sudden ? he for a moment longer then continued his way up the even more than before . i at his back suddenly nervous at the thought that he now knew where i lived . i immediately myself for being paranoid but he determined to worsen my . " you look . . . young " he . " are you a student ? " i to wonder if the help of a stranger was such a good idea . " no but i work at the university . " i for a way to get rid of him while polite and friendly . " i don ' t mind if you leave the box on your floor . i can handle it from there . " " i live in apartment . " " oh . " that was the only thing i could say . on the fifth floor he put the box at my doorstep and at me sorrowfully which only made me more uncomfortable . it felt like he knew something depressing about me a feeling that i ' t understand and certainly . i ' t want to look ungrateful though . " well thank you very much . " i and out my hand . " you practically saved me . " it was an exaggeration but i was desperate to dispel the unsettling atmosphere . he his wild beard frowning at my hand . for an moment i felt like a complete fool confident that he ' t shake it but then . . . he did . his palm felt warm and rough his grip firm but gentle . he turned to the door with the number on it fumbling with his . the lock and bright sunlight burst into the dark landing from his apartment . " what ' s your name ? " he over his shoulder crossing the threshold . " er . . . " i ' t find a way to avoid his question without sounding rude . " . and yours ? " " . " he gave me one last sombre look . " i ' m very sorry . " the door shut . i was left staring at it blankly then i living in an apartment building you must have at least one weird and put all this interaction out of my head . unfortunately my acquaintance with ' t the only unpleasant thing that day . i soon found out that my landlady had left a lot of her in the apartment clothes in the wardrobe beside the front door on the kitchen table . there was even a well used toothbrush standing in a glass in the bathroom . this was rather unexpected since we agreed that the place would be empty for my moving day . i tried to call my landlady but had no luck . finally i just her stuff in an old armchair to make room for my and decided to deal with it tomorrow . maybe she ' d answer my or come and take her . it was an exhausting day and all i to do was crawl into bed and sleep . i woke up in the middle of the night acutely aware that something was wrong . i ' t quite put my finger on it at first . everything normal on the surface . as normal as it could be at am anyway . i ' t shut the before going to bed and now pale moonlight was pouring into the room causing the armchair with all my landlady s stuff in it to cast a strange shadow across the floor . odd blurry were out of the ajar of the massive wardrobe . the doorway to the hall was dark and empty . there was nothing out of the ordinary . just a quiet midsummer night . it was only when a cool breeze the room through the cracked open window and one of the light that i finally saw her . the window was on the right side . it at the bed ' s footboard and took up almost the entire wall to the far right corner . that was where she was standing her left side partially by the now still curtain . a short figure in a white floor length nightgown . she old . much older than my granny who was about at the time . one of her bony arms that ' t hidden behind the curtain hung motionless along her gaunt body long were crooked at impossible . her thin grey hair fell to her sharp bare shoulder limp and lifeless . her small almost lipless mouth was slightly open as if she was trying to breathe through it . only . . . i ' t sure she was breathing at all . she stood utterly unmoving and silent staring at me with huge foggy that were unnaturally round and . she ' t blink not even once . the draft from outside the curtain again and the fabric touched her hollow cheek . she ' t flinch her gaze still fixed on me . i froze for a second . my first thought was that i had sleep paralysis . i d only had it once before when i was a . that time it was a bunch of surgery on my stomach . the result of watching too much x i believe . but this time was different . i soon found out that i could move . in fact i could move very well . with an audible gasp i practically up into a sitting position and backwards until my shoulder were safely against the headboard of the bed . frozen with horror i my up to my chin in an unconscious attempt to move as far away from the old woman as possible . i crushed the beneath me the blanket slid down my bare to the cool night air . i ' t care . my on the figure behind the curtain . i feared that when she saw me moving she would react rush forward scream do something but she ' t . she just stood there staring and for some reason her simple inaction made the hair stand up on the back of my neck . no matter what she like she was definitely not an ordinary old woman . i almost from the feeling that something unimaginable something otherworldly was watching me in the darkness . out of habit i for the bedside lamp but almost immediately that i ' d left it in my " house in my old bedroom which would now be turned into a guest room . the only light source here was a large pendant on the ceiling and its switch was in the far left corner by the doorway to the hall . i t dare run across the room past the terrifying old woman . without taking my off the creature behind the curtain i to fumble around for my phone . i that i ' d it on the bed somewhere next to the pillow before falling asleep . mobile were much different back then . there were no touch or connection . most t even have a flashlight function . i was lucky mine had one . i breathed a sigh of relief as my finally touched the familiar smooth plastic . the old woman was still staring at me from the corner the whites of her glistening in the moonlight . i only how much my were shaking when i tried to press the c button . my thumb hit it several times and slipped . the flashlight blinked and went out . the old woman ' t still . " . " a low throaty growl her mouth and she . she so fast faster than any living thing i ' d ever seen . one moment she was standing in the corner the next she was the footboard with one hand long pointed scratching the wood . her wrinkled grey face was so close now mouth wide open . she forward her other hand reaching for my ankle . a second longer and her clawed would have sunk into my skin . i . my thumb the c button down so hard it . i pointed the beam of light right at the creature ' s face . all of a sudden she was gone . i sat there panting and shaking blood thundering in my . i frantically shone my flashlight into every corner of the room the ceiling the the doorway . she was nowhere to be seen . i even turned around to look at the headboard and the wall behind it . nothing . my thumb on the c button to ache . after what felt like an eternity i took a deep breath and made a mad dash for the light switch . the entire time i sharp to grab me pierce my neck rip out my heart . i can ' t even describe the enormous wave of relief that swept over me as warm yellow light filled the room . i stood by the door to the hallway my back against the wall hand on the light switch every muscle tense . my own frightened reflection at me from the window on the opposite wall . i was alone . a loud knock on the front door me . was it real or was it part of the supernatural nightmare the old woman ' s trick to scare me even more ? someone again more insistently this time . i a muffled male voice coming from the landing . it was impossible to tell what they were saying but i thought they more concerned than menacing like a real person . with trembling i the door . " you ' re alright . " ' t ask he just stated the fact . he stood on the landing looking exactly like your stereotypical alcoholic uncle chest hair curling above the neckline of his greasy tank top soiled bagging at the a big toe out of a hole in his worn out slipper . he was a real living person . i back the urge to hug him . " i saw something " i said . " an old woman . " " i know . you screaming . " his beard . " you tried to turn on the ' t you ? " " what ? " he and his beard some more . " for the future turn on the before dusk and turn them off after dawn . she won ' t show up . if you forget then just don ' t try to turn them on until the sun . she ' t like it . she won ' t touch you in the dark she ' just watch . " " for the future ? i ' m here first thing in the morning ! " i . " ' course you are . " ruefully shook his head . " i told to find someone older someone close to their deathbed to pass this thing onto . " he towards his apartment . was my landlady ' s short name . " hey ! wait a minute . " i after him the concrete floor cold and dusty under my bare . i was too to let a minor discomfort stop me . his apartment then turned holding the door and at me . " i ' m " " don ' t you dare say you ' re sorry ! " i pointed my finger at him angrily . he just and . there was this deep sadness in his . " i can ' t help you " he said . " you can trick someone into sleeping the night in your place . let them see her make her their problem . find someone old enough so they won ' t suffer long and when they die they ' take her with them . " " w what ? " i blinked stupidly at him . i ' m not of myself for not being particularly bright in that situation but at the time all i got from our brief conversation was that knew a lot about this old woman . it made me . again and suddenly his door shut . " hey ! open up ! " i on his door for a while but he never it . i kept the on until well after sunrise and out of the cursed apartment as soon as i could . i ' t get through to my landlady . i never saw her again . i now live far away from in a nice small apartment with plenty of light in my bedroom . i got used to sleeping with on . it ' s not that hard if you find a good sleep mask . but every once in a while a strong wind down a tree in the and the power goes out . just like that she ' s there again behind the curtain . she still watching me in the dark . i have travelled to many around the world with my many times we preferred to explore the scary or or out . it was nothing fancy like the other hardly got any to show but we did it non the less . coming to was a spur of the moment as we had to go to but found a package deal we could not resist . was a place we least travelled because there were no of and now i know why . i am writing this so that whoever this does not make the same mistake . we got to our hotel at the beach and man the place was amazing . the beach though not as clean as other was alive with people and like and wind . my friend whom i will call for a good reason a was the time of his life trying everything and because it was than we had we did it all . b was busy talking to the hotel staff about the usual and place to visit until he met an old staffer who told him about a site nearby that was supposed to be a kind of house but is not for some reason . we and b spoke about the place and we decided to visit and do our usual . for the first few days we the hotel and did a couple of to really see the place after which we to go to that place . around again we never really got the we so we decided to walk there and see for ourselves . it was like a walk away from the hotel and what we got were a pile of and an old floor plan . we were disappointed but decided to camp out and see what as it was like and growing dark . there were a few people who us by and gave no notice to us as we just about looking at the place . an old lady spoke to us in and since we did not know that dialect we kept only and she took the hint and left . later as the darkness crept in she returned with a younger man who may be her son and he told us to leave as the place is not safe at night . b told him that we were the place and its history the man at us and spoke to his mother who and he . you should not be here this place is home to the . they roam here looking for people to . i at them and at a he at me and then . you mean ? the man at me and then spoke to his mother they at us and quickly left . it was dark by this time and we used the we had to move about . the wind from the sea made it difficult to sit out in the open so we took cover behind some . as we settled b took out the camera we carried and turned it on and used the night mode to look around there was nothing but the swaying coconut and . there were no nearby which struck me as odd . i to know more about the history of this place but could not find anyone to tell us and also it was far from everywhere . though it took us to walk here about form the site there was nothing and no one to haggle with us . as time the night we that there was no other sound other than the swaying wind and the ocean . i grew more at this and it to b he was busy looking through the scree at something while a sat staring at some point in the site . i put my hand on a s shoulder and he what the hell man ? sorry what the heck are you looking at there a at the same spot and said there is something there moving oddly and i cannot for the life of me figure it out . its like a person moving around but still at the same moment know what i mean i at the same place and saw like a dark shadow there i b to use his camera to see what it was . he pointed it in that direction and almost th . there s someone there well i think a someone . just then over everything went silent and we the . a something or someone was making their way to our place and we all stood up ready to run . the figure and it like the we see in town dressed head to toe in black except the that were not covered . i to step back and so did b . a spoke out who are you and what are you doing here ? nothing still the figure forward . i was getting and could tell b was also . a took a step forward and shone the light directly at the figure it was definitely a woman . she stopped and at us you should not have come here white people this is not your home . i told b we should leave now and he agreed i put my hand again on a s shoulder and he shook it off and forward . look we are here to investigate this place do you know anything about it ? the woman at a telling him that this is her home and we were not to be here . b me on my should and pointed at here i and almost fell . the dress or something went all the way down to just above the what really froze my blood was that the were pointed the other direction . i a and tried to run for it . a did not understand why i was doing this until i pointed the and all of a sudden a scream was coming from out right and we froze . the woman had and we were frozen on our . all round us the wind howling along with the wind . i covered my and tried to move towards where we came from and b . a was walking towards where the woman was last seen . i him again this time yanking him to follow . we ran and did not stop till we the hotel . i was half dragging and a from there and he kept saying we should go back . at the hotel the guard us and let us in . he us where we came from and b told him in between . the guard almost his staff no boss that place is cursed . you should not have gone there . the would have eaten you . he was at us like we were infected or something and his distance . we made our way to our and tried to was off the night a was almost numb to all this . i him what was wrong and he kept she to tell me i should have stayed . looking back i should have stayed in this room because the in the morning when we on his door he did not respond . worried i the staff to open the door for us telling them that my friend had one too many last night and we to make sure he was . inside the room the sight that us still me today . there a lay on his bed naked with his out . there was blood all the way to the ceiling of the room his face calm like as if he knew what was happening and did not care . it was then i a whisper in my ear he saw me and now you will too . edgar the pen from his pocket protector and looking around for what i assumed was something to write on . bob took a seat on the couch . as around over to me and whispering did you see that ? yeah i whispered back . what was that ? he . i don t know but we re in hell so i . right ! ! he said nodding his head . after a couple found a then ! ! what are your stage please and who what you know like what ? we all just stood there staring at him . apparently the other three saw it as well . oh the eye blinking thing right . he said a laugh . it s a birth defect that s all . nothing to worry about . you get used to it . it s not like i m some hellish demon that s try and rip you apart . he said making a tearing sound with his mouth and again . we all gave each other a what the look . you have to excuse here he s kind of well . . . unique ! ! bob said from the couch but he s harmless . it s cool devil dude ! ! we don t judge . said . then raised his hand rattler . . . drummer . he said . derrick macabre . . . bass guitar . blaze . . . guitar . . . . singer man . zee . . . i play guitar . man said this guy lead guitar he s a beast dude . wonderful said writing it all down on his . we got to get a picture for the album cover i m thinking a group picture so all five of you stand together back to front to over by that wall . he said and pointed behind us . he in the top drawer of the file cabinet to his left and produced a small camera behind us up to the ceiling and down a large green screen from it . stand in front of this he said . we did and took the picture it from the camera shook it a little and handed it to bob . wonderful ! ! he said . we add in a picture of some or something equally as cool behind you . now we need a band name what do you call yourselves ? . image we all in unison . corny . . . but . . since there are five of you we are going to break up the recording sessions into five different . the will be first then the bass then rhythm guitar then lead guitar and finally . said . bob then around on the couch the leather squeaking as he did . if you are not recording feel free to wander around and check this place out its really cool down here actually . . . it s hot really hot . we have a cafeteria as well as a gift shop . bob said . really ! ! cool ! ! i can get a coffee cup . said . ! ! we re in hell ! ! . . . as in . . . hell ! ! . . . you know . . . hell ! ! i said . i know man . my will be the first in our neighborhood to have a coffee cup from hell . said . i just threw my up in frustration . bob then laughing . what ? . like he said this is hell not some plush resort in the . we don t have a cafeteria or a gift shop . i was with you . bob said laughing . that was up man . you re an . said disappointed . i am the devil after all . bob said sarcastically . then said now do any of you play the ? ? no we t some bon band we re a kick ass rock and roll band well you are now . reaching for the large stack of on the control board . here is the sheet music for all your for you bass for you for both of you i take the and the lyric for you . now there are here that mister himself for you . we are going to record all for all the mix them together add the thus the then scale it down to fit the for the album . i think i can play the keyboard i dabble a little . sound good ? great ! ! ! let s get drummer guy you re first . no way man said in protest . we write our own this is . bob stood up quickly and yelling as he well not really more like . i never saw his move . anyway do you want to be rich ? do you want to be famous ? have a big house and get all the ? he . yeah but . . . . then shut your mouth and play the ! ! bob . right before bob yelling i looking over the sheet music for each song . something familiar to me . the legend of run laugh at me forever and a day . it t hit me until i read the fourth song title before the dark of dawn . wait a minute ! ! stop ! ! i said loudly . what ? they both at me in unison . let me see your lyric . i said . i reading the to the first song then the second then the third and so on until i read them all . i know these . i know these these are my i wrote these . i i want to know how you got my song and all our gear ? i at bob . nice try ! ! but that s not work on me but i will tell you anyway . . . i have been wanting no pun intended to get into the music business for quite some time you see i have been keeping a close eye on all of you even before you made your little with my . . . associate . bob said . i a plan and decided to take a trip up to the human world about three ago in search of a band to assist me in my plan . now i am too sophisticated to walk anywhere for any long of time . i a vehicle . so i a brick of cocaine inside a limousine that i saw on the street with the driver in it . i made a call he was and before that from the towing service could pick it up . i had a friend steal it . that was the guy in the other jail cell the driver of the right ? i . very good young man . i knew you were the smart one bob said . i drove around endlessly for about two human world time that is . i saw people trying to play different and failing miserably even you . hard sell . he said pointing at me . i saw you through your bedroom window trying to play from a book . you must have really . to know how to play since you re a beast now . you were not originally part of the plan but when i saw you i figured you would make a nice addition to it . a couple of days went by and i saw you again . you were wearing that ugly beat up jacket of yours with the we sold our for rock and roll . written in black marker on the back going into what you call a . . . mall . air guitar as you through the parking lot . i your jacket so i sent my . . . associate . . . to meet with you . after you sold your soul he returned to me and we drove down town . i soon discovered that you four were a band not a very good one but still a band when i you in some old warehouse down town and through a window . i knew i could use you as my steppingstone into the music industry . now to be completely honest which is something i rarely ever do but am doing now . let me tell you that you were not supposed to die that day that crash was not suppose to happen that was not part of the plan . . . that was an unfortunate accident . . . my associate was just supposed to stop you and offer you that deal . when you finally returned to the human world and out of your i knew i had to keep an eye on all of you . so i watched you from a distance . i saw you . pointing at me throwing all your stuff in the river . i saw you . pointing at hanging that banner outside your daddy s store . i saw the both of you . pointing at and weed from some street corner drug dealer . i saw you . pointing at breaking into your daddy s warehouse . i saw it all . i knew i had to get you all in one place in the human world for my plan to work . so you can imagine my delight when i saw the two of you pointing at and i meet up at that music store start hanging out and eventually arrive at that wonderful house you three pointing at and are at . i had nothing to do with that storm but when i that cacophony of noise that you call a jam session going on i knew i would be able to gain some leverage to use against you so that you would voluntarily come with me . i knew there were and alcohol in the house and that you would all be if the found out . who do you think in the noise complaint . once you were and taken away i knew you would need your gear as you call it in order for my plan to remain on course . so i up to the house and prepared to break in that s when i tried the door knob and it was unlocked . you should always lock your someone like me could be around . bob said sarcastically and then . i in saw all of your gear and the on the floor snapped my and sent it all here . i could have just snapped my and sent you all here as well which would have been easier . but i to put on a show . i m dramatic that way . after you were and taken to jail i the with all the put on a non threatening stupid outfit and into the police station and the rest . . . is history . if the driver was in the jail cell and you were in the back with us then who drove the . . maybe you are really that brain dead . bob said does the lone ranger go anywhere without ? does do anything with out shaggy ? the old man . . . your associate . i said . damn you re good . bob said . by the way i read all of your they were pretty good some of them but for the most part pretty good . i the music to save you the trouble from to struggle through it since none of you have ever wrote music before yes i know that too and to help speed my plan along . so technically one of you did write the just not the music . bob said . scuffed fine ! ! what plan ? . you find out in all due time . but for now i must leave you in the capable of here . i have to go torture someone i bid you all ado bob said then left . well that was fun . said now let s get drummer guy you re up . my name s dude said harshly . ! ! ! you re up ! ! don t we need to practice the first ? . you can if you want to but it s really not necessary if you can actually read sheet music you should be able to read along with it and play it accordingly . if you mess up we can record it from where you left off and i can piece it all together . haven t you ever been in a studio before ? . no ! ! ! we all in unison . the only one that to actually learn anything is the lead guitarist that would be you right ? he said . yeah i . you actually have to learn the whole entire piece because it will have to be all at once . he said you have plenty of time to practice and learn the before the tour . i sat down on the couch sat next to me . i through each page the . photographic memory remember ? i to get tired . i softly mumble to myself i want to stay awake . i felt a cold chill go down my spine and suddenly i was at full attention . what ? you re mumbling to yourself man . are you alright dude ? yeah i m fine . i m just trying to psych myself up . i . and were standing by the control board watching turn and press buttons as went behind the drum kit the on a small pedestal table to his right put on the headset his them together and did a warm up solo for a few . ready ! ! he said . hit the record button i assume on the control board the tape on the reel to reel machine moving and a recording sign lit up red over the entrance door to the recording room . tape rolling song take said into his microphone and gave the go signal to . surprisingly he the whole song in one take . that s a keeper ! ! said . this continued on until finished all . rewound the tape on the reel to reel machine took it off the reel put it in it s case it and put it on the control board . then it was s turn and he did the same . so did . all in one take . did the same thing with those . now mind you that they were catchy poppy rhythmic crap that repeated the same with a few change add and thrown in . with the the bass and the rhythm guitar all said we will have to wait until . . . he at his . . . here the to continue recording . i m ready now but can you tell me what solo you want me to play you know the title of the song . i said . everyone just at me even . you . . . are a . . . beast dude . yeah ! ! ! ! ! let s do it . his . i got up left my on the couch and into the recording room put on the headset took off my glasses put them on top of an picked up my guitar a pick and stood there . the first song and gave me the go signal . i that solo perfectly as well as the other . i back into the studio stood up clapped his and said i never seen anyone do that before you . . . are . . . a beast . did the same with my tape . anyway his all in one take as well a few and removing some to keep up with the timing of the song . added his tape to the stack as well . i never actually any of my sung before except for me singing them and that don t count . i was totally excited . anyway and what button to press to start recording and what button to press to end it and what to say at the beginning of them song whatever take whatever so he could record the keyboard . we all stood there looking through the window as he did . he up during recording a few times . it took several but he finally made it through all . i think he was happier than i was . anyway he into the studio that s a wrap he said smiling taking his tape off the reel you re all free to go . i mix all the together and present them to mister for approval . we will take care of the rest . your first album should be out in about a week human time . a week ! ! that s it said . it won t be long now . just go out this door take the first elevator on your left i think the one with the up arrow and you be back in your world in no time . it was nice to meet you . bye ! ! he said high us all . later dude see you later thanks a lot man peace dude bye we all said as we out of the door and headed to the elevator which a lot further away then it was when we first it . anyway we were about to finally reach the elevator when i i left my glasses on the amplifier . how i t realize it until then is beyond me . anyway i ran back to the studio and slowly open the door to hear what like s tape being backwards and what like speaking but it was too low for me to hear what he was saying . i the door open a little further to see but he t the that i knew . sitting in front of a portable reel to reel machine with his back to me speaking into a microphone was this huge muscle bound colossal of a creature wearing s clothes . well not really wearing them as they were torn and hanging off of it s body . the creature formerly known as was still speaking in s voice how that is even possible is beyond me but it was . it had red white transparent skin . i could see all of it s and inner through it . it s back had large white pointy from its spine . the back of its head shown that it still had s hair but also had white spiked from either side of it . i could now hear clearly what the creature was saying . . . come give yourself freely to the prince of darkness for he is your new lord and savior . fall to your and relinquish your soul . destroy all that is good . deny all that is righteous . give praise to the one true master the almighty all powerful satan . now i had of back before in an interview done by one of those people . you know who they were . . . right ? in case you don t they were a bunch of . . . as blackie lawless lead singer of wasp said on their live . . . in the raw album a bunch of who had nothing better to do then to take aim at hard rock and heavy metal music for it s sexual suggestive and sometimes violent . i guess they never to any twitty you know that old country singer . if you want to hear what i m talking about just listen to a few of them . anyway they also that there were hidden satanic that could be if a tape or record was backwards which is what they back . they are the that are responsible for all the warning that you find on nowadays . i always thought it was . but at that very moment i knew . . . i was wrong . what the ! ! i as i did so the creature turned around and i could finally see it s face . it had big dark black that blinked sideways sharp pointy similar to mister two little where the nose should be a mouth that from ear to ear and what to be in inverted cross into the middle of it s forehead . but the most up part about the whole thing as if that t weird enough is that the creature was wearing s glasses . it let out a high demonic growl showing a mouth full of black rotten broken human teeth . it s breath smelled like burnt flesh rotten potatoes and foot sweat . i could smell it from where i stood . it swung it s arm out as if to try and grab me then at me from it s sitting position . i in fear as i quickly turned around and the door behind me . those glasses i get a new pair . i thought as i running down the hallway screaming . i the cracking sound of wood breaking and the loud thumping sound of the . i turned my head as i ran to see this thing chasing after me . lucky for me this thing was incredibly slow . hit the button get inside hurry i to the as i ran as fast as i could to the elevator . the elevator bell the door the four of them ran inside screaming after obviously seeing the creature behind me . i was still a good distance away . ! ! hurry up ! ! run ! ! c mon ! ! they waving their arms for me to hurry up . the elevator door to shut just as i it . i barely through the as i got in and fell to the floor scrambling to get to my . just before the door closed completely one of the arms came through the opening just away from us . the door closed cutting off the arm as it fell to the elevator floor floundering around like a fish out of water and a dark green blood like substance . i hello to whoever is reading this . yesterday i posted the transcription of the first entry of an audio diary on a phone i found . no one me yet no one told me anything so here i am again . i want to ask for your help please help me share this so we can find her family and tell them what . i can t bear any longer to be the only one to know this when i go to sleep i keep getting thinking about what she had to endure . wherever you are i m sorry for everything . audio so i well i guess i decided to keep a diary or something about me and this island . i m doing this in hope to not go crazy . it s been a few days since i my last message and i m still stuck on this island . my are for the moment at least i think . thank god mike on more food we . . we made fun of him for being so safe but in the end he was right . i miss them so much . i hope you re i really do . i t went inside the island yet and to this point have no intention to . during the day it s pretty silent too silent now that i think about it . no animal no nothing well except for the . from time to time i can hear weird like something huge growling screeching and . they don t seem to be near me though guess i m lucky at least to that regard . at night though . well at night they get and closer . i think i slept like last night they were closer then usual . i m . i m really my . . well let s call it a shelter though to be honest it s more a mix of i from the of what used to be our boat leaves and . i made it like something you would find in a survival video game gosh i really miss video . i keep it at this for now . it s true that i have a solar charger but i don t know how long it will last it s pretty cheap after all and i want to make sure that if i can somehow find signal to reach out for help my phone won t die on me . i make another one tomorrow maybe i m still not sure about this we see . dad i love you . audio this one was pretty hard to transcript . is crying and sobbing plus she extremely distressed i done my best to put it together as best as i could . my shelter is gone everything . last night i was near the water and those those came to my camp and throw everything all over the place . they took almost all my food and some of my i can t stop thinking that what remains of my few could been me . if if i were sleeping i . . i would be dead i don t want to die i don t want to die . dad someone . help me . . audio hey it s been a few since my last recording . i m calm now . i tried to scavenge everything i could from the remains of my little shelter i have food for more or less days if i m really really that i need to look for more or well yeah . also here it s not safe so i need to move anyway . this going inside the island and i hate the idea it s where they live . i try to go around the island first i don t know why i t think about it before to be honest . maybe i find the if they made it they should be somewhere on the beach right ? maybe they re safe and looking for me . maybe i meet again . gosh i hope so that would be awesome i m so tired of being alone . anyway if i can t find anything i try to get inside the island the to be more active during the night so it should be to go with the daylight at least that s the theory . i should be going now can t waste more light i don t want to be found here at night they re on me . last time i was lucky and i don t want to test my luck again . dad i love you i will come back to you i promise . the following is the audio yet at the last one for today audio i found something really disturbing while i was going around the beach . i for more or less and i into a cliff a huge one . at first it like it was a good place to hide since it some i could use as shelter i t prepared to see what i found . on the top of the cliff there s a black rock tall . it s completely out of place there s nothing black on the cliff or that it in any way . i t went close to it but from where i stood like there are some sort of or something like that and maybe i it but it like it s sweating ? like some sort of dark red goo . i don t want to go close to it but it s getting dark so my only option right now is to go on a cave to rest i m really tired i really am . last night i t sleep at all i was too after those my camp . only thinking about them me . no sign of any piece of the boat or food my are extremely limited so even if this place is safe i still need to find something to eat or i starve . maybe i fish something ? i never fished once in my life but i did watched one of those survival series on hopefully it me something . i saw some down the cliff they re the only kind of i so far my theory is that every inhabitant of the island is like me of the but if there are maybe they don t go in the ocean so they feel safe . this would explain why i was safe for the last days and they t come to me while i was in the water yesterday . if i m right then this cave is the best place to hide . even if that rock me the i don t really have a choice right ? oh yeah one last thing before i go . i need a name for those . i t see them directly because it was dark but from their i think i call them yeah . i m an idiot now i m even more why would i give them a name so scary ! ? ugh well for tonight i just rest tomorrow morn oh god oh oh no did it that ! ? it was so loud ! i don t think it was close though i hope so . it was different from the more profound i felt my trembling . whatever did that sound must be enormous . what the is wrong with this island ! ? for real man . give me a break i i . the audio going for another hour but other then well that creature roar from time to time you can t hear anything else . my theory is that she from tiredness or fear . . . poor girl . that thing the living out of me through a recording i can t how that must felt for her . if you knew please contact me . i m a . you maybe seen me around here and there and helping out where i can . i been a for about now and it s been one of the most enjoyable i had with an community . i consider the other of the team to be my i d even say they re like a second family to me . but now after what i discovered i m not sure what the truth is . i had never thought twice about being a here or even how i one in the first place . it s been so long i had just assumed they my application and chose me . that i did the on here that we were to do and officially joining the team . and that was all there was to it . it t until u made her post talking about a strange file found on her computer one she t remember making that i to question my own . at first i thought maybe this was all some kind of a prank to mess with the because clearly i would have the she how could anyone forget something like that ? but there was a part of me that had that t sure what to really believe . and i to find out the truth . i decided to go looking through my own if only to prove that i t crazy just simply . i keep all of my organized in a very specific way deliberately and so that they re easy to find when i need them . i also make sure to remove that i no longer need not wanting to take up more space than necessary . which is why it came as a surprise to me when i found a file that i was certain i had never seen before it had taken a while to find buried within multiple generic starting first with activity " then leading to social media that had its own separate for various like twitter and of course . i usually keep these filled with or of anything interesting i find so nothing was out of the ordinary there . but i had this nagging feeling about the folder that i t shake so against my better i on it . there were several inside that one all with different as i said i m very specific so i scrolled down until i found the one titled " which is when my to kick in . there were many dating back over the last or so each by their own so i instinctively for the one from june of this year the month i a . when i it only a single file was inside a document titled . reading the name i t have thought much of it just another generic file that i had saved at some point . but with the knowledge of the previous s post hanging over me this one stood out because i could not for the life of me remember making it . and once i got a look at the contents i understood why i did make it i just wish i t . in a way this file was somewhat similar to what i had read similar in of dealing with memory loss and control . but it was also so much different from that . because in this document i t training anyone i was the one being trained . the thing is i have no memory of these taking place but i can tell that i wrote this out myself . more importantly i can tell that the way i wrote this was definitely not meant to be a joke . i tried the other about these if anything familiar to them but much like with u they either remember nothing or have decided to tell me nothing and i m not sure which is more terrifying . with permission from u cmd i have decided to share the contents of the file i found in of out what the hell to me back in june and what is apparently still happening to me now . i need before i completely lose my mind or worse . here is the document in its entirety i have no idea where i am or what just . one minute i was in bed through on my phone the next i was being forcefully taken from my apartment and into the back of some cargo truck without explanation . i t see anything but i could hear other people around me their and too loudly in the confined space . the truck moving once i was inside and the only thing i could do after that was try to hold myself together . the last thing i was to give these people any leverage over me i to let them see just how afraid i really was . when the truck finally stopped the back flung open bright fluorescent blinding us as we were out one by one . there were about a dozen of us in total together in what like some kind of an empty warehouse or facility . looking around i t find anything to tell me where i was nothing i could identify . just a large empty space with that were too high to see properly and we were all now locked inside of it . i t help but feel an overwhelming sense of claustrophobia start to creep in . for some reason they let us keep our on us . probably because there s no signal in this place no way to call for help the only thing i can access is the not that it will do me any good . i put my phone away and watched as the in the group searching the place trying to find a way out but i could tell it was no use . the people who took us knew what they were doing they d have this place on already . it was pointless to waste the energy especially if we might need it later on . suddenly a pair of and the people from in the room once again . we all towards them as they stepped out and curtly informed us that the probation period had begun . that s when it finally for me the . the or whoever works above them whoever s them are responsible for this . they were crazy enough to actually kidnap people in the middle of the night and now i was trapped in this place with the entire lot of them . all i know now is that i need to find my own way to get the hell out of here alive . update i swear the cell they re keeping me in like it s shrinking every time i blink but i think that s the lack of sleep getting to me . i read somewhere that sleep deprivation can have some seriously negative side effects but it s much worse than i ever would have it to be . the first night we got here they all of us after some time had . they d taken me through a long corridor empty of anything or anyone else making me wonder where all the had gone to . was this initiation going to be different for everyone ? i was afraid to find out . after walking for several we stopped outside of a room and i was unceremoniously into it the steel door shut and the lock behind me . it was tiny and cramped with only a small bed in the middle of the room . had been in every corner near the ceiling blinking red to let me know they were watching . an even smaller closet like room was on the farthest side of the cell the only area with a semblance of privacy . i found a toilet and sink to the ground inside but nothing i could use as a weapon if . it there would be no getting out of this place any time soon . i t know how long i d be kept in here but it was already too much to deal with . i remember i had tried falling asleep only to be up by a loud siren into the room . my shot up to cover my but the noise was far too loud for that to be effective . every time i would begin to doze off the alarm would sound again and again and again . i got the picture after that they literally did not want us to sleep . after the fourth night or maybe the fifth ? sixth ? i can t be sure they switched it up to blasting me with freezing water that to rain down from a solid ceiling as if it out of nowhere for this specific purpose . once it finished its job of waking me up the water would disappear and the ceiling solid again . the whole ordeal was so i t make sense of any of it . but there s another thing that even more to me . in between the of and ice i been put through they some strange sound bite on a loop over the some kind of chanting . i have no idea what it s actually saying but if i had to guess i d say it s being spoken in ? maybe ? it s not something i m eager to figure out yet . update i can t tell how many days ? ? have at this point . everything blurred together and the lack of sleep is only making worse . and then of course there s the yes the that be have gotten more creative with how they keep me awake . instead of or hypothermia they tossing actual at me . the first time it i t prepared for the thing whatever it was . it got the jump on me its long spindly hold of my body and its needle like teeth sinking deep into my arm . i loud enough you could probably hear it a mile away if not for the room s suspected soundproofing . i and and at it the best i could while a mixture of black colored goo from its wounds and my own red blood covered the front of my body . as it pinned me to the ground i was convinced i would die then and there . right at that moment out of the corner of my eye i saw a machete like weapon appear another thing that to materialize out of thin air for this purpose only . it made no sense none of this made sense but i it with my free arm anyway and swung lodging it deep in the creature s skull . it froze on top of me as more black blood against my face and in an instant it along with the weapon leaving me with more terror and confusion than i had ever felt in my life . i cried in relief at first which then turned to dread because i knew this was far from over . that fear ate away at me as i for whenever the next horrible exercise would begin . after the first time it to get easier at least for a little while . i was those to appear so i was able to fight them off than before . eventually stopped providing me with at all and i would be forced to fight these with my bare ripping up my in the process . but even that got easier over time too . i guess a little too easy as wasted no time up for me once i got the of something . now every day is a different creature i haven t seen before a different horror i have to fight off . sometimes it s physical but other times the torment is strictly psychological breaking me down all without laying a hand on me . and all the while that chanting t let up . they want me numb to this that s the only explanation i can think of . i don t know yet if it s working or not . part of me actually it is . update i don t know how long i been here . i don t know how long i continue to be here . i think time is passing differently where i am much than it should be making it feel like have instead of only days . and i m not sure how much longer i can take it . i can t sleep i can t eat i can t think about anything except the they expose me to day after day after day . . ice . creature . chanting always with the chanting ! it s become a routine at this point it s . it s the worst thing imaginable and it s the only thing i have to look forward to . maybe i lost my damn mind . maybe this is actually hell . i don t know i just want it to end when will it end ? update i think i finally accomplished what they from me . i don t sleep . i don t feel afraid . i don t feel anything . don t matter here . all that is the job . all that is the sacrifice . i am ready to be to this cause . update today i have been informed that my probation period ended and i have been successful in it i am officially a moderator of r . only a handful of us in the end the rest to whatever individual they . i m told they t strong enough but their sacrifice will not be forgotten . the who made it will make sure of that . i was from the facility and returned to my home with a final message that i will be with further regarding the moderation team . and then they were gone leaving me standing alone in my apartment silently wondering about everything that had over the past month had it really only been a month ? was any of it real or did i imagine it ? did i lose my mind after all and i just haven t figured it out yet ? but no it was real i know it was the bite on my arm from the first unholy creature i fought the scratches the the broken from subsequent after is all proof of that . i can see more evidence when i look at myself in the mirror when i see my pale sunken face the monster s black blood still against it . and when i see my bloodshot surrounded by deep and dark from the forced sleep deprivation god i can t even remember the last time i slept . i m not sure if i ever peacefully sleep again after this . maybe it s shock but no matter how hard i try i can t make myself feel the fear i had before what i felt while those were happening to me . all i feel now is emptiness an emotional void that i can t break out of . i guess that was the point though to be a good moderator you have to be numb to this sort of thing you have to be objective your mind to be clear . you simply cannot let anyone s post get to you . if that s what they from us then it like they . the problem is when i try to remember the specific it s like a fog to cover them . i can feel my becoming more and more hazy as the pass and i think i figured out what s happening the people who did this to me the in charge of all of us they re trying to make me forget . because what would be too dangerous . so i m this out to keep a record . in case something else to me i need somebody to know the truth . for any future who try to join the they need to know what to me to all of us . i have to get this warning out before it s too late because as the last of those slip away from my mind only one of them remains constant a single phrase that to echo in their place h i c o m n e v e r u m e t i a m s i s u u s n o n . i have since figured out i am not alone in this . part part i stare in horror as open the cardboard lid of the box to reveal nothing . the box is empty . xb one of the sides become partially disconnected from the whole and a strip of the deep red carpet is visible from the inside . my dart to the tablecloth beside it . it down almost to the floor . . . . and it . xb i step to the side at once . drawing s gaze away . this is just an empty box ? she looking up at me . um yeah . exactly . it s just taking up space in the storeroom so i thought i d get rid of it . no we can use this . take it back . and then seriously get yourself home ? you it . i force a half smile . right . do you have that limb i for by the way ? and the to the freezer ? oh ah no . i into on the way there and she the layout better than me . where everything is and such so she to go down instead . thought she might as well . she said she d take it straight to the kitchen . there is a tense pause . one of our at something on the opposite side of the restaurant . the sound is low and wet . . alright . she at the box as she turns to take her leave and i nod in response . xb and we re in the clear . for now . i allow myself a breath then squat down to pick it up . i be back for you i mutter when my face is beside the tablecloth . stay here . and i dutifully carry the box back to the storeroom already racking my brains for a new plan as i do so . my back is slick with sweat and my shirt sticks uncomfortably to my . i try not to think about either of the table s kicking suddenly out and striking the girl that below . xb what the hell gotten into you ? you be lucky if you ever make it out of here alive let alone with the girl too i could just leave . i could just walk out and hope that she the to make her own escape . i could choose to forget all about her . i could and yet i can t . xb i run my through my hair . xb the game is still in play . xb i need an excuse to stay . i take one of the empty from the nearest shelf and return into the restaurant . i really need a glass of water or something . i m starting to feel light headed as all hell . the couple at the table that the girl are thankfully nearly finished . i head over hanging back until the second that the woman the final chunk of red brown meat into her mouth . her tongue slithers out and her finger clean along with her wrist and the lower half of her forearm . finished up ? i ask hastily clearing away the on the table before i can get a response . yes the man rubbing his belly . the of his suit fade steadily in and out across his semi scaled skin . delightful feast . he hungrily me in as he . anything else i can get you ? i ask as . silently praying for a no . no the man looking at his companion . i think we re done here . that be all . right i reply . i i may have been a little hasty with my clean up and slow down significantly waiting hovering by the table to see if the disgusting are going to get up and leave but instead they decide to enter into a conversation . table and empty in hand and hovering suspiciously as i am i have no real choice but to return the to the kitchen . i don t really know what i m doing now . maybe i could hide ? perhaps ? or insist i want to stay ? help the girl escape when the restaurant is less busy ? she s so close so close to the exit for now though if the currently sitting at her table would kindly off that would be a good start . i push through into the kitchen . i am hit by the wave of sticky warmth . a large chunk of unidentifiable meat slowly over the grill sizzling and dripping heavy of grease as it turns . and there the waitress . holding a plastic shrink wrapped arm . with the chef . what the is this ! ? we need a leg not a bloody arm you dumb ! he bellows over the counter and into her face . xb oh . that s right . the kitchen a leg . what did i ask to retrieve from the freezer ? did you ask her to get a leg or an arm ? . i definitely her to get an arm . there s a joke in there somewhere . my mind . you idiot . you this whole operation right up haven t you ? what are you going to do now ? i stand there in the doorway like an moron . tray in hand . the two engaged in the argument have not yet my presence . look the waitress her three in defiance . i m just following ? said ! ? ! ? since when did you take from that ! ? you know there s really no need for you to swear so much . you re not anyone . s sake ! he if you want doing the in the chef s arms bulge as he his teeth tearing off his apron and round the counter snatching the and the plastic wrapped arm from s as he does so . i step quickly to the side and avoid his gaze as he past me muttering angrily under his breath . i put the tray on the side ready to be sorted and and eye contact with me . she out her arms in exasperation . what the hell ? she . she pretty off to be fair . i wince and mouth a sorry to her . xb she her head but to my great relief nothing further . xb don t mind a heavy hand on the waitress s shoulder . actually there was one other thing . um down in the freezer she around then as if unsure as to whether it s wise to share her information . but she him closer . she something into his ear and that all too familiar fear a swift and unwelcome return to my gut . oh god . did she see ? did she notice the missing girl ? already ? did you even remember to relock the room you found her in ? i m not so sure if i did . s meet mine and i feel the colour drain from my face . it s almost like i can see the and turning in his head . xb there is a long and strained pause . the of and reverberate through the of steam all around . xb the chef . he from across the kitchen . another pause . yes ? ? i reply . he to a dish at the end of the counter . might have you but this is my kitchen . take this order out and then you re done for the evening . table twenty . blood in my as i step closer . heart hammering . his gaze as i take the plate in hand along with the order slip . table twenty ? but this table twenty . and i nod carrying it out and into the restaurant without another word . table twenty it is . i never been good under pressure . as you probably . this t the way i do . i do what i m told as neutrally and as dispassionately but not disrespectfully as possible . boring . keeping under the radar . it s worked fantastically well so far . and today well today i might well have screwed all that up . save the girl . you have to save the girl . you told her to stay put under the table and she you . you can t abandon her you won t . you have to save the girl . i try not to think about what my shift is going to be like tomorrow . if i even make it to tomorrow that is . i can t bear it . what s the best case scenario for you here ? the girl you get home safely and what no one she s even missing ? it s never ? i snake my way through the restaurant to table twenty . it t take long it s right at the back of the room by the same wall that the kitchen . i do my best to hold off the wave of impending panic . of course they notice she s missing . they absolutely notice . it like they already have . but no one you were down there . will get the blame . she s the one that went down . though t he . you saw it in his . he s got his already . are enough ? is that all it take ? would sell you out ? he s your mate ! sort of . . ? barely . he s a monster . you saved his job his reputation ! you re a human . he your kind and them up on a plate every single day . i feel sick . xb coming to a stop at table twenty i lower the down in front of the . hell . about time . you expect faster service in a place like this the saliva dripping from the of her mouth and onto her chest . her companion and forwards in her seat . one eye on me the other wildly round and down to the meal before her . two of cut shoulder . one with hock . i hope you enjoy . i stand up straight and turn to leave but the creature to my immediate left hold of my arm . not just a caress or a subtle grope but a grab . i freeze and stare at her immediately . waiter boy . this is not what we ordered . i hear a series of little as all their turn from their and fix themselves onto me . her jaw . the other patron with frustration . as i m sure you know we a great deal to guarantee our place here tonight . and i have so far been less than with the quality of service . of course madam my if you could just let me go of my arm she digs her in . i would like to speak with the owner please . . madam i m afraid that that s just not possible . it s rather busy tonight but i can go and speak with the kitchen to find out what s ? have they even our ? the other moaning as she a scaled hand across her belly . i i m not sure . it could just be a simple mix up if you could just let go of my arm and i can speak with the kitchen no . no if you won t get the owner then i want to speak with the chef . bring him out here . as i said it s a busy one tonight but i can definitely go and ask him bring the chef to me ! now ! madam . i steel myself and clench my jaw . gathering my courage i stare right into her face expression cold . release my arm . xb there is a strained pause . xb but to my relief she does as i say and reluctantly her grip leaving a pale and painful mark in my skin . i do what i can i tell her the back up in shaking and to the kitchen arm as i do so . the universe is against me tonight it would seem . i mull over the remains of my plan . i think i m going to just tell the girl to make a run for it . i act when i see her and claim ignorance . if she s fast she should be able to make it out of the front door in time . maybe i can help her move from table to table to get a little closer ? improve her ? it s not a great plan admittedly but i m running out of . i just want her out of the restaurant . i can t breathe here . my thought process is broken by the sight of back in the kitchen . he s holding the leg as and muttering to . i can t hear what he s saying from here over the but his are wild . he a hand over his bulbous head . the creature panicked . honestly i have to stop myself from a bitter and self sudden laugh . the plan i feel could not be going much worse . if already the missing girl as well then i really have no choice . i have to get her out now before they conduct a search . a hand out and mid sentence . he at me and down at the full of food i carry in my . what s the issue ? he . they claim that this t what they ordered . i put the of steaming meat back on the counter . they want to talk to you but i told them that since it was busy you probably t no he to my surprise . it s fine . i go talk to them . but simply down his knife and the chef back to the . keep running for me . i be right back . the creature to have had his put on hold but also rather to have been this temporary authority . he to himself but to work grunting to the other . a heavy hand on my shoulder as we walk back into the main lobby . i wonder if he can feel the of sweat that have through the material . get back to work for now . i handle this . stay sharp . stay sharp ? what the hell is that supposed to mean ? is that a threat ? i murmur in response and allow myself a breath as he me he off to the right to the problem table and i turn left to make my return to the one that the girl . the are standing up thank god . pushing their underneath and heading for the door . thank you the female and the male at me . they loop their arms as they walk the length of the carpet to the entrance and their squelch as they retract into their . i watch as their skin and through a wheel of their camouflage clothes of flesh shivering and creasing to give the impression of in the fabric . the female on a pair of and her four fingered are hidden from view . they push on out through the and then the beyond and into the evening cold and a little gust of cool wind is blown into the restaurant as they do so . xb just another couple out to dinner i think to myself . and the moment . xb i reach for the tip that they have left in the of the table and accidentally fumble the dropping them to the floor . i quickly and surreptitiously glance around then crouch to the ground to pick them back up . muttering through the tablecloth as i do so . they gone i whisper . and we re going to get you out of here ? i lift up the corner of the tablecloth to see the girl tight between the staring back at me wide eyed and shivering . on my signal you run ? i lift the tablecloth a little higher . you see the entrance ? she . on my signal you make a break for it . run for the as fast as you can and don t stop . get as far from here as you can you understand ? she again . . alright . i lower the table cloth again and stand up straight taking a step back heart pounding like crazy . everything to slow right down . i take in the general murmur and of the all around . the deep red of the restaurant and floor . the of and of across the . i take note of the bustle through the steamy to the kitchen at the far end of the room . and i that this is it . one way or another i have against my and am now for better or for worse going to have to deal with the . here we go . i glance down as the tablecloth . the edge up ever so slightly and i see the girl peer out from below . watching me . waiting for the signal . xb my heart . xb i clench my . . . xb and a voice bellows my name from across the restaurant floor . ! comes the roar . i turn to stare at its source as indeed does everyone else . it s . anger writ across his face staring right at me . silence . i stare at the chef in surprise . i don t know how to react . i don t know what s happening . i had it you hear me ! ? i had it with you you bloody ! movement in the corner of my eye my attention . from one of the adjoining and out into the restaurant . ? she . what s going on ? an accusatory finger at me from across the restaurant . all the in the room turn to look at me then flicker right back as the chef speaking . i have had it . i have had it with this incompetent waste of space . if i was given a penny for every time this screwed up i d be able to well retire tomorrow ! i m lost for . what the hell is he doing ? what s he talking about ? at me . she out her awkwardly and to calm the situation down . is an unconventional employee as we all well know . but he does his you haven t seen what i seen . the thing s a menace ! i want him gone . do you hear me ? gone ! i m sick and tired of him in my kitchen so it s time to decide ! it s either him . or me . xb like a bolt of lightning . xb don t you see ? don t you see what he s doing ? he s an act ! he s giving you your out . he s going to bring an end to your contract ! he s setting you free . i stand there gaping . unsure how to respond . xb a patron up from his seat . it s the scorpion man the one with the and the fly like . he the two arms of his side right at me . this human saved my life ! he bellows . i don t care what else he might have done he s more than his place here ! you can t fire him you can t ! the female that my wrist at table twenty in turn . he s incompetent ! what else can you expect from a sack of flesh ! ? can their kind even read ? get him out ! chaos hold . more of the jump to their . are to the floor as the in volume he s nothing but polite ! i t give a damn about his bloody background ! it down the tone of the restaurant him here ! it s a disgrace ! he should be sacked ! how am i supposed to focus on my meal when i can see him strutting around his scent right next to me ? it s maddening ! xb now . the moment is now . xb again shouting and and drawing much of the attention of the room as he does so and i look down at the raised edge of the tablecloth before me . i look at the girl . i look into her . go . i murmur . xb and she does . xb like a hare she from the tablecloth and across the room . the red of the apron that her is close to the red of the carpet and amongst the havoc she is not particularly obvious . not obvious at all . i watch her go with unblinking and jaw tight . i watch her push through the entrance and then through the beyond and out and away into the night . and then she is gone . xb the girl . xb and i breathe . xb but i am not the only one who saw her go . my meet s . his face through a quick and passionate cycle of . confusion . surprise . indignation . anger . then bitter amusement perhaps . . ? maybe even a little guilt ? he his jaw . he his . alright ! i think that s quite enough ! her wobbling . hush to the restaurant the settle awkwardly back into their and she turns to me . my leave s and meet with hers . . tell me . how long have you been with us ? about a year now ma am i reply . she . xb we listen to the wind whistle beyond the . xb and you us well . from my perspective at least . as understood by the of our contract i had been you would continue to work for us for a further few but she a look over to . but i can t lose my head chef . i just can t . so unless you d care to change your mind ? the look from me to to . the tension like a great weight in the air . xb please mate i think to him . come on . just let this one go . please . let this one go . xb . then he and a hand over his head . i just want him gone . get him out of here . i let out a breath . in that case bitterly your contract is hereby . thank you for your service . the sign on the door and its across the of the restaurant collapse at once . they fall from their as if by a great force and shatter against the carpet dissolving instantly into nothing more than piles of dust . xb i watch as the of every single creature in that restaurant dilate as one . xb i edge towards the door taking off my apron as i do so and hanging it over a nearby chair . i understand i reply in a shaking voice . i look to . i understand . still facing the room i back up and out of the door . i murmur as the nearest hungrily lick their . saliva at the of their as their peel back to reveal the of grey green blood teeth behind . i push out into the cold of the winter s night . xb and i run . xb i run the away . xb and i don t look back . xb xb xb xb thus my time as the only human employee of a restaurant for . and yes before you say so i know that they t technically as such . or do i ? because the i in that terrible place all had their own unique set of monstrous they all the and the and the semi scaled skin but they also a myriad of strikingly human . and not just physical either . i haven t written off the possibility that they were once . or something like them . long ago perhaps . food for thought . if you pardon the pun . xb i saw the girl again shortly after my final shift . she was happy to see me . her name s by the way . i roughly the story she gave to her and to the police though i dressed the up as people rather than flesh eating . the place was within the day but there was nothing there . just an empty and run down old building in ruin . had the restaurant always like that to the untrained eye ? was i simply unable to see it for what it truly was now that my contract had ? or had the restaurant on to somewhere else in another city perhaps ? i do not know . i may never know . xb but as i stand here now on the edge of the street coat drawn about my and can of petrol by my i think perhaps that i do not particularly care . as the sun on a new morning i watch the building go up in . i watch the fire dance in the . i watch the roof collapse in on itself with a burst of thick black smoke . i am free now yes . but the knowledge of this place of will haunt me for the rest of my life . i do not know where they acquire the for their . i had assumed that they had a farm of at some hidden location maybe . the girl s swift return to her family in the city however threw some doubt over that theory . i wonder why chose to allow me to leave . why he chose to stay silent when he saw the girl escape . i m thankful for his decision don t get me wrong but it me that i am no longer able to consider the i with as simply in black and white . they were of course . and yet xb and yet . xb i shake my head . i was around them for far too long . far too long indeed . i pick up the empty can of petrol and walk on into the bright and sparkling dawn of the day . there s work to be done . xb i need to find myself a new job after all . xb the first thing i remember is the surface of that disgusting oily water wading to the shore and up the slime . i t immediately turn back t want to so quickly gaze upon the horror i had just barely to escape . i her through the water collapse onto the beach and expel the filth from her body . we both knelt there naked heaving and and in my case at least sobbing just our of everything . when there was nothing left to get out and my mind had a bit i turned around and immediately wished i t . there rising from the far of the water was a thing whose immensity everything around it . it was colossal unrivaled in sheer cloud piercing height and imposing bulk and all of its many terrible torso positioned antennae were fixed on the two beach laid below it . it even blocked the sun and cast a soul sinking shadow onto the beach . from its monstrous conical body extended uncountable waving and thrashing about each than the of those few human around the world . its body was vaguely ophidian in structure and colored by a seamless single tone blackness and the oil we had and up was endlessly from its many falling in thick ebon to the water below . the physically the of octopi but much were a shade of grey and the slime that from these was crimson and sludge like . thick and it fell into the ocean and formed a disgusting red film atop the water s surface . thankfully mercifully its head amidst the lower atmosphere shielded from view by the . a sound was continuously from that clouded space sending various water watching scattering towards landward safety . i had caught a glimpse of the head when one of its awful had us underwater and never before had i seen something so nightmarish so hideously inhuman and physically blasphemous . it was an affront to the idea of divine creation . all human of physiognomy cephalic classification and phrenology outdated and contemporary are woefully insufficient and when applied to that thing s sense visage . thankfully a school of some fish that i t had time to identify had swam by it in a panic the horror from us human prey . it had taken its time and devouring these lesser and we had made our escape to the surface . also turned around and seen the creature emerge swore loudly and tried to run away . but her body had been by the thrashing we d both beneath the water s surface and she only to stumble for a few before falling back down to the sand . i ' t even with trying to flee . i knew that i ' d been beaten and that i d rather die somewhat comfortably than in some desperate and futile exertion . in on whatever our body produced that they could receive the antennae directed the coiling towards us and the shot down with a terrifying quickness . was by one the length of a football field and immediately drawn towards the horror s body screaming insensately as she through the half mile of open air . several other of those greasy to receive her and i t have time to see her fate before i too was . a tentacle thick as a rolled up carpet wrapped itself around me and i found myself not just by the sensation but at s ability to scream during such a constriction . it had felt like a bit of my soul or mind was out along with the air and the retraction back to the main body was only in brief of blue the open sky and the loathsome red of the sludge suffused water . up until that moment i t really gotten a sense of the thing s smell but when right up to it i would gladly accepted the savage death by those bestial . it was worse than sewage worse than flaming excrement worse than the worst stench you could possibly imagine . this was a foul offense that could only arise from something that had since the formative days of the earth something that had dwelt amidst the ruin and offal of countless species and perhaps even undiscovered sub aquatic . its horrid smell could only have correlated with its immemorial age . delirious drained and physically i for the ultimate doom that could only come from this oceanic nightmare . i had to hear s by this point and assumed that she had been to death or or brought to some greater height to be eaten as an assuredly unfulfilling appetizer . without vocal warning i was brought closer to its body and the proximity to that noxious emission alone nearly fried my mind . one of those antennae than my entire body towards me and went about some assuredly sinister assessment . a few during which the tentacle s grip t but t either and the antennae apparently satisfied returned to its general position on the body . i to be then effortlessly until i was no more solid than the putrid slime that slid down its skin . but to my complete surprise the tentacle s grip . but before i could even regard this as a good thing i was let go completely i t even had time to work up a scream before my body plummeted to the water s surface . it felt like i had fallen onto solid concrete . i was so by the face first collision that the pain to occur in every single cell of my body . i the excruciating sensation for only a second before losing consciousness but it had been the most awful second of my life . when i came to i was half submerged in water with my chest and face lying on the sand . it was nighttime and to have been for quite a while . i all the of nocturnal life and the air had considerably since my capture by the monster . initially i thought that my back had been broken in the fall to the water or by the tentacle that had me . i could not move and a brief moment of terror at the thought of helplessly if the tide should come in ever a bit more than it already had . but a few later panic fired my exhaustion body to one last moment of exertion and i found myself feebly crawling towards dry land . my progress was slow and a small crustacean to mock my as it casually by . i myself to rest when only my felt the licking of the . i laid on my side and could look back towards the ocean without much physical labor . near the rolled in softly with a rhythm that was almost in its regularity . farther out were calm bereft or any that a towering horror had itself and city of water . nor were there any sign of and although i t seen the creature and had been its cruelty i still from calling out for her . its baleful scrutiny and the more mundane death of i was filled with a sense of self preservation . i don t know exactly how long i had laid there but eventually i enough strength to rise and stand weakly . i as one in a trance not really thinking about anything beyond getting away from the water . a short grassy hill led up from the beach and upon this i came to a lot . there t any there and by the which had through every available crack there t been a car there for quite some time . the which had were faded and any lettering had been unrecognizable . i sat there simply by the first solid ground i d touched in what had felt like days . despite the cool water blown wind that occasionally brushed my skin i was not cold or at least not mentally aware of it . my body but i was sure that was the of my unrelentingly brutal experience and not some middling breeze . my skin was coated in sand a sediment armor that as a grim reminder of the of . when the moon had its fleeting sovereignty in the night s sky i rose to my my tired away the dirt and detritus from my body and down the lot towards the road that led away from it . i by a three wheeled shopping cart and aside from a few of crumpled paper i saw a tattered green t shirt up in its upper basket . i tied this around my waste to cover my more intimate . i had decided that my torso which the massive red mark left by the grip of that gigantic appendage could go without being covered for a little while longer . before walking onto the road and upon a direction to travel i took one last look towards the water and said a silent prayer for . i had only known her for a few a girl with whom i had connected via tinder and subsequently gone on a beach date shortly after . our ignorance of the entity that had sensed us from below hidden away in the abyssal had been her downfall . i would never brought her there had i known that we would be upon that the hellishly private beach . but the nearby community which i will not name for your sake ' t us about the creature s far reaching claim . a claim that extended beyond the oceanic to touch even the terrestrial domain of men . even though we had told a local gas station attendant of our destination he t informed us of the covenant made between his and that ageless monstrosity . no of warning were given no of other less hostile . that dark covenant ' s most basic stipulation was that men not defile those infernal with their or enter the blackly sacred lest they be as the fodder or property of the eldritch leviathan . in return for mankind s adherence to this property law the creature would not reach its landward and would feast on the plentiful supply of sea which it greatly . i was only made aware of this covenant days later after home and an extensive sleepless study of the intentionally lore of that land . although the exact of the creature are not detailed among the information i i did learn that the being is not of the earth and had fallen to the planet from some black vault of space well before mankind had the first and sticks with which to build its primeval . other of bleakly enlightening information i will keep to myself certain and that are better left to the arcane of this region . i am now left with a moral dilemma as to whether or not i should come forward with information about what to or to simply keep silent . i haven t been by anyone that to know her and the haven t me a visit either . if i do reach out to someone an investigation of that accursed land will surely be and who how many will be lost in the process . the world itself might even suffer the ire of that abysmally evil creature if people should continue to break the ancient contract that kept it at bay for millennia . even though i that once unimagined horror i will still be by the guilt of what i done . when i first out of my childhood home my mother was that i should get a plant for my new apartment . according to her taking care of a plant is the first step to becoming a responsible adult . i think she was exaggerating but i had nothing against the idea . besides the plant i got only water once in three days so it ' t really a chore to take care of . i set it in the living room right next to the entrance door . it was still small supposedly in a few it would grow tall enough to reach the door handle . i watered it once every three days like i was supposed to but other than that i ' t pay much attention to it . i was very busy other and for my new school so the plant quickly just a part of the background . that was until about a month into living alone . i was leaving the house to go get some and i that the plant had grown way too tall way too fast . it was almost reaching my shoulder . another weird thing about it was that some small growing on it which as far as i know where not supposed to be there . yet there they were five single petal like with a pale white tint . i on that we probably picked the wrong plant . a few days later i was in my room when i a thud from the living room which was soon by three more rapid . it like a pop corn machine which slow but then the start all together . i went to the living room to see what was going on and just in time to hear the fifth and last thud . it was coming from the plant the had grown from the size of a tulip to the size of an orange . i saw the last flower make a thud and turn big virtually in the blink on an eye . i got closer . the like the before but and if i ' m not mistaken the had a fleshy leathery texture . i to feel the texture of the pedal i my finger on one of those and sure enough it felt as if i was touching someone ' s skin . then the flower forward and my finger . i froze in terror i only snapped out of it when a burning liquid flooding the closed pedal . then i away my finger the plant had such a strong grip on me that i had to grab it by the stem and pull it away to release my hand . the burn was not serious but i was . part of me to grab a pair of scissors and cut down the damned thing but i also felt so fascinated that i ' t just kill this rare oddity . telling my or was certainly out of the question they would never believe me . i finally decided to do an experiment . i took a piece of from the and carried it to the plant with a pair of tongs . i to confirm whether the pant had some sort of digestive system or not . as soon as i got close with the meat the turned to me as if they caught its scent . i the meat above the flower that bit me and in just a few it and it like a shark . i could then see the piece slowly dissolve through the thin pedal . what was that creature ? the next day the plant had grown thorny all around it one of which was with the door handle . that ' s when i decided that i had enough of this freak of nature . i the pair of scissors i could find in the kitchen and for the door . the plant did not acknowledge my existence this time at least not until i snapped one of the . then it hissing loudly while the part was squirming on the floor and a sticky juice from the freshly cut area . as i was reaching for another stem to cut i felt a hot acidic liquid being all over my torso . my reflex was to jump away from the plant and take off my shirt which now had a gaping hole on the side . my felt like they were on fire i ran to the bathroom and myself with ice cold water . thankfully no acid made it to my face . the situation felt like a nightmare . i ' t call anyone for help and i ' t leave the house until i disposed of the plant . i figured that if i to get rid of it i a quick and deadly strike so it wont spray me again . so i went in the kitchen and made a pesticide with vinegar and salt . i then the plant bottle on one hand and pillow on the other to shield my face . once i got close enough i the contents of the bottle right on the . i then to the sound of hissing and what i swear like a gender neutral human moan . the plant was slowly withering . its now and had a brownish tint . the were on the ground not moving an inch . just to be sure i a bread knife and cut the main root of the plant . blood came out dark red human blood . and the cut stem had muscle tissue inside . to this day i have no idea how any of this . i up the mess i never told my or family about it and never got another plant . i must admit was relatively new to this paranormal investigation thing when this all . a self taught hobbyist for the most part but i had done a ton of research leading up to taking my investigative to the real world and trying to take on . i was not prepared for the complexity of my first case or for it to be as intense as it ended up being so far . a few back now i thought it would be a good idea to scour the message and to find something of interest . what i found me on this path . i came across these on a now defunct site that for whatever i can no longer find . it s almost as if it never at all . it was a desperate plea for help from what i could tell but luckily i took screen so i am able to transcribe it here for you now . maybe you have seen this post or experienced something similar and can help me to further my research . march th . help forum i am not even sure if this is the right place to be looking for help or insight but i am getting desperate . for the past few i have been a new to track my sleep and help with my journey into being fit and healthy . it all out relatively normal . i was getting my eight a night but not all of it was quality . no big deal . however there was a pattern showing that i had a few of restlessness every night . as more data was collected the that every single night i displayed of being wide awake for from am to am . over the past it gotten even more peculiar . the pattern of waking at am but then it was like my mind waking up and starting its day a good hour before my body it s time to get up . it been very awkward feeling as though i have been awake and but not actually being out of bed or moving at all . the that during this period i am more still that at any other point of the night . to make worse this last week i have been awake and trapped inside my still sleeping body . no more of doing . no more awake but not awake . it been the most horrendous feeling . two nights ago was the first time i saw her . she was a dark shadowing figure looming just over me with her face from my own . i tried to scream and wake my family but no would part my . i could feel her icy breath softly tickling my . her were moving as if she were whispering a secret but no sound was picked up by my . last night i felt here cold and clammy hand pushing down with intense weight on my chest . i tried to struggle free but it was no use as my would not respond . as i to move and get free or scream or do anything that might save me from the nightmare i thought i finally her . in low moaning hiss she whispered breathe ! breathe ! so we may feed . your breath for our feast . your soul for the beast . when i actually woke up this morning there were hand print like on my chest and throat area and a large scratch running from the corner of my mouth all the way to temple . i completely out and have only recently down enough to start trying to figure this all out . i have been trying all day to find anything i can on this shadow woman but there is nothing solid out there that quite right . i am to go to sleep . what if this is real and not just some sort of weird sleep paralysis dream . anyone else out there seen her or anything like her in their waking ? does anyone know where i might be able to find more information on this sort of thing ? i really wish i had never trying to track my sleep . this never before i this . i tried to reach out to the original poster and offer to assist in investigating what might be going on but never got an answer back . a couple of days later they posted an update . it t look good for them to say the least . it really got me wondering what it was that might be happening and why . march th . help forum i to avoid sleep thus far . thank you to everyone that out to sympathy or advise on what might be happening . it t been easy awake this long . i have never been one of those party animal that can stay up all day and night . this matter of fighting sleep been one of the of my life so far as i can remember but shear fear alone is doing one hell of a job making sure i don t just nod off . i am sure it is due to the stress and lack of sleep but i have been movement in the in my periphery . maybe that s not the right way to describe it . it s more like the themselves have been moving . they seem to be taking form in a way . there is a thickness to them that is troubling . it almost as if they have to take a sort of humanoid form . that s not quite right either . they are much too spindly and elongated to be human . they stretch across the and up the . throughout the house have been me all night along with the shadow in the dark . it s as if i am distracted by the in one area to mask the of my dark in another . i am almost certain it s just my mind on me but i am i might be fully losing my mind . all of this might be able to be due to my current sleep deprivation situation but this morning the . as the sun to rise i swear i the old woman s whisper coming from upstairs . i t make out the but they had a hurried and distraught tone . her were met with the deep growling yet wind like response . there was a hostility of in the . the exchange me of when my would fight when i was a child . each trying to express all the rage and anger they were feeling without the event to their child sleeping in the other room . like i t supposed to know it was happening . what could these possibly be fighting over and why did they want to hide it from me ? well now as i reread this and think more on the matter i am not sure if it were perhaps of those in my mind and ring in my as auditory . maybe i off for a moment . perhaps it was just the wind . it could have been the wind moving . as they sway against the roof each lanky arm scratching and scraping lifting and knocking tapping and screeching . each movement a symphony of eerie and disturbing . yeah that sense . it s the wind blowing through the and in turn the tree speaking out with its . that is the most logical explanation right ? i am getting so tired . i have never really thought about it before but i wonder how long someone can stay awake before their body just down and the slumber it . i supposed i have never had the occasion to ponder on the subject before now . i am so to sleep . i think i might venture out to get some energy and some caffeine . i don t think anything will be just yet . it could be that i should start thinking about myself into some sort of hospital or facility . i don t think they would provide the type of help i am looking for though . i don t really believe that any of this is simply happening in my mind . did i just my call my name from outside the front door ? it can t be . i want so desperately to go and look . i have her so much since she last winter . she was my light . she gave so much joy and purpose to the world . why ? why would she be here ? why now ? sleep my dear . you just need to get some sleep honey my mother s voice softly from the other side of the door . if you don t sleep soon i am worried you might be hurt dear the comforting voice of my mother my angel continued . i am losing it . this can t be real right ? i don t know what to do . i want to just give up . maybe it go away if i just get some sleep . if i surrender they might make it quick . no ! i can t surrender . i can t sleep . this is real . i must keep fighting . i have an obligation to keep going . what if this is happening to ? i owe it to everyone that i have involved so far to not give up . i need to spread my story . i just my window smashing in my bedroom upstairs by the scraping of furniture as it is dragged slowly across the old wood . it as if the window may have been broken outward as the of the glass fall like rain on the porch just outside the back door . i am getting the sense i am being surrounded . it as if the air is in on me . the sunshine to be getting dim . is that even possible ? it must be a stray cloud blotting out its for a moment . i am to look . i am to do anything more than sit in this chair in front of this glowing screen . there are now . i hear them upstairs and on the front porch . i them crunching through the leaves out back in the yard . they are slow and steady and feel as if they are toying with me . ! my battery is dying . i ' have got to go for now . now if only i could summon the courage get up and go to find the charger somewhere is the emptiness of the darkening house . i don t think i can move . i am frozen in fear except to share these and jump with each startling new torture whatever this is to bring down upon me . i m sorry that i brought any of you into this . if i make it through the day i will try to check back in with you and give an update . if you don t hear from me again learn from what is happening to me . sometimes it s better not to know too much about what in your sleep . i had out again but when i tried to follow up later that week the entire site was gone . i out to on some other message but no one to have of the site or recall it ever . i have for now and i can t find anyone calling themselves on any other or social media willing to cop to this been their post or some sort of prank . if it t for the screen i took i would almost think maybe i was crazy . the part that really me worried is that this morning i a sleep on my phone . i don t remember it and i can t delete it . i have to deal with it later . i am starting to get very tired . do me a favor if you ' re in a room where are being made find your and put them on . listen to the muffled of your house . a little different but you can still tell what ' s going on around you . now try with music on . you should at least hear low chatter maybe one of the loud ass window like i have . it ' s not like make you deaf . you hear . but the i hear with my new i ' t . where i live there is a place mountain top where people come together to eat funnel cake pretend to be interested in baby just to play with them and sell each other random . you get up at am drive to the top of this mountain and walk around in the heat for three leaving with a bunch of you never knew you . i through a trip ago with a full leg cast that but it was worth it because well i love funnel cake . after the funnel cake was past the point of delicious and on its way to the i was getting about ready to leave when i came across this headphone booth . of on tables . no no marking just black . in the middle of the center table there was a sign that said " " . " one dollar ? ! " i thought . " yeah i ' buy some for a dollar ! " thanks to my year old sister mine were in two so i decided it was time to buy some new and the table . i look around to find the person running the booth when i find a tiny old lady sitting lower than the table in one of those creepy wicker . her face completely void of emotion . she to be i don ' t know honestly and that ' s not a joke . do you know that weird grandma from ? this woman like that thing ' s month old corpse . also not to be but the fact that she even knew what were me . i her body creek as she stood and walk towards the table . her faded grey met mine as i for my wallet . " what was that chill i just felt ? " i thought . it felt like it scraped down my . even being away her breath made it to my nose almost causing me to vomit . the skin hung off her face like it ' t belong to her . as i handed her the one hundred dollar bill she it as she gave me a death stare like she was about to stab me in the throat ! i then handed her a one dollar bill and said i was just . it like she could use some joy in her life . she like she ' t in and had yet to she was not . she just and sat back down . i as our were still locked and then away not breaking the contact i love with people . my leg was sore the whole ride home . mountain top is not a place to go with a broken leg . now i know most of you probably don t care why my leg is broken but for those of you who are wondering i fell the ride back down the mountain was peaceful . my favorite part of the trip is always the view of the city below . " it t look that beautiful up close . " i thought before being out of my gaze by my sister ' s . i turn to see her squeezing the imaginary life out of her plush panda while wearing my new . not wanting them to end up like the last i reach back snatching them off her head not really what her problem is . she ' t seem to mind me taking them back so i put them in my bag and we the rest of the drive home . so apparently i t need the as much as i thought because i had forgotten i even bought the damn until the following weekend . i had the house to myself because well everyone else had and i m a socially retarded loser not really i just like to do all of my through a computer screen as i listen to music . unfortunately we were in the middle of a and my insanely loud window unit was running nonstop and t shut the up . " man i wish i had some . " i thought " i do have ! i bought them from that creepy old bitch at mountain top that ' t have a sense of humor ! " i my new and put them on to continue twitter with the clear and uninterrupted of classical music . or so i thought . when you re in a certain your brain can play on you . make you hear . everyone that . i t in that kind of . i had been trying for to crawl my way out of the funny cat video wormhole i fell into but damn the related are what get you . if the thumbnail is a kitten in a toy rocket ship i have to watch it . just as one cat did a triple because of a cucumber which i don t blame him for i hate them too when i the muffled of someone banging on the back door . not knocking banging like someone in a horror movie trying to escape a psychopath . a frantic and desperate pounding . i sat there listening to the door that like it was about to explode off its with fear . who would need to beat on the door like that ? everyone a key and if they lost it there is a spare hidden right beside the door along with or more around the house . i got locked out a few ago and had to go through a window my neighbor to call the thinking i was a burglar . i was wearing a ski mask but only to scare my roommate . if i m going to break into a house even my own i m doing it right . . after control over my body i slid my off just for the banging to instantly stop . without my the house was quiet . well except for the unit . i out the back door to see nothing but the light from the moon casting a slight glow through the forest . i check the on the and just in case someone did see value in my death then took my place back at my computer sliding my back on . just as the surrounded my the banging again . first the back door then the front by all the one by one the one which was two from me . the rhythm of my heart went from smooth " " to that " move bitch get out the way song " real fast ! i up causing the to be off my head and the banging to stop . " what the is going on . " after another perimeter check resulting in no i sat back down in confusion . " it s got to be in the video . " i thought . i rewound the video then unplugged the and . cat drinking water person cucumber behind cat cat cucumber cat does a high triple no banging . " am i going crazy ? " i thought . " that s the only explanation . one banging on the door but upwards of i don t know people banging on all and ? i ' to be going insane . " i down at the unplugged and then picked them up slipping them over my head . after hearing what like the breathing of a thirty year smoker i a voice whisper " let us in . " i read first i don t feel it . at first i m just a up corpse wavering in and out of consciousness . but then a jolt . a serrated bolt of lightning from the core of my being out to my . my feel electric . i m wide awake . i m not . i m wired . a dirty energy through my body . i feel a thousand filthy burn in my chest . the rush of power is so overwhelming so ecstatic that i can t help but to howl . like a wolf i call out to a moon that i know for me somewhere beyond the city . my nose might be broken and the feeling in my right arm might be gone but i am a raging walking god . screw you professor egghead ! i scream the bathroom mirror you can t get to me when i m awake ! you can t do ! i m the one in charge now ! there s a knock on the door . s security . they re saying they call the . i grab the baggie and bolt out the door . they re not chasing me but i don t stop running . i sprint through the old town of and let the history of the city envelop me . the place is like a thousand old and of cobblestone and and and blood and i am on top of it all . i am the apex predator . my heart like its about to jump out of my chest and my entire being with a will to live . it me a good minute to realize my phone is ringing . it s s father . hi just calling to let you know that i m on my way to the airport . t find any direct on such short notice but with a couple of i should be landing at around pm tomorrow local time . cool i say still running . no need to be in the house when i arrive . i still have s . that s great . i try to focus on the conversation but i can t . the of the city the fresh air the power boiling in my it s just all so infinitely more interesting . for a moment he s silent but then s father out a labored sigh . i m also calling to apologize for yelling at you . i t mean to get angry it s just that i love my son . when his mother it was a difficult time for both of us . went off to his own little world with his and i figured that if that s what he to do . . . i thought supporting during his move to would help bring back my son but i don t understand this business with the tape . i hope i will understand tomorrow look i just to apologize for yelling at you . and i also to thank you . for what ? for being s friend . he spoke very highly of you . another burst of euphoria through my chest . of course spoke highly of me i m a really cool guy . just as i m about to say something to that effect to s father however i accidentally up the phone . the man t call back . of the sad man disappear beneath the sheer enjoyment of my drug sprint . i stop at the clock tower . not because i m out of breath i could run ten if i to but because my nose bleeding again . i fish out some loose out of my jacket and contain the damage . of light . a group of of me . i m more interesting than the clock tower show . they all be telling their about the strange energetic man covered in blood they saw in s old town . i pose for them because why not ? you only live once . i don t forget about him . i know that somewhere in the near future i will come face to face with those rotting again but the thought t bother me . i just feel so good . an hour ago i was of falling asleep before sunrise . now i know that with enough i could outlast the nightmare for a hundred nights . the bell of the tower eight times . eight . that s when s father tomorrow . that s when that horrible tape will be out of my life . all i need to do is to keep myself for the next twenty four . with the chemical vitality coursing through my blood stream i don t have to cower in fear . i can prosper . a brave lady out of the crowd of and in front of me . she s pointing at me her face frozen in an exaggerated giggle for her husband s camera . i m sure her family back home would get a kick out of the picture but before her husband a chance to snap the moment into eternity i m gone . i sprint to the subway station . i feel more than i have ever felt in my life . i can t waste this boon of inspiration . i know what i have to do . the question of writing a book about my life was less of an if and more of a when question . as soon as i to i knew . i knew that i had a story worth to paper . barely anyone who i went to high school outside of . they t brave enough to seize life by its . they stayed home and working dead end and ugly . they let the comfort zone consume them . i t . i traveled far from home and left my comfort zone in the dust . as soon as i to that bright city of stone i knew that my life was going to get in a book the nose full of just gave me the extra push i . as soon as i enter the subway worth of about the unfriendliness of the start to rapid fire in my mind . the carriage is full of grumpy who all look like someone spit in their food . those tired the rumbling of the train it me but it also me . not wanting to let my burst of vitality be away by the grey surroundings i pop in my . i hope that the of the of will keep me . they do . they even get me moving . at first it s just a tap of the foot . as i take in the steady flow of music in my i can t help but tap along to the beat . but as the music as the rhythm of the turns savage my give up on restraint . i start along to the rapid fire buzzing in my . soon enough i m dancing . my nose bleeding again . the other step back in disgust but that just me more space to dance . my arms and move independent of conscious thought . my body a primal song to the break neck tempo of life . i stand in a steadily thickening pool of my own blood but i have never felt more alive . the music me towards a grimy rapture . i close my and follow it . applause . just as we pass the station i hear applause . for a moment i try to deny it for a moment i try to keep my closed and focus in on the powerful music in my . but i can t . i know he s watching me . i know professor egghead is nearby . the other of the subway have away to make room for my blood soaked dance but when i open my i see him sitting in front of me . his body is still an egg shaped abomination only vaguely a human his stubby from the train seat like malformed baby but professor egghead s are different . they are wide open and shaking . were first in by chemist the egg creature breathlessly as if he was a lecture in front of a firing squad yet it t until the second world war that they common usage . nearly all of the armed the of the miracle drug . without the blitzkrieg would be impossible . i shut my and turn up the music to a deafening volume . with my soul wavering between spine crackling ecstasy and soul shattering fear i dance . i stomp and i spin and i jump to drown out the professor s demented lecture . yet no matter how hard i try to ignore his high torrent of useless information i know he s there . i know those quivering yellow are watching me . when the subway at my station i burst out the door . for a blessed moment i am alone . through the dark streets the night air to wash out the sweat and panic out of my system but the moment of tranquility t last long . behind me i hear the brisk staccato of the professor s . he s moving faster than an egg shaped man ever should . production in the user s brain beyond the scope of any other activity or substance the nightmare as he behind me sexual intercourse the to cocaine and heroin increase the to the brain s production to . on a chemical scale there is nothing like the pleasure that is coursing through your right now . my are so numb i have trouble finding my . the the fear the pain a chaotic symphony of a filthy life in my threatening to send me down to the ground yet the toxic fire burning in my chest me . when i finally get the door of the apartment complex i jump in and slam it shut . the burst of euphoria from the usage of however its price the professor from behind the glass entrance to the complex . as i run to the elevator i pray that the locked door will keep him away from me as i shake in the elevator i even start to believe it yet by the time i reach my unit he s standing in the hallway waiting for me . what goes up must go down he that is science . i slam the door behind me . i lock it . i chain it . but it t matter . when i turn around the professor is on my couch lying on his side staring at me with his quivering . the side effects of usage were so severe that within a year of the war effort the high command restricted the for only the most dire of . the withdrawal effects left the i put my back in and head for my computer . the egghead the of withdrawal from my couch but i don t listen to him . i don t care about suicidal of psychosis . i can t afford to care about those . i only care about awake until s father . i open up word and stare at a white page . at first all that i can think about is the egghead at first all i can think about are the of horrible withdrawal he about but the dirty that burn in my chest flare up . a new overwhelming surge of energy through my body . i start . the on my right hand make but i ignore their folly . even though they shake and misjudge their they are attached to a mind burning with inspiration . can be corrected later the magical flow of creativity cannot be . as i weave gold on the page time into nothingness . i become the center of the universe . every step that i ever took back home was leading me to everything i ever did in the pointed me towards the paradise where i could become the version of myself . from my an artistic soul to be let out . my inner control . yet as i write about my zany in the heart of something else from my a headache . it off light as a simple itch behind my but soon enough it to a palpable strength . my nose to twitch . the withdrawal from usage are so severe that most will binge the drug just to avoid the comedown phase the egg shaped abomination s voice past my music but no one can run forever . what comes up must come down . that is science . the morning sun him as if he were a deity . his shine like two sickly . for a moment i believe him for a couple of my tiring heart i despair over the future that me . but then i do more . the rush is just as instant as before but i feel no need to vocalize it this time . i just go back to the keyboard and continue churning out my life story . as the fly by the room becomes far too bright . i shut the . i dim the screen . i let my work in the dark . whenever the headache to crawl back through my skull i reach for the magic powder but the pain is relentless and my are limited . by the time i start writing about all i have left is an empty plastic baggie . the headache it at any capacity my mind for clear . the base of my skull like its on fire . i m in agony . and i feel empty . i feel so empty . you will come back to professor egghead he soon enough you will be back in the supermarket . soon enough you be making the audience laugh . soon enough you serve me . even in the dark room i can see his . they shine with an indescribable madness . they shake with unbridled excitement . professor egghead always what he . no ! i yell partly for him but mainly to calm the fire that s starting up in the pit of my stomach i can do this ! i can outlast you ! when s father here you be his problem . professor egghead always what he he simply . i make myself another quadruple and turn on all the in the apartment . the sudden flash of brightness my and the coffee my tired tongue but the real pain comes when i turn on the screen of my . it s all gibberish . single spaced word of random and . the migraine the broken nose the soreness in my arm it all but it is the realization that i am a moron that is true agony . my one saving grace the one thing that me from just lying down and traveling to that horrid dimension of television static is the clock in the right hand side of the screen . . s father is already in and he is on his way to rid me of my egg shaped burden . briefly the thought of rescue my mind but a wave of exhaustion and pain precedence almost immediately . any shred of confidence i have ever in my life . the pass like a slug crawling through broken glass . every sound from the hallway is by a painful realization that s father is not behind the door . i find myself leaning back in the couch the drug running i in the night before . i struggle with every part of my drained being to stay awake . professor egghead opposite me smiling . professor egghead always what he he and then he . i yawn too . . his stop their frantic shaking . they still look sickly but there s a calmness behind them . he again . . come join professor egghead he his come and serve me in the name of science . . i rush to the bathroom and retreat to my filthy sink . the water is murky with blood and grime but i have no choice . bee crack ! my footing i end up my face on the inside of the sink . the porcelain but a string of warm scarlet blood through the pink water . i watch the blood flow from my nose unsure of how much sleep deprivation i can take . my body my question . . not a lot . i gasp for breath but immediately lower my face back into the sink . the world outside of the water is far too comfortable far too warm far too soft . i turn on the cold water tap and let a stream of frigid water cool the back of my head . it but the exhaustion dragging my body down t something that can be fixed . my sleepiness is terminal . . i stand by the sink taking deep and plunging my head under water as if i was trying to expand my lung capacity but my body to give up . i start to wonder what would happen if i never came up for air . i start to wonder whether professor egghead would haunt me past the grave . i decide to test the theory . what are you doing ? a kind voice before my face is out of the murky water are you trying to drown yourself ? please please don t do that . there is enough pain in the world already . his sad blue stare at me . in one hand s father is the side of my bloodied shirt in the other a pair of . what are you doing ? he his voice shaking . i have to extreme to escape professor egghead i say . he go of my shirt gently me hold myself up against the sink . his drift across the dirty bathroom . i see my reflection in the mirror . it t look good . did also do ? the man . no i say . good he . he s about to say something else he s about to ask me if i m but the in the back of my skull me there is no time for small talk . is in s room i say as i stumble past him . professor egghead is still sitting next to the couch his closed in a peaceful nap but i don t care . the only thing i care about is getting the that through my soul to stop . i crash down on the couch and try to conserve the little energy i have left . just watch the tape and get this egg shaped monstrosity out of my life . the man off to s room without a single word but he at the doorway . past the mist of my tired i can see him looking at me . thank you again for being s friend he . sure i sigh too preoccupied with the cocktail of agony and exhaustion flowing through my body . just watch the tape would ya ? i say trying to hold on to what little strength i have left . he the door and soon enough i hear the rumble of a familiar canned applause . i sit up . the in the back of my head . the single piece of good news my soul . the is gone . i m safe . the television next door with professor egghead s raving . as the studio audience and the sleeping manifestation of the egg man in front of me . he like a baby with some terminal disease that s a nice dream . briefly i feel like i might join him in the land of sleep like i might finally get some rest but a shout from the other room me awake . ! oh ! what have they done to you ? s father . the studio audience goes silent . ? can you see me ? it s me ! dad ! i love you ! dad ? i hear say dad where are you ? help ! i m ! the studio audience from the television . the sleeping egg man in front of me is no longer smiling . his disgusting are wide open . he t happy . without even looking at me the professor up from his sleeping spot and over to s bedroom . i am professor egghead ! he and these are my ! s father something but he s out by the wild clapping of the audience . for a moment the whole apartment is filled with of laughter and applause but then with an electric pop ! everything goes silent . i lie on the couch staring at the in the ceiling wondering if its all over . when i close my there is no . when i close my i feel like i am alone . when i close my i feel like i can rest without becoming a character in professor egghead s . the of sleep invite my tired soul to rest and i am more than willing to enter their soft kingdom but i don t . past the exhaustion and pain and withdrawal there s still a part of me that is holding on to wakefulness . it s the part of me that closure . i shamble my way over to s room . the tape is on the opening shot of the fast food restaurant . still behind the counter wearing the red uniform he wore before but he calmer . i grab the remote and press play . the still don t eat their . the line still t advance . the audience still in the walking nightmare with excited applause . i am professor egghead ! the egg shaped abomination from the television i demand the grilled carcass of an animal between two of wheat ! i must receive nourishment before i indulge in the science ! i m sorry sir like he did before there are other if you just wait your place in line there are no other than me professor egghead ! the professor as he down the innocent to their death i demand flesh and bread ! i demand fuel for my body so that i can commit my mind to science ! please sir don t hurt the other . i will destroy all that is in my path in the name of science ! bring me a feast worthy of a philosopher king ! by the time the mad scientist is standing in front of the is visibly shaking but he still to get his out . . egghead what can i get you ? i am a professor ! the egg shaped man i have all of the in the world ! my are lined with that you have never even of . i have my life to the pursuit of knowledge and i will be with the respect i deserve ! i am sorry professor egghead . what can i get you ? i want the meat which the slaughterhouse can provide on of virgin wheat ! i m afraid we don t have that item on the menu but if you want i can call my manager . yes ! i wish to communicate with the king of this eatery not a mere cog in the dining machine ! call forth the master of the food so that i can be given the banquet i demand ! dad ! . dad ! professor egghead to speak to you . the red uniform barely around the man s paunch and s father unsure of his yet when he his hand on his son s shoulder a smile comes across his face . hello i am the manager of this fast food restaurant he how can i help you ? a father and son working together ! this is the true meaning of family ! this is the true meaning of love ! professor egghead as the studio audience forth a round of s . the only love which i know is my undying love of science ! i have only lab and to hug ! the egghead is so alone ! professor egghead s admission of loneliness the audience explode with laughter . watching the father and son stand together in front of the monstrosity a smile to my face . even past the roaring pain that at my body i can appreciate a happy ending . i find myself laughing along with the invisible crowd . but then i stop . . a familiar super market on the screen of the television . the check out lane is still empty . . the man at the front of the line with his cart . he s looking at me . there s no escape from professor egghead he many have tried and none have . his will always be met . just follow the script and the visage on the screen into burst of electricity and glass . after throwing the remote through the television i rip out the and stomp it into tiny of plastic . as i destroy the place from where professor egghead first came i find myself weeping . i find myself weeping for my lost soul . no amount of or force however can stop the unstoppable . . professor egghead s are always met . as i write this i m lying on my couch a up corpse wavering in and out of consciousness . i have resigned myself to my fate . i know that i will be a part of professor egghead s soon . i know i can t fight destiny . if there is one thing which i can leave you with if there s one thing i can give to this world before i am forced into the demented dimension in which the egghead his it is a warning if you ever find a tape titled professor egghead s don ' t watch of chester abstract ' s disappearing crying family black to chester are the of sam . they will be posted in chronological order though they can for the most part be read in any . for your benefit i am only posting the where we unusual phenomena . for every noteworthy one there were many more . as the are a haphazard combination of and personal memory i am going to write them out in a more narrative format to make them easier to digest . however these are not all the in them are completely factual to the best of my knowledge . of some have been to protect you from yourself . sammy would have me to share these and so i do . in loving memory of . you will never be forgotten . our first lead came from an older native fellow working the lonely gas station along the two lane interstate . a few were up or but i recall the place being quite empty . sam shameless as always anyone and everyone about the story we had been told by the old family friend her father had put us in touch with . the cashier a bit dispassionate but he knew of it and gave us the to the small unmarked road we had shot right past . as well as a warning that weird stuff out there and to be careful . was excited . so was i to be entirely honest . if for different . doubling back after filling up we turned the jeep onto what barely for even a dirt road and made our way for fifteen or so . the landscape was filled with and little . everything in of orange brown and red in the heat of the summer sun . i m pretty sure it ' s on the backside of that ridge over there . sammy was standing and pointing her upper body sticking out above the open topped vehicle . i still don t know how she kept the dust out of her . i m not sure i d call that a ridge maybe more of a plateau or something . whatever it like the thing on the map . worth a shot . it took over an hour to get to the backside of the extensive mesa . the sun was starting to set and it was beginning to get dark so we aside in a flat spot and set up camp for the night . our first three as sam to call them t produced anything of note . we had tried some of the more common and popular like the pine and a few famous with no luck . so i was skeptical but going on with her was fun for its own sake . my skepticism would prove to be unfounded . sam had been right that getting off the beaten path and looking for more obscure might pay off but i t know that yet . that night was pretty uneventful if a bit chilly . it s amazing how fast it goes from hot to freezing in the desert . we around a small fire and eventually went to bed in our tent . we had a pair of those sleeping that can zip together but sam t feeling it that night so we just off separately . i assume she was eager to wake up and get on with it . the next morning i recall being . between my sore back and being by the overly enthusiastic girl i travelled with i m pretty sure i cursed a few times . but i don t have of exactly what i said in my groggy state . we were back on the trail in no time though through the like we the place . it t take long before we spotted it . i guess i was wrong after all . sam admitted but at least we had our destination locked in now . it was pretty obvious even from a distance the only man made we d seen since we left the interstate . must have been from the eighteen or something by the look of it . the old stack of wooden were into the side of the plateau ahead of us . as we i could see they were falling apart . are you sure it s safe to go in ? i remember . we figure it out when we get there i m get the camera rolling . sammy almost never stopped for the rest of the trip so from here on out i can say with more certainty that are pretty much accurate to how they unfolded . as such i might use more definitive language at times . we up a couple hundred from what like the mine entrance itself but there were a number of other scattered around and in some above it . it was still early in the day so we t bother setting up our just yet our sense of adventure getting the best of us both . our first stop in our exploration was a quick of the shaft entrance itself . spooky place . sam noted shining her down into the sloped hallway into the beige stone . it was too long to see the end from the entrance . we our focus to the peripheral before actually going into the mine . the building to the left to be some kind of office perhaps ? there was an old dust covered desk . it was a small place but we quickly a couple old record keeping . they were taken to be later . this drawer is locked . sam was struggling with it but it t budge . we on . the building to the right was much and was definitely the bunkhouse . it had enough old bed in it to sleep thirty easily . a few old odds and were still around but it was mostly empty . to the right of it still was what like an open stable and an old broken cart . above up a small path were two other small one of which to house what must have been an antiquated crane positioned right over the mine shaft entrance . alright get camp up and then go check out the shaft . i and sam eagerly agreed . we to be there a few nights and were well for it so we unloaded the jeep pretty much entirely . once done it was and and . we stood together at the foreboding entrance staring into the darkness . race you ! sam off down the narrow shaft . sammy ! that t safe i m not racing you take it slow . such childish behavior . please ! she did slow down after giving me a look and we together carefully into the bowels of the ancient mesa camera running . it just to go on and on . sam nearly when the suddenly beneath our . it like they used to go all the way up . dirt and dust must have slowly covered up the last as they the surface . not far beyond that we saw what like an old coil of blasting fuse . we went on for a while before sam spotted it . . it s a cave in or something . like we re near the end of the road . i could see it too over her shoulder . we and it but there was no way to get past . it was a dead end . how anticlimactic . the rest of the day was spent exploring the more thoroughly and around the local area taking in the amazing scenery . eventually the day to draw to a close and the evening chill to take hold . we made a small fire again and sat together on our fold out waiting for the water to boil so we could hydrate our . i could tell sam was disappointed . there s still a lot of interesting stuff here . i her . i recall her smile at my little attempt at encouragement . she was so pretty and being in this place with her under the endless of the dark desert night it all felt so romantic at the time . the way the yellow flickering light the blue glow of the moon on her face made her look ephemeral . i remember wondering if she felt the same way about the mood and i t have to wait long to find out . we made out for some time in that beautiful place and it s a memory of her i will keep with me forever . reality snapped back when we we had let the water boil off but fortunately we had brought plenty probably three times what we actually . soon we were away and shooting the . that path to go all the way up . i had seen it as well . go to the top tomorrow and get some i bet it is spectacular . she . alright we make it a date . it was right about this time right as sam to say something that i remember hearing a noise . the camera was still running on the tripod but i t able to actually confirm the sound on the footage when i it later . but i am sure i it . sam . . i whispered . she stopped mid sentence with a confused look . i for it again uncertain exactly what it was . looking around curiously sam figured out what i was doing and listening as well . what is it ? did you hear something ? she whispered back . yeah it was like a voice or something . it a bit more unsettling once i said it . what if we t alone out here ? of the movie deliverance suddenly came to mind and i recall feeling very vulnerable all of the sudden . maybe we should go . my confidence was shaking . nonsense it was probably just a coyote or something like that . that t made me feel much better but when sam was determined to do something there was little i could do to talk her out of it . we found our but not before we set up all the . one facing toward the mine shaft entrance . according to our original source they would come out at night so this was the most likely one to bear fruit . the second was outside the tent facing it . and we had a third one inside which was not running . i t expect anything to happen but we had come to document an old local legend so that was damned well what we were going to do . we our together that night both for mutual warmth and also for other . sleep came quickly after our exhausting day . my world went black for a while . ! she was whispering it but the whisper a hidden shout . wake up ! my open . what is it ? it was still dark out but sam had the flashlight on . get the camera ! . i rubbed my in response . now ! she . i for it and then what she was pointing the light at . she had the tent s entrance and the beam out into the night . but there was someone there . what was strange was that even though the light around and behind it illuminated the ground the figure which stood there maybe thirty away pitch black . i recording immediately . what the is that ? it like a child . or the silhouette of one at least . sam mused . i have to admit i was pretty unnerved . the fact that the figure was just standing there swaying back and forth eerily did nothing to settle them . sam to be taking it all in stride . i m going to go to it . sam what ? no ! i whispered . you don t know what it is it could be dangerous . she at me . if it is you think this little tent is going to protect you ? i watched with dismay as she out of our small sanctuary and to approach the figure . i made a restrained shout after her . step to the right you re blocking the camera ! get out here you coward . i out in response to her command . finally on my i got a better view of it . she was halfway there beam right on the thing but it was still hard to make out what it was . sam was right it was as if the silhouette of a young boy or girl was standing a shadow from any surface . just swaying back and forth . it was deeply unsettling . sam please come back . please . i . as she got close it suddenly and off toward the about the . sam immediately to chase after it . i at her . sam ! stop ! i and gave chase as well . ! i her as she it . i could kind of still make it out as she tried desperately to keep her beam on it but i could tell she was struggling and by the time we were in front of the it was gone . we both stopped to catch our breath . you better have caught that on camera . she said between . sam . please don t ever do that again . you me more than it did . what do you think it was ? she . obviously i had no clue . we back to our little camp for the moment . the still in the fire we had left going . my adrenaline is flowing like crazy . sam admitted . i don t think i m going to be able to sleep . i had to agree . let s get the fire going again and have a few ? maybe that will settle us down . sam t have to be twice . i the flame and she brought out the cooler . we drank together under the moonlight and considered what had just . i mean there s no mistaking what we saw right ? you saw the same thing ? i don t know what i saw . i . some kind of shadow or something . but i agree it like a child . we should go back into the mine tonight . i at sam s suggestion . do you really think that s a good idea ? we know there is something weird going on here now . t this the whole reason we came here ? why we spent of getting all the way out to this place ? sammy . . . she interrupted though . i m going with or without you . i t realize you were such a pussy . why did you even come if you are just going to chicken out ? i to be with you . it was the most honest answer i could give her . well once i finish this beer i m going in . come or stay your choice . she knew i would come though i am sure of it . standing before the mine entrance again at night was . somehow the darkness inside the long shaft even than it had now that it possessed the context of the night behind us . i really t want to set foot in it . maybe we should just check out the other first . i hopefully . we do that too . but first i want to check here . said this was where they came out remember ? she t to ask of course i . we made our way in her leading and myself meekly tailing her . on and camera recording her flashlight lit the further of the path ahead . it was a straight shot the whole way not much in of danger besides the risk of tripping on the when they . uneventful . we stood in front of the in barrier for a while . i could tell sam was waiting hopefully for something anything to happen . but all we were with was uncomfortable silence . we a bit longer before giving up and heading back to the surface . we checked out some of the but they were as lifeless as they had been in the day . another retreat back to camp empty handed . alright let ' s check the footage then . sam said . this was a plan i could get behind one that t involve me going into creepy in the middle of the night . we sat together next to our little fire and plugged the camera the shaft entrance into sam s . through the of footage we were soon trying to remember what time it had been when the strange figure had . i had to check my camera to get a . nothing obvious could be seen at that time . we working backward from there . maybe night vision t work ? i out loud . however my conjecture was disproven quickly when we found a segment showing something leaving the mine . it was subtle sam was the one who had it . it was like a dark wisp and for a moment . then it slipped off the screen to the right . toward our tent . we at each other my face wearing concern and her s anticipation . she went back further and it clear that multiple of these had left the shaft over the course of about an hour . i remember it made me unhappy and i around suddenly feeling like i was being watched . sam can i borrow the flashlight ? she t think much of it and handed it to me face still glued to her computer screen as she more of the footage . i stood up and the light all around the edge of the camp . i froze in horror . sam . i to find the . sam ! sam ! what ? she and she put her down . what is it dan oh my god . we both watched as i spun the light in a slow circle around the circumference of the camp . outside the light of the fire were probably a dozen of those strange . all standing perfectly still except for the rhythmic swaying . they completely surrounded us . how long do you think they have been there ? i whispered . maybe the whole time ? sam but neither of us could know . give me the light . i knew she was going to approach one again . sam just stop . we should leave before this out of hand . off . she for the one . and predictably as soon as she drew close it fled . she tried the next one but the same thing . i can t describe how nervous i was watching the brave girl confront the eerie . you don t have to be afraid of us we re ! she to get some kind of response or reaction but a quick survey of the perimeter of the camp with the flashlight revealed the still standing and rocking in place . she yet another and it quickly off . i could see the look of irritation in her jade as the light from my camera illuminated her upon her retreat . we need to read those we found . she said as she me . i had forgotten about them already . sam always had some kind of plan or idea i would come to realize in time . i was just along for the ride . still in this case i t comfortable with the still about the periphery . what about the rest of them ? i nervously . they seem harmless . maybe we can find some as to who or what they are . she the two we had out of the back of the jeep walking fearlessly right between two of the to get to it . i recall frowning as i watched her do it . when she returned safely thank god we them together . one was just an administrative log . not much of interest except that the ended on th . that at least gave us some idea of a date or time frame for when the place stopped operating . i about nervously every few just to make sure nothing was sneaking up on us . the second book was more interesting . it was apparently a journal from the mining foreman . perhaps that had been his office ? there was a lot to take in and most of it like day to day drivel . sam just right to the end of it i guess that was where anything juicy might be found . if so she t wrong . we read the last entry together me practically leaning over her shoulder to get a good look . th we sealed the mine successfully . we re going to leave this forsaken place tomorrow . god save those still inside . obviously sam went backward to the previous entry . th the crew won t enter the mine willingly . nearly lost his mind and had to put a gun to s head to get them to agree to continue the search . i don t blame the i t go in there if my life on i d take the bullet . he went in with them to make sure they t chicken out . one more still . there were many . th the manager beat the ever living out of one of my today . he t believe the they saw about what s down there . but i still know it is real . t going to give up until he his son back of that i m certain . sam . this is making me really unhappy . i had to confess it as i read further . my around the camp again frantically looking for some kind of imminent danger . she closed the book and at me with annoyance . so what do you want to do then ? leave ? i hopefully . i m going to go get some sleep . you can do whatever you want . she into the tent and i the sound of the sleeping bag zipping up . i took the light and it around . there were still eight of the frightening us . i t understand how she could sleep under these . i t want to be out in the dark alone though so i her and fitfully found a shallow slumber . my that night were unpleasant though i don t remember exactly what they were . can be that way . when i woke up i found myself alone in the tent . sam ? i but there was no reply . the tent i caught the blinding glare of the desert sun right in my . i figured it must have been nearly halfway to noon way later than i usually woke . sam ? i repeated . there was a bowl of oatmeal waiting for me next to the ashes of last night ' s fire sitting next to the little propane stove she had presumably used to make it for me . beside that was a little note to the propane canister . enjoy breakfast love i m in the mine . of course she d gone alone . i am pretty sure i rolled my as i read it . i quickly ate and went to track her down after gathering all my gear . it t hard to find her she was sticking what like ancient sticks of dynamite into in the section of the tunnel . you have to be god damned me . i said camera rolling . no . what the are you doing sam ? have you lost your mind ? i put the camera down at this point and with her for a bit . we have to find out what here you read the journal too ! then let ' s just read the rest of the journal ! i tried to be a voice of reason . i already did this morning . there t much else of interest it just more mundane the further back you go . she tired i t sure how long she had been up . please dan just help me get this set up maybe start the . where the hell did you even find this anyways ? who leaves dynamite just laying around ? there s a bunch in the storeroom behind the bunkhouse . sam . are you seriously going to do this ? i was still exhausted not just from lack of sleep but the intensity of what had the night before . yes i m seriously going to do this . she another stick gently between two as she said it . are you going to help or not ? it was unbelievable . i reluctantly the reel of fuse and cutting off with my knife tying them onto the aging . it was hard to imagine just how dangerous handling these year old might be and every time she touched one i nearly . eventually though i had them all wired up and she satisfied with her haphazard placement of them throughout the substrate of the collapse . i knew full well she had no idea what she was doing . we reeled the fuse all the way out the entrance of the shaft and she cut it from the wooden cylinder . as we stood in the sunlight looking into the dark hole sam produced a lighter . wait sam . you saw what the journal said . it like it was dangerous down there . please reconsider this . please . sam gave me a deep and stern look . i knew i t going to be able to stop her as soon as i saw it . she up with a sudden and unexpected kiss equally deep and then before i could recover disengaged and had the fuse lit . i watched it flicker down into the of the mine . part of me had hoped it t light but in the dry desert it had quite well it . i sam s hand and we both backed away from the entrance waiting to see if it would work . it worked a deafening blasting from the barrow entrance like a cannon carrying a cloud of dust and debris in its wake . it forth for some time . we probably t go in until later let the dust settle . i . or ever really i thought . thankfully sam agreed and we prepared lunch . i a beer with mine to help take the edge off and instead of she did the same . more food but it t so bad even if it was a bit expensive . it and kept well . so what did the rest of the journal say then ? i t sure i to know but t know what else to talk about given the . apparently they broke into some natural cave network . some as well as the manager s son . she as she spoke and ate at the same time . that s encouraging . yeah it s pretty freaky apparently the foreman saw something down there . he t really explain what . he just said it was really pretty . so remind me why did you blow open the mine they had apparently gone out of their way to seal ? i must have incredibly sarcastic as i said it . we have to know what s in there . you re a god damned lunatic . i picked up the camera which was now running low on and made my way to the jeep to swap them out . the camera came back on a few later and was returned to its stand . we ended up spending the day up the mesa while we for the air in the mine to clear . it was quite a strenuous trek but the view was worth it . we at the top and then took and of the vast and wonderful rocky desert which out to the horizon in every direction . after several we returned to earth and to gather our gear . it t going to be clear if sam had in blasting the tunnel open until we got down in there . i we wear over our . they might help keep some of the dust out of our . i also decided to bring my pistol . just in case . the initial descent was uneventful . there was dust and scattered around and a haze of grey hung in the air still . it was tolerable though . i we might find the mine still . if sam had been able to see through my she would have seen the frown on me when i saw the small opening . it was barely big enough to crawl through and we d have to pass our through it first . no way am i going in there . she gave me a mischievous look . it be fun we might discover something . did i even read the same god damned journal as you or am i just it ? the around our tent ? yeah it s pretty exciting right ? she gave me a quick peck and then her pack through and climbing in . it only took a moment . i to slap myself in the face . i reluctantly her through also pushing my in before following it . there was a lot of debris on the inner side but it was navigable and we soon found a clear section of the shaft once more . it kept going for a while and the air less heavy but more stale the further we . something felt off about the whole place . we some kind of cross section where it out and split into multiple . let ' s start with the left like you d follow a maze . so we don t get lost . at this point i was just following sam s lead . we along a bit passing old looking wooden support and trailing the . this t look very safe at all . i but my complaint met on deaf . a lay on its side next to the . there was evidence some mining had gone on here but the path ended . we turned back and picked the next path . this one went down further . i would be lying if i tried to claim that the ever present fog of black around us t bother me . i could only imagine that those were following us just out of sight hidden in the inscrutable darkness . lucky us . i can see where it through to the cave . just like the journal said . lucky indeed i remember thinking with irony . i reluctantly as she slipped into the hole which connected to this other subterranean space . we quickly found ourselves in a open space . much more natural and somehow more frightening . it s almost seven we should head back it s be dark soon . she t respond flashing her beam around the cave . seriously we can come back tomorrow sam . sam listen to me ! i was nearly shouting at this point . i just continued to record despairing about the unreasonable nature of my when i it again . it like a voice . it like sam had it too . i think it came from over there . she moving toward the spot she thought it had from revealing a small hole which led down into a lower chamber . her pack came off and she to climb in . stay here so you can pull me back up . i t bother to protest at this point and instead just let her do her thing . i this place though . something felt terribly wrong . i felt like i was being watched and my could only light so much at once . after a few i into the hole . hurry up ! there was no response . sam ? are you there ? still nothing . ! i tried again . sam this t funny ! when she still t reply i cursed and took my own pack off climbing into the hole to try and fish her out . it was a short drop i figured i could climb back up just fine but the crawl was . it twisted and turned and there was still no trace of her . just how far had she gone ? sammy ? finally a reply . go back ! go go go go ! i t turn around so i just backwards as fast i could . you re coming right ? yes ! go ! after a few i was at the entrance to the hole and was climbing out . sam shortly after and i lent her a hand her up . she to have some old satchel with her but she t take time to explain . let s get the out of here . i am not sure there are i d ever been more happy to hear . we quickly the dark and quiet place . it was already nearly night when we left the mine . i making a fire while she frantically . there was just a pile of dan . a pile of human ! some of them were broken it like they had bite on them . t tell if she frightened or excited . probably both . we should get the out of here . i again . there were old clothes and they like they had been torn to with crust that might have been blood . probably was . she absently in the direction of the mine as she said it . then she the bag she had picked up . sam immediately shuffling through it . there was some random junk but two of particular note were out . a revolver and a ring of . she considered them for a moment and i in silence the growing darkness suspiciously to see the strange slip into the edge of the camp again . i really don t feel comfortable here tonight . i was practically pleading . sam be reasonable . you have your gun right ? she . well yeah but so did that guy apparently . sam checked the cylinder and it was only half loaded . hey . a thought came to sam as she took a seat next to him . you don t think this was the manager s gun ? from the journal ? how the should i know ? i m going to go see if one of these can open that drawer . i cursed at her and boiling water . at least it was nearby and it t fully dark yet . i watched with disdain as the light from her around the inside of the little office revealed through the small window . when she returned i had a beer cracked for her it would keep her from running off again . look what i found ! she said . what is it ? it like some strange wooden doll . bound together with twine it was bent and gnarled made from and sticks with of bone and some teeth here and there . me . that was in the drawer ? i . that was empty but i spotted this under the desk with some sort of glue while i was poking around . strange thing to glue to the underside of someone s desk don t you think ? she set it down and half the in a single swallow . i think in the morning we should take a bunch of of this place and then maybe go do some more research into it . we can come back with more people and get to the bottom of this another time . thank god . why don t we leave now and just go get a motel ? i m tired let ' s just finish eating and go to sleep . i was tired as well and reluctantly agreed but not before we set all the up again . since it was our last night i used the remainder of our firewood to make the fire as large as possible it would persevere until morning or maybe stave away whatever these foul were that had the camp last night . it was difficult to kiss sam my mind was filled with and and . sleep never really came and i laid awake wondering if they were out there standing and watching us swaying back and forth . i had to know . from our tent trusty flashlight like my life on it i found my and spun around looking for them . nothing . reluctantly i found my sleeping bag again and tried to doze off . i almost when i something moving in the corner of my eye . it was a silhouette on the surface of the tent as though someone were standing between us and the fire . it swayed . sam ! i shook her and she awake surprisingly quickly . look ! she frantically herself out of her bag and clawed her way through the process of the tent into the freezing night still in her underwear . i her as i usually did . they the camp not to stay outside of the light of the fire . facing in random . this time they t seem to pay us much attention . sam tried to approach one but it simply backed off into the dark . a quick glance with the flashlight revealed that it still at the edge . i wonder if they want something ? i was less concerned with sam s absent speculation than the sound which suddenly tore the eerie quiet of the desert apart . it like someone vomiting repeatedly . it was coming from the mine or the at least . sam s flashlight quickly found the searching for its source . no luck but the noise continued and to be getting closer . sam the shadow . they are backing off . my observation was acknowledged as i watched her take in the sight of the ethereal retreating into the night . in the opposite direction of the incoming noise no less . another sound of . this is the time we leave sam ! i was so frightened as the grew ever closer i frantically the and threw them in the back of the jeep . she just stood there as i tried to haphazardly tear the camp apart . it s beautiful . she said . sam ! i her by the wrist and practically forced her into the passenger seat . i t bother to finish breaking down camp beyond the . in i was in the driver s seat . i turned the . the went on . and i saw it too . it s hard to describe what it was . it to defy explanation like it in unnatural ways perhaps at or in i t really understand . it was indeed beautiful though . and it was getting closer . i locked in reverse and immediately back into a rapid three point turn and we were off at nearly eighty per hour into the dark night of the cold desert . i just hoped i could remember how to get back to the road in the dark . what the was that thing ? i eventually out loud as much to myself as her . i have no idea . she lost . it t like her . we re not coming back . that to snap her out of it . of course we re coming back ! what the hell ? you saw it you admitted it ! she cried out . we talk about this later . we drove in relative silence for a while . sam fished out the old journal again . i understand now . i t get it at first . get what ? i . she found and read the entry out loud as we across the dirt . th the found something pretty inside the cave . i went and saw it myself . i don t know what it was but it harmless at the time unmoving . it was only when son from his office today that we we might be in danger . the bizarre and beautiful shape was nowhere to be found . is going to kill me if i don t find him i m sure . who the hell a wander around a anyways ? i trying to avoid running into some unseen boulder . sam t have much of an answer to offer . it was a different time i guess . are we going to talk about that thing ? what s there to talk about ? she . it was hard to come up with an answer . after what felt like an eternity we found the interstate . security . civilization . i down the road at breakneck speed as much distance between us and that place as i could as the night continued to hover about us our bleeding into it like of clarity . we ended up sleeping on the side of the road until morning about fifty down the interstate . it t be until the end of my time with sam that we d find out what exactly the thing was buried under that obscure mesa deep in country . but we did find out one thing . weird and unusual is out there waiting to be discovered . and as much as it me from that point on i was hooked . not just because i was in love with sam but because i to know what was real and what t . we had gone into that one completely unprepared it by the skin of our teeth but the next time would be different . that night five in each we agreed we d never be so reckless again . but we d scratch the itch and keep going . we d find the strange and unthinkable and do our best to document it . to understand it . i even agreed that we d even return to chester mine . someday . and that was how sam s little enterprise . if only i had known then just where it would lead us . these are to sammy . i miss you so much . at this point i don t think it if i give you my real name or not . i doubt even the name of my channel . who i am who i was who i would been they re all irrelevant now . she will have me . soon . i can feel it in my . a knowing . i can sense my impending death ? no i m not so sure what will happen to me will kill me . i m not sure just what will become of me . but i know that this will be the last anyone ever from me so i might as well make it count . xb it was a few back that i my channel . it never got big . after three all i had were a few thousand but i was grateful to at least have that much . i always had a passion for especially animated and considering my background in animation i knew a lot about them . i used to watch a lot of the bigger like or the nostalgia critic and i guess i got it in my head that maybe i could be just like them . i figured i t have much to lose and honestly i had a lot of fun doing it . the audience was nice but i honestly just did the because i doing them . even the infamously were still fun to watch in a sense if only because of their . xb i did most of the . the everybody and their grandmother on like food fight the movie and norm of the north . that probably made the of walt and mel blanc spin in their and i even did some more obscure as well . i always got the most on the obscure probably since in a few i was just about the only one talking about them . when you consider that i suppose it was inevitable that would end up on my plate sooner or later . xb if you re not familiar with that s probably a good thing . not a lot of people have of it and those that do typically lump it in with all of other shock content . like the infamous found footage movie cannibal holocaust or even more recent shock like two one cup along with any of the other countless obscene and disgusting you can find on the . i won t name drop anything else to save you the burden of temptation but trust me they get worse . i don t think i need to tell you that the is the . name any depravity you can think of and it s out there . graphic sex and violence obscene and the like . tops them all . xb i someone describe it as if that old joke the was turned into a film that took itself completely seriously . and i must admit the description accurate . supposedly it was in the mid s although as far as i can tell no one ever been able to figure out exactly what year it came out in nor anyone ever figured out who starred in the movie as there are no . the only thing anyone ever found was the address of an office complex in a small town in russia that was supposedly registered to the studio that made it also . xb when i first looking into the address was one of the first i found besides a few tamer from the movie itself . clips are next to impossible to find without a tor browser and even then there s not much to see beyond a few stray clips of the main character . xb the address t turn up that much either . i t the first one to look it up apparently because on one of the i found someone had gone out of their way to visit the office themselves and they d posted of what they d seen there . i can t say it was all that much . the office complex was and abandoned . it was on a side road well away from the town and to be more of a warehouse . the parking lot was cracked and overgrown with and most if not all of the were broken . the door to the office itself was locked but the poster on the forum had they d taken through the . through the darkness you could vaguely see bare concrete and empty . whoever had run the studio obviously t been there in which i suppose sense . the studio only ever put out its one self titled movie and considering the reputation that got well who could blame them for shutting down ? xb as for the movie itself ? it was not easy to find . even going through the deep web most of the best i found were a few the main character . she had short blonde hair big blue and a curvy figure but otherwise normal for a cartoon girl . through a bit of digging i also found a few of some of the in the movie but no sign of the movie itself . xb i went so far as to post on a few obscure if anyone knew where i could find it but most of the people who either me for looking for it or just flat out told me to stop looking although i did get a few who to have seen enough of it to describe the plot if you could even call it a plot . i take care to avoid the worst of it . i want my account of to stay out there not to get assuming it t get for even but supposedly the plot again if you can even call it a plot on the cartoon girl i d seen in the . xb every scene her doing something . either some horrifically obscene sex act or an act of violence usually both at the same time . as far as i can tell there s no explanation ever given as to why she does the she does . even if there were all the dialogue is in and the who supposedly had seen the movie t understand a word of it . according to those the movie just from scene to graphic scene with many showing sexual of violence . graphic castration impalement and worse that supposedly make most of the shock and other obscene you can find on the look like practical . xb despite all of that i did ask them if there were any way i could watch the full movie . one of the i spoke to said he d only ever seen a lot of clips over the . another guy said he d watched most of it with a friend before leaving during a scene and eating a man . xb the other guy t know where his friend had found the movie and when i d about the friend i got my first official mention of the curse . xb this was what had truly drawn me to . the supposed curse . what the exact nature of the curse was depending on who you . some people said that if you watched the movie all the way through you d just drop dead . said the movie itself was a curse on humanity and yet the most reliable had a different story . xb shortly after watching the full movie a person would just disappear . no grand discovery of a body no in the closet with frozen in terror . one day they d just go out and never come home . i spoke to three people all of whom said they d of someone up and vanishing after watching all the way through and i admit that was what interested me the most . xb i to know if the curse was real . i to know just how bad that movie truly was and i to drag it out of whatever rock it was buried under and look at it in front of that small audience i had even if it was disgusting . i t actually believe i d disappear or anything . that part just as hokey as the rest of the tales of the curse but given the i thought it might make for a perfect post for my channel and i suppose in a way it xb you see after all my digging i did find and i watched it . i watched it all the way through . xb it was a few after my initial forum post that i got an . i don t know who sent it . the address was just a of and . when i tried to reply i found out that the address t even active . they t send me much . just a link that led me to an onion . the was also just a jumble of and and the it was blank save for a single word in the center . xb . xb i t quite dumb enough to hit the button immediately . after all it was probably more likely that it was just some jackass on the trying to play a prank but considering that it was the best lead i got i to click it and it was hard to talk myself out of it hard enough that i ended up the file anyway and praying to god that i t end up it . i it afterward to see if it was a virus and it came back clean so i figured i had nothing to lose . worst case scenario it was just a prank . but in the best case scenario i d be one of the few people on earth to watch that movie . at the time i figured it was worth the risk . looking back i don t know if it really was . xb i don ' t think anything could have truly prepared me for what was actually in that video . i ' been to some of the of the . i ' seen gross i ' d rather not have seen . gore death weird disturbing and shock . took it a step beyond though . xb the movie itself is odd . i ' m not sure just how to describe it without the worst of it and even then i m not sure any of it would make sense . it with the main character walking down a street . there were no opening and no music . it just abruptly . the animation was crude and choppy . it like it was from the s as opposed to the s . the walking animation like it was the same looping over and over again . xb she for a bit a sensual wiggle in her step . every now and then she to side eye the camera and offer a cute little smile . after a few she stopped in front of a door with text above it . she at the text and then back at the camera before saying something in . the audio was admittedly too distorted to make out clearly so i ' t even begin to try and translate it . whatever it said on the door though to be interested in it . she went in through the door and at the camera as she did . xb the scene to a plain concrete room with a cartoon horse in it . i ' d prefer not to describe the scene in detail and anything else that comes after would best not be in too much detail . i could only properly describe it as pornographic and violent . xb there s a scene where open the stomach of the horse and it just real the horse is clearly a cartoon but its as they spill out of its stomach look like real . i remember feeling sick at the sight of them and the way it and in pain also real as if someone had a real animal being ! i almost turned it off at that point but i d to watching it all the way through and that s what i did . xb some men the scene after had the horse . one of them cut off its head and wore it over their own as to systematically and kill everyone in the room . some of the cartoon men even brought in other men and much like the of the horse those men real as in not like but like actual human ! i watched as them in ways that make me sick just to remember . i watched as they and just like a real person probably would when under that kind of physical torture and i remember that at a few i actually had to close my and look away . xb the effect of and those real people was almost akin to that famous dance between gene kelly and jerry mouse if it were a snuff film . i don t want to describe it . i don t even want to remember it ! the just got worse and worse . i remember watching on a skinned crucified man who and as his blood smeared against her cartoon body . i remember his jaw opening wide and screaming as she rode him smiling blankly at the camera all the while . i remember a sequence where several people both real and cartoon were hung by twisted out of the entrails of another slowly dying man xb and when that movie ended i remember just being grateful . the ending just had the camera on lying on a bed amid the carnage she d covered in blood smiling seductively and . with her free hand she made a come hither motion and that was it . it ended just as abruptly as it . no . no ceremony . just the end of the video . i it off my computer immediately and shut it off for the night . xb i felt sick to my stomach ! why in the hell would somebody make something like that ? why the did that have to exist ? no way in hell was i doing a video on . no way . xb i let pass and t say another word about the movie . i stopped going to the i d gone to and instead on other i could just forget about it and move on with my life . xb it s never that easy is it though ? once you seen something that a line i suppose it s human nature to be curious about it . to want to know more . i d on just sleeping dogs lie and never thinking about again but the more i tried to get away from it the more it crept into my mind . xb about two after i d watched the movie i d taken it out of my bin . i t watch it again not immediately at least but i onto it thinking maybe it might be a good idea to keep it just in case . just in case what ? i still can t quite say . however considering its rarity i did know that it at least had some value to it and i suppose maybe that was enough . xb it on my computer a certain temptation to re watch it . after all i d sat through it once and as horrifically grotesque as it had been the first time it was just a movie . i d sat through a film and the human centipede i could sit through this one more time right ? xb my second watch of was no less disturbing than the first although i at least knew not to look during the castration and whatnot . if anything now that i knew what was coming i found myself oddly by that brutal movie . it was a strange thing to watch . normally with violence is comedic or if the cartoon is going for realism it s for drama much like violence often is in live action . xb felt toneless in its portrayal of not only its violence but everything . it all of its explicit sex and gore in a way that felt almost like a documentary . as heinous that went far beyond good taste it just felt like she was going through the brutal . the were usually plain and like real concrete . the aged in them t look like they were part of the animation at least . the gore effects were incredible for the time as well . i can t stress how real they nor can i stress the genuine human misery i in the of some of the . xb if i t known better i would thought it was a genuine snuff film but that t have been possible . as far as i knew snuff t actually a thing . all the same it was difficult to look at the mutilation happening on that screen and not feel disturbed . most of it i turned away from altogether until the worst of it had stopped . as the film ended a second time i was to the same final shot of laying in a bed spread wide as she slowly sensually rubbed herself . her free hand rose as her finger for the viewer to join her and this time i something off . something that did what all the gore and violence t been able to do the second time around . xb she was in my bedroom . xb it was dark too dark to make out the at a glance but i spotted something on the wall above the bed and the movie . it was a poster a movie poster to be precise but not any movie that would been out at the time was made . it was for the movie venom . i d gotten a poster when i d seen it in . i d framed it and put it up on my wall because you venom was a good movie . it was . but it was fantastic . xb why the was my venom poster hanging on the wall above the sick serial killer cartoon lady ? xb i a and the contrast on it so i could get a better look at the room . i saw more than just my one poster the wall was my wall . the pattern on the was the same pattern on my ! it t part of the cartoon either . it like a photograph ! it like someone had come in taken a picture of my room and then animated that creepy animated bitch rubbing one out on my bed ! this t possible . xb it did dawn on me that some sick had to capture a of my bedroom when my computer was in there but there was a simple flaw in that logic . i not only t usually bring my into my bedroom but i kept my covered like a sensible person ! i t see any logical way someone could gotten a picture of my bedroom but i was damn sure that somebody was straight up with me ! what other possible could there be ? xb i went through again after that . i m not sure what i was to find . more of my room maybe ? other disturbing besides sex and violence ? i really can t say . but i spent two days going through that movie with a toothcomb and i t come up with much . besides the final image there were no i . just different boring concrete . it was enough to make me second guess myself a bit . maybe i was . maybe my mind was just on me when it came to the bedroom . that made sense right ? it had to make sense ! xb it was around this point when i . they were always in the animation style of and she was always there smiling at me knowingly . sometimes she d be naked and she d draw me towards her . on top of her . we d make love and that would be it . xb sometimes i d be on my looking up at her and begging as she just and a knife . the pain of her mutilation was as intense as the pleasure from the sex . either way i d wake up sweating every time those still fading from my consciousness as if they d been real . xb i t think too much of them at first . of that i d been watching t new to me . these felt so much more intense but it was easy to dismiss that at first . it was easy to dismiss a lot of at first . xb it was somewhere on my fifth or sixth watch of that movie that i made the connection between the concrete in the movie and the old lot the studio had been based out of . it was so simple . it was obvious that had been made on a practically nonexistent budget . they d probably out and used their own as a backdrop . it would at least explain why the entire movie more or less to take place in a series of bland concrete . maybe if they d done that that might explain the bedroom at the end of the movie too . it t my bedroom it t have been ! the low light was just with my mind ! they probably had a similar room at the studio . that was it and i told myself that if i dug up those of the studio in russia i d get the i yeah . that had to be it ! xb i dug up the taken of the lot again . it took me the better part of a night browsing all of shady deep web to dig them up again but in time i found them . at a glance the of the concrete and empty unremarkable . i saved the to my hard drive so i could go over them a little closer . i wish i t done that . xb it t until i into the that i to see . in the low light a familiar stain on the wall t easily visible but on closer inspection it was . i seeing that stain in the movie i the arterial spray that it and the of the man who realistically and around as hung him by his and cut his throat like an animal . xb my skin at the sight of it . the stain had been distinct and yet there it was the same as it had been in the movie . i even went back and took a of that exact scene to compare the . the one on the photograph of the office exactly like the one in the movie . xb i found more the longer i . that like old on the . at a past slaughter that should not have been real ! and the more i the more i to feel a creeping dread that those impressive special effects in that otherwise low quality movie had been far simpler than i d . for all its sick twisted content i d always just told myself that the violence on the screen was the same as it was in any other movie . fake blood fake body and clever . why t i assume that ? it was so much more logical than to believe that had truly been the one to rip those people apart ! xb yet looking at the ancient carnage on those that dreadful thought had crept into the back of my mind and it would not go away . a fear that what i d seen in that movie t been just a clever imitation of violence but the real thing . it should not have been possible . it t even have been conceivable and yet that sick sinking dread in my stomach was impossible to ignore . xb i the only a few after i d them and i . i those off my computer . i t want to think about them ever again ! i to get away from this thing i d let into my life . i to forget about it . forget and move on . pretend i d never even of it and carry on with my life . i should have known that that was never an option with though . oh no . i d the door . there was no going back . maybe part of me knew that and t accept it . looking back now i have trouble believing i was ever really that naive . xb i t sleep much in the after i everything i had on the cartoon and what little sleep i still got was restless and by of . every time i off i d find myself in her arms . every time i slept she would either kill me or me . sometimes both sometimes in that order . my life in between a quiet shamble through life . i was too tired most days to focus on school and i t have the energy to pour into my channel . i d been out a video every week before but the gap between my grew longer and longer . what i made to dredge up some content were never finished . xb what little social life i d once had . went unanswered . i hardly even saw my . i rarely even left my apartment . i t . beyond the exhaustion there was fear . i first saw her about a week after i d the movie . just a glimpse out of the corner of my eye in my apartment . i d been together a sandwich to eat when i her . standing in my hallway and leaning against the wall . xb she was gone when i d turned my head to get a better look but i was so sure it had been her . . i would have her anyway . the short blonde hair big blue and curvy figure . in the back of my mind i remember her voice whispering to me . xb ko ? will you come to me ? xb after that first time i had closed my and tried to dismiss it . it t the first time my sleep mind had on me and i d had audio before . usually simple like thinking i a family member calling for me . it was easy to dismiss the first time . xb after the fifth or sixth though it got harder to ignore . xb she d always be there in the darkness of the corner of my eye . it when i was alone in my apartment . i d catch a glimpse of her before she d disappear . i d hear her voice whispering to me . xb then i seeing her out in public . i d see her standing in the doorway of my lecture hall or behind a crowd of people as i between classes barely awake . i if my lack of sleep was causing me to crack . i taking to try and shut my brain down but they t help ! the just got worse . she was always there . always watching . always close by always beckoning me and i had to answer her call . xb i spent most of my money on the flight to russia . what was left gotten me to the abandoned office where was made . she was there with me every step of the way just out of sight in the airport watching me from the front of the plane . smiling all the while . i could hear her little of encouragement . i could sense her approval and her lust . xb ko . . come to me . love me . belong to me xb and although i knew it would be the last thing i ever did i went to her . i belong to her soon . xb i been to the lot . the place where was made . i stood outside the door listening to her as she me inside . through the i could see her watching me the of her dress falling off her . she s waiting for me . xb i don t fully understand what s brought me here . i don t know what i find in that building or exactly what will happen to me . but i know that i won t be able to talk about it once it s done . no i suspect that soon i just be another stain on the wall and i can t describe just how much that thought me . i don t want to die . i don t want my life to end . i don t want to go to her but as i sit in my car this on my phone i know that i can t run . even if i tried i d end up back here sooner or later . i belong to now . everyone who that movie to whatever the hell she is . i don t suppose i need to tell you not to make the same mistake i did . don t seek her out . don t invite her into your life . don t ever watch the movie even if you do somehow manage to find it or else you die just like i m about to die ! xb my are shaking . my every instinct me to run but i can t . she s watching from the window . she s patient . she wait for me . she the time . i on the other hand do not . . . xb . xb i can t put it off any longer . i think i m ready now or at least as ready as i get . it s time to go to her . i hope it s quick but i know it won t be . my wife on morning . i woke up rolled over to see her bright smiling face only to see her beautiful frame stiff and lifeless . we both knew this was coming when they found the lump in her breast about three ago . we tried not to look at it as a death sentence but see it as us knowing how much time we had left together . we had spent fifty married to each other and with no short amount of rough times just like any other marriage . those last three though man we spent every minute we could together and it was wonderful . it s funny how you can spend so much time with someone but once they are gone you wish you had just one more conversation with them . lucy would say i t be too worried about it it s not like i would live thirty more or anything . how right she would been . she always knew what to say to drag me out of my self loathing . now though it s all i have except for the few of sand left in my hourglass . since we t have any and both of us were only the funeral t big . just a few that were still above ground with me . as i watched my lucy being in that cheap casket into the ground breathing hard and it felt like my world was in on me . i had to sit down and catch my breath when my friend his way over to check on me . i assured him i was alright it just all hit me at once . told me if i to talk all i had to do was call but i knew i most likely t . it took more effort than usual to get out of bed the next morning . my body was stiff as aboard . not that this is unusual for a seventy year old man but it was worse than normal . it quickly faded to the background as my back to my lucy being gone . i sat looking at and most of the day . the next day is when i the . small round on my arms and chest . not one or two but a bunch that to pop up overnight . i told myself i to get that checked out . the doc t seem to know quite what to think about the . he said it like poison ivy but i don t do any gardening or anything of the sort so not sure how i got poison ivy . he took a sample of the fluid in the i think that was more to satisfy me than anything . i went back to the house and sat in lucy s room . she always came in there to watch the out the window and read her every evening . the next morning i my arms were back to feeling like their normal old wrinkly . i thought i was back to normal until i at my chest . the had gone away but a black bruise had the . it covered almost my entire chest . it like a bruise but it t sore almost like it was farther under the skin . it was the next morning when i just how much of a problem i had . when i got out of bed and brushed my teeth that s when i saw it . as i out of my bathroom i saw an imprint in my bed . it was on lucy s side of the bed . as i crept up to the bed and the back i was met with dirt . black dirt just a thin layer of it in the shape of my lucy . like she was sleeping beside me again . seeing this i finally something ungodly was happening . it only got worse though . every morning i would wake to find more dirt in my bed . well more dirt everywhere . in the bed in lucy s chair on her even in our car . i eventually stopped cleaning it up because i knew it would be back the next morning . i had my own to deal with anyway . my skin is almost entirely black now and it s soft . to the point when i rubbed my arm a huge strip of it peeled off . my are to the point where i can barely use them . i have taken to lucy s to get around the house . i finally up and look up some of this stuff that to my body . i already had my about what was happening to me but i was proved correct when i found an article the of decomposition . it been eight days since my lucy went to be with our lord and by the mix of black bloody fluid from my nose i would say i m getting close to black putrefaction . this for about a month but i m still worried about what comes after . am i just going to die at some point or will i just keep until i can t move ? i can t help but wonder why my lucy would do this to me ? she would never have this ! i don t know of anything i can do so i ' been praying . lucy was always the more religious one of us but i had to try something . i pray to god and even lucy after i hit a certain point of desperation . but it t seem to help . i m writing this so the poor soul that me would know what . like anyone is going to believe this ! i can t get out of bed well i might could but i m worried my calves will fall off my . so i think i am going to sit here and wait . if lucy is on the other end of this it will all be worth it . from about surviving danger make up so many campfire tales . i used to love a good scary story until i found myself inside one . now i understand why we keep telling them those keep us alive . that s part of why i m telling you my . you might think that the i m talking about are on the school grounds . many are but many are out and about in the world . true they may be drawn to the school and decide to stay for a spell but if they are their prey at the school where do you think they re going to go ? i already you about the of unknown wi fi . now i want to tell you another rule . don t approach at night . i t learn this rule at charter school . i knew it well before i teaching there . this during the summer before my senior year in college . i was visiting a cousin of mine mark in the city . i won t say which city this is . it s a city in i leave it at that . now i don t exactly grow up in the sticks but where i m from would be considered a suburb at best . while i m not much of a city mouse i do like visiting my cousin because he all the best to eat and see something interesting . plus even though he s a few older he t treat me like a . to him i was a fellow young adult . it was late about one in the morning and we had just come back from a show several who might make it big one day . we d had a good time save for a group of who kept shouting to all the female band . eventually they were thrown out and we were able to enjoy the rest of the . his place was a short walk from the venue and it saved us a lot on parking . that said i was very paranoid about walking in the city at night of s dancing through my head and all . however everything was peaceful . there were people out several of whom i d seen at the venue and mark totally at ease . that me relax and enjoy the cool night air . we were about a block from his building when i mark freeze . i stopped walking and nearly out of my skin when he put a hand on my shoulder . stay very still he said . without making any sudden look at the car up ahead . it s just outside my place next to the door . i and was to see a really nice car just next to mark s door . i t tell exactly what kind of car it was perhaps a because the light next to the door was out . it red or orange but i t tell . i could barely make out someone sitting in the driver s seat but it like a young woman with long hair . . i told them the light was about to go out . mark was as unnerved as i ever seen him . don t panic we will get through this . do you know her ? i . owe her money ? knock her up ? that actually made mark laugh for a moment and he relaxed a bit . here s what we re going to do . we are going to keep moving forward and act like we don t see it . we will be as silent as possible but not appear to be sneaking . we will not look at the car directly . we will not approach it . we sure as hell won t touch it . i a . i will quickly unlock the door and we will move inside as if nothing is wrong . do you understand ? something was off enough about the car so i simply . more than anything i to just get inside . mark and i to walk toward his building moving quickly and quietly . we t run but we could be confused for power . i could hear the shaking in his hand . we t speak and i tried not to look at the car as we came closer . but there were some i . i could hear the car . but as we closer it t sound like a normal engine . it almost like a low growl almost like someone was trying to impersonate an engine . the tail were on but when i at them they were just glowing not light produced by a bulb . i also t see a license plate . where one would be was a jumble of that might look like or . what made me nearly stop moving was the fact that the car to be slightly expanding and . it t that noticeable until we were almost at the door . i only saw it out of the corner of my eye but the car like it was breathing . when i at the tail that s what confirmed i t just seeing because not only were they moving slightly up and down they were slowly expanding and . mark must have it too but he t say anything . we stayed as close to the building as possible and were basically hugging the wall . even from that distance i could feel a low burst of warm air coming from the car . it carried with it a slightly musky scent which i probably t have over the other city had i not been paying attention . when we got to the door mark his . the made a loud clatter when they hit the ground and for a moment the growling engine sound stopped . just for a moment because it immediately back up . mark down his and through them looking for the right one . behind us i could just feel like something was watching us the hair on the back of my neck was sticking straight up . finally mark found the right key turned the lock and he practically threw me inside before rushing past me and the door . once inside we practically up to his second floor apartment . when we got inside we kept the off and spent the next few just trying to catch our breath . finally mark to the window and i him . the car was still there . i to ask a question but mark help up a hand and then put his finger to his . the look in his made me stay silent . a few later he up and pointed . i saw a group of four people the same drunken from tonight . they spotted the car and the woman inside . when she t respond they all surrounded the car shouting more obscene to her . finally one of them tried to open the driver s side door . i a loud hiss and all four men fell to the ground . the sides of the car but not the way a car would . the sides just folded back and long whipped out the four unconscious men and dragged them inside . the folded back and the car or whatever it was away . the thing could move and in it was gone . what the hell ? i when i saw mark relax . what the hell is that ? what just ? we need to call the police ! and tell them what ? mark told me . that some thing as a woman in a luxury car just four ? how did you know what it was ? i my brain still from what had just . we don t know what those are . ? as is more than one thing ? i . mark as he went to his a six pack and told me to sit down . they showing up last fall . they only come out at night and they stick to the . we never gotten a really good look at them at least those of us who care about living through the night . they all look like luxury but as you saw they are slightly off . we think that they are some new predator we never seen before . it people in my looking like a helpless woman sitting in a nice car . as you can see that tactic works . why haven t you gone to the police ? you think we t ? mark said . they were the first people we . they t exactly take us seriously and to arrest us for making crank . can t you record them ? maybe put the video on the . we tried that too said mark . from far away you can t really see anything . from close up you don t come back . and yes we tried mounting . either the destroy them or avoid them altogether . what about i for and mark handed me a beer . no we re not going to do anything mark told me taking long drink . anything you come up with we already thought of . as long as we follow the and are careful we re fine . believe it or not i still mark while he lived there . we did spot a few more of those and just gave them a wide berth . but the last time i before mark in with his now husband we t see any of those . either someone had figured out how to chase them off or people had gotten wise and they had to hunt elsewhere . i t see one of those again until my third year of teaching . i stated before that charter school is basically in the middle of the countryside . i d say middle of nowhere but we re in . is hardly nowhere . sorry but my state pride won t allow me to say otherwise . there are only a few in and out of the school . one road a long and path to a state highway . the biggest road is a direct connection to the town next door . i don t want to tell you the actual town s name so i m calling it . my de plume t far off because a lot of the town s economy is based on supporting the school . all in and out of the school go through them . the mail is handled by their post office . from and other cannot be sent directly from the school and must instead be sent there . then we get a delivery . that s another rule for another time . still being the new guy i drew more than my share of delivery duty . basically i watch the delivery unload trucks and supervise the as they cart everything inside . anything specifically sensitive is handed directly to the delivery monitor . i to call it delivery engineer but was soundly . the people making the are usually the same but sometimes we get a new face in the mix . this helping unload the sam t have been more than nineteen . sam was a hard worker but he was also easily distracted since this was his first time at the school . after the delivery was unloaded the older in the crew with us as the the into the school . it was already dark outside as we were already into and there was one of many usual for the delay . i think it was a parade this time . we always understood though it could lead to very late nights . sam was the first one to notice the car . it was a distance away from the truck just down the drive . it must have snuck in while we were distracted by the shipment . by the time any of us he was missing it was too late . when we around to the front of the truck we saw him approaching an car . it was facing away from us and i immediately that it was one of those car . i towards sam and at him to get away but he either t hear me or t care . he was smiling pushing his hair back and his final as he on the window . i the car release the gas so i stopped in my and out my arms causing the to skid to a halt . it was already too late . the rear car door folded open and a tentacle sam s body inside before the creature off into the darkness in the direction of the . the delivery crew had a lot of and it was clear that they t seen one of these before . i told them everything and how i seen them in . while it s not exactly out of character for them to appear here i them that these will be in and that they need to get the word out pronto . as they up and drove off i noted that they t seem too broken up about sam s loss . maybe they were just used to it or maybe they decided that anyone who himself eaten only himself to blame if he t follow the . i don t really know their but i know they have them especially for making here . naturally this was up by a very late meeting with . he d of these but t think they would come here . yet again nothing to surprise this man but then i suppose you don t last long in his job if you don t keep track of every threat out there that might move to your school . i shudder to think what his browsing history like . we spent the next day of the threat and i t hold back of my own story . at we learned that telling all the gory will save . fortunately these still prefer to hunt on the so most t even come close to seeing one . was the one who a new rule forbidding from going near the faculty parking lot . we rarely drove so it was basically long term parking . sure enough the next night we spotted one of those sitting in one of the empty parking . honestly even i might have it if i t actively looking . i was in charge of keeping people away from the parking lot while we figured out what to do . i the to just rush in and take care of it but while i saw them looking at the creature from a safe distance away they t go near . i feel i should point out that we knew very little about the except that it s not ever a good idea to offend them . they appear when they mean to and then choose which they deal with . some like the are dealt with severely . other apparent only merit a glance if that . so it clear that they t going to be dealing with this thing . i figured the best strategy was to simply deny it food and it would go elsewhere . that to work . we saw the creature for three more nights and then we t see it for a while . i figured that it had on . it t it had just gotten . once the threat had we stopped the parking lot . that s when a few hormone driven decided to sneak out there together . it was four two who had discovered that one of the had left a hide a key to her in an easy to find magnetic box in the wheel well . so the would sneak out when it was dark but not before out and make out in the van . i was just leaving the dining hall after dinner chatting with graham when a student ran in from outside . she was screaming and just said it s in the parking lot and took her ! it took . and i immediately ran outside and froze . the car mimic was back and this time it t being subtle . its side were open and were pounding on the as three inside and tried to keep the shut . i thought the creature and i guess that it was . that s why it t satisfied with only one student . it them all . fortunately it to be weakening because it was which is why it t just rip the off the . i had no idea what to do . i t know if the were going to help . i around for something we could use as a weapon . perhaps throw something at the mimic to distract it . as i was scanning the ground i t see pull something from her purse and carefully close the distance on the mimic . it was still trying to beat its way into the car so it t notice unleash a torrent of pepper spray directly into the of its flesh right where the were coming out . apparently that thing really t like getting pepper there because it so hard that it against another car and on its back . it tried to swat with a tentacle but she had back and so it just the parking lot . hard enough to leave a clear imprint in fact . get out of there ! and i both to the . the one couple and wasted no time getting out . that just left a senior who had already received early acceptance to several of her choice . yale . she t move no matter how much we . i thought she was in shock and so i nearly rushed into the to drag her out . me by the belt and then put an arm around my waist and me back . we both tumbled backwards onto the parking lot and my up from the residual pepper spray on her hand . i only know what next because told me . had slowly stepped out of the and towards the thrashing mimic . she t even when it finally itself . she kept walking towards it saying nothing . as soon as she was close enough the creature her her into its body and off towards the . i think it took . bees two to finally convince me that saved my life . i was so angry at her though because i thought i could have saved . she d been one of my best and i d been there when she d learned about getting into yale . i t understand at the time just how much she d how they d applied to the same how they were a life together . i t save someone who at that moment t want to be saved . i think about that moment still . i think about what we could have done differently . i ask every what if question i can think of but even the perfect solution in my head t change the reality . that said now i also carry pepper spray with me . which a lot of and a favor to be later . it won t help in every situation or even most here . but the way i see it it might have save . when i later spoke to after she kindly me for being a jackass to her after she d saved my life i her why she had pepper spray . she sadly and said this school t the only place with . this ' t the only rule we have about . said he was getting clean again . this time he really meant it . he had already checked into and was meeting with his twice a week . he told us that he us . everything from the moment he through the front door and his coat over the lone hanger in the closet it was just another one of his tall tales . tate had made it very clear in the days leading up to thanksgiving that he was opposed to inviting our older brother over . deep down i knew it was a bad idea too . whenever came back telling us he was trying to turn his life around it really meant that he us for something . had been the bad egg of the family since our in a car accident while we were and our stepped up to take us in . he ' d been the same throughout his adolescence with our too old and beaten down to reign him in . so many nights of our teenage tate and i would stay in and watching only to brace ourselves when we coming up the porch and stumbling in up and always angry . when our finally all they had left in their estate was the house to pass down to us . it ' t taken long for us to grow so sick of the constant and s strung out out on the couch every night that we eventually had to kick him out and try and make it on our own . one third share of a two story house smack in the middle of saint suburbia ' t worth much . it was maybe enough money to float his drug and escort for a couple of at the most . wherever the money had gone it was clear it had run out by the time that thanksgiving rolled around . we ' d broken our golden rule and our to him one more time . we ' d even tried to take it seriously that year . i ' d ordered an organic turkey from a specialty grocer and tate had spent sides of potatoes stuffing broccoli salad and even baked an apple pie for dessert . his immense appreciation by wobbling while he to keep his balance in the front hall . his were red around the and he at the left side of his neck like he to peel off the outer of skin . his plaid shirt and jeans with paint all around the like they were on their tenth time being worn without a wash . his . he all over the room like he had trouble making out the familiar around him . he at us and we feigned back . we were both so nervous . just how far off the deep end would this night go ? perhaps we ' d have to physically force him out if got out of hand . we ' d made sure the house was dry . we ' d even the wine and whiskey glasses so he ' t get inspired . there was a glass pitcher with ice water smack in the middle of the table and that ' s all that the three of us would have to drink that night . " want to sit on the couch ? " tate towards the living room and then headed back for the kitchen . " dinner ' s almost ready . just need to set the table and i ' bring everything out . " at the dinner table like the idea of sitting down him half to death . " . i ' stand for now . " he kept fidgeting at the front door . he kept looking over his shoulder and out the window . like even he knew that this whole thing was a bad idea and he should just make an excuse to jump ship now for all of our . " just get " from my car . be right back . " he ' d the door behind him before either of us had a chance to answer . we at each other and . the whole thing was all too like we were reading from a script . he probably an extra hit of whatever he d been on all day before he could stomach sitting down for a period of longer than fifteen . there was nothing we could do about it aside from not let it bother us . i setting cutlery and tate brought the food over one by one . the arrangement elegant when it was complete . our late grandmother would have been if she was still around to see it . we gave another five before we eating without him . it ' t something that to be . we ' t need to bother on him to see when he was coming back . the food would only get colder with more time spent on a wasted cause . we scooped big onto our plate and digging in . eating with just the two of us t hurt that badly . it never does when you prep yourself for the worst case scenario ahead of time . we both our and sat there at the table for some time when we were done . every once in a while i would glance over to the door waiting for the moment where would burst back in like nothing with some up story about how he got a call from a friend in need or how he ' t find whatever the hell he was looking for in his car . then it hit me . that degenerate t have a car . he ' d never one and t even tried to get his license as best as i could remember . i went to the front window and out . the driveway was empty . . . as i ' m sure it had been the entire time . probably had one of his drop him or he had all the way from whatever ghetto part of town he lived in . he probably took off down the street the moment he he ' t mentally stable enough to sit down for a proper dinner with his . it like all the were entertaining thanksgiving company with their narrow on sprawling city lots stuffed with three or four at least . a single black van was on the street directly in front of our house . it was one of the with no lining the back . i pictured over inside and desperately taking another hit before he could find the confidence to come back in . the van shook gently but no door ever . i drew the shut and then my phone buzzing on the counter where i ' d left it to not distract from our precious family meal . sure enough it was ' s phone and the rational part of me was screaming to let it go to . then again maybe i ' d find the confidence to tell him how i truly felt over the phone . the cat always to have my tongue whenever i saw him in person . at first all i were his on the other end . when ' s voice finally came through it was shrill and desperate . something was wrong . he t have the finesse to fake it that well . he over his and ' t find a way to string more than a couple together at a time . it was so predictably . he d to himself up . i ' t want to piss away any more time trying to figure out what was wrong with him ? i wish i would have been jaded enough to just up the phone right then and there . i back at tate who forward in his chair with his on his . he back at me apathetically no more interested in the gibberish he could hear coming from the other line . when was finally able to find his he was suddenly composed . " y ' all to come to the reservoir behind the house . came down here to stretch my n slipped . need some help " up ! " " the are you doing back at the reservoir ? you said you were going to your car and there ' s nothing in the driveway . " " to stretch my . i ' m sorry brother . i need you to come back n " help me up . my ankle up real good . " " get your ass up and hobble back here yourself . we ' pack you a doggy bag and you can walk your ass home . " suddenly ' s voice very stern threatening even . " listen brother . you and tate walk down here to the reservoir now or i ' m call up my to go over there and make you . would y all like that ? " i up to tate again and it was clear he could still hear word for word . he got up from his seat and went to put his jacket on . i stood there speechless . into a burst of shrill laughter on the other end of the line like he ' d gotten the upper hand . he hung up before i could find any more . " what are we do ? " i tate while he fished through the front cupboard looking for his and hat . " i guess we ' go down to the reservoir ? " the reservoir was a quarter mile walk downhill from the end of our . i ' d always felt lucky we had it there . it meant our property was one of the rare in the city where we ' t have towering over our . i ' d fished some old from underneath the kitchen sink and both of us hopped over and headed back . it was surprising would made it back there on his own . he would have been forced to hop a fence somewhere . i what condition we ' d find him in . maybe he ' d be lying on his back and in the dirt after the adrenaline rush he had on the phone faded . maybe he ' d be sitting calmly on one of the concrete trying to the whole thing and claim i was . it was surprisingly dark once we got down there . i suppose we were far enough away from any of the suburb streets to get much illumination . we the all over the empty space . we saw the familiar concrete with little poking out between them all the way down to the sewer opening . by on the overpass a couple of to the west . everything as was it should . except . . . was nowhere to be seen . " " tate said under his breath . " he s never where he he is . " there t any use in away more time looking for him . we our way back towards the house . wherever was and however he had made his distress so convincing over the phone we ' t going to let it be our problem . i was determined to draw my line in the sand from that point forward and make sure that i ' t let my older brother or his predictable invade my for the remainder of the evening . the plan maybe two . we that had once again us over before we even made it inside the house . the rear door had even been left swinging open in the cold air . the whole place had been . all the had been off the table with the smeared deliberately all over the floor . had been off the wall and all the cupboard drawers had been out and around . tate dashed to the front door which had also been left hanging open and locked it . i ran to the garage to grab two baseball bats which i was thankful ' t been stolen . we went through the house together slowly growing more as we that everything portable and remotely valuable had been taken . even our grandmother s gold necklace which she had to her mother and then had back to her was gone . we kept in a little nook behind the fireplace for the very reason of it being stolen . only or someone who knew us well could have thought to look there . amid all the contempt i had felt towards my older brother in that moment i was amazed he had composed himself well enough to divert us so convincingly and even further that he was so quick to clean us out . we were gone out of the house for seven or eight at the most . he ' d made remarkably quick work of it . i supposed that kind of talent came with time practice . tate and i said very little to each other for the remainder of the evening . we picked up as best we could and made our way to bed both of us taking our baseball bats with us for protection . i triple checked that every door and window was locked before turning out the . i ' d be damned if i ever let that step foot in that house again . sleep ' t come easily that night . i ' d spent more time tossing and turning than i did lying still . the anger had seeped down to my core and my from the inside out . for whatever little amount of time i to stay asleep the resentment towards my older brother found its way to wriggle into every corner of my . it was exactly two in the morning when i first hearing the tapping . it ' t feel real at first more like i was still half stuck in the mist of one of my . however the longer it the more impossible it to ignore . i was partially grateful for a purpose to get out of bed . i thought maybe the wind was blowing the tops of one of the scattered across the against the window . i drew the thinking nothing of it at first . when i saw standing there at the second story level i would have thought i was still had my heart not several . the window the upper two portion of the wall . there was a narrow ledge of brick lining the outside that you could maybe get just enough of your on top of to support your weight . even then it ' t explain how he ' d to climb up there in the first place . there was no access point that i could think of . his head was maybe a foot or two above mine . his skin sickly white in the pale light from the street . he back at me with dead . the look of a man strung out and barely in touch with the reality around him . the kind of semi catatonic state you would need to be in to think that climbing up there was a good idea in the first place . i took a step back he forward and his cheek against the glass . i tried to scream for tate but no sound my mouth . was my older brother seriously about to break in through the second story window ? had he tried all entry on the first floor and was now to if i ' d locking one of the on the second ? his hand to the far right end . it like he was trying to wedge his into the crack between the window and the wall . the rage that had been bottled up within me the entire night to spill out . no social restraint could hold it back right then and there . i punching the glass and driving my shoulder into it . i tried to create enough force to startle him enough so he would lose his grip and fall back first to the lawn below . " you ! you ! " i screaming at the top of my . i myself harder into the glass . still he did not budge . it ' s almost like he ' t acknowledge that i was even there . he was so on that space between the wall and the edge of the window . the commotion had been enough to wake tate up . his from the room over until he was right up next to me . he at me in a state of horror and disbelief . " the ' s still trying to get in " i said weakly . " what ? " tate . i turned back to the window and saw the space was empty . it was the same for the lawn below and all the surrounding area that we could see . there was no indent on the grass no scruff anywhere that would suggest he ' d fallen back and to quickly scurry away . i t press hard trying to explain to tate what i d seen in the window but i to convince him to camp out in my room for the remainder of the night . i ' t let myself sleep another wink . i was doubtful i could even if i tried . we both sat on the floor of my bedroom with our against the wall and our bats in between our . i kept staring out the window part of me deep down to try his luck climbing up again . we calling the at first but figured it ' t get us very far unless we could actually track him down . there was still part of me worried about ' s health even though it was vastly by my innate desire to self protect . if there was any silver lining in all the madness it was that there was a distinct brotherly bond that had only been that night between tate and me . it all from the disdain from our older brother just as it always had and always would . it ' t seem like such a long time before the night sky finally to brighten . the tops of the in the to show their texture and i could even see back to the reservoir . i might have we bundle up and walk somewhere high enough where we might be able to catch the sunrise . maybe we could stop somewhere for an early black breakfast . we both to our ready and able to fight off if he was going to force another confrontation . around the side of the house and then towards the front door . then very faintly a voice whispered something that i ' t make out . we ' t waste any time . we downstairs with our bats and ready to strike down . there would be no second guessing that time . everything was remarkably still on the main floor when we . we tip toed into the front hall he ' d been foolish enough to stay there thinking that we ' t him . right before we it we that same voice on the other side . tate at me and . we our bats and unlocked the front door . he tried to push it open but it ' t budge . he checked the lock again and shook his head . he into it harder the second time but still it ' t move . i tried pushing with him and it felt like we were pressing against a brick wall . something was very wrong . ' t strong enough to hold the door up against us even if he tried . we had been in . there was no other explanation . that ' s when i the proof in our surroundings . there was very little of the morning light flooding in downstairs . all the whichever ' t already covered by had been over . " no . no . no . " i said in a panicked voice and through the main floor looking for any exit that ' t blocked . " why would the lock us in ? " tate at me and for the first time in i thought he might catch him crying . " did you hear anything during the night ? how could he do it so fast ? " he . " come follow me and i ' show you . " ' s voice shrill from the top of the like he had been waiting for that exact question . we both to the bottom and sure enough we saw our sickly looking older brother staring down at us from the top . he so apathetic . like his sneaking in our house to torture us was so easy it hardly amused him . we up towards him . both our bats were raised and there was no doubt in my mind that we would have beaten him within an inch of his life if we could have gotten our on him . he for my room and we gaining more ground with every step . he had the window wedged all the way open . he out of it with incredible finesse and landed squarely on his on the back lawn . he kept running without breaking his stride and hopped the fence like it was nothing . he was already halfway towards the reservoir while tate and i were still trying to figure out how we would shimmy ourselves out . neither of us could believe it . we at each other and then gingerly slid our ways out the window and fell onto our in on the lawn . we ran as hard as we could after him thinking that he could have only gotten so far and ' t have anywhere to hide once we had him trapped down in the reservoir . the harsh reality was that we would never saw again after that . we in every nook and cranny and his name like bloody murder into the early morning air all to no avail . for the second time that night he had us down there only to disappear . i was lost . i was so angry and so desperately for to be around so i could take it all out on him . he ' d done it . he ' d found a way to break us even more than he already had in the night . i turned back to our house and his name one more time . " ! " it was like my voice had been a timer . i saw the first of the orange rising above the roof shortly before i smelled the smoke . i back towards our house like i was in a daze . the grew higher and higher and by the time i the back fence it was like the whole thing had been in one giant fireball . the house was the last thing he could take from us . and what a show he ' d put on in doing so . my phone in my pocket . i it without looking . wildly on the other line . i fell to my and kept listening . the fire had grown taller than the . tate and i spent the next several at the police station sitting in a grey room with nothing but four a metal table and a circular wall clock next to the door . i don t think the ever really suspected us of being guilty of starting the fire but we definitely raised some when we gave our rendition of the that led up to it . the problem was simple there was physical evidence to contradict the story we gave them . and once they told us what they knew and then even us the evidence in there was nothing more we could say to explain ourselves . t have been responsible for tormenting us all night and then ultimately burning down our house because he had been shortly after he told us he to check something in his car . the car he was talking about was really that black van i saw on the street in front of our house . it to some drug kingpin who had to follow him over promising him he could get the money from us to pay his . the amount was in the six digit range . that s the only way so many higher would have been involved first hand . must have had a change of heart when he stepped in and saw us nervous for his visit . he went back out to plead his case and they dragged him back inside the van and slit his throat right on the spot . the police knew about this before we to report the fire . they caught the two with dumping s body in a park a couple of over . they already had his body in morgue and had the two in for and selling everyone out well before we were ever on their radar . the debt had been worth more than s life alone . he d been too big of a problem for them for too long . they ours as well . at first they the house to gun us down while we ate unsuspecting at the dining table . of course we d been down to the reservoir at that time . they must have just us given the and they decided to rob us of everything we had before coming back for us later on . it took seven men several to board up all the in our house quietly in the night without us hearing but they were sure they got every exit most certainly my bedroom window . there was no way we would have been able to get the off from the inside . they the house after they us yelling and running up the thinking they would sit and listen as the turned into burning anguish . only by some miracle did we head down to the reservoir for the second time when we did . they checked my phone for the call from . there was nothing . his phone had been shortly after they d him and onto the street . i could still hear his wild laughter in my head yet there was no way he could have . there was no way he could have been back at the window or back inside our house . there was no way he was ever actually down at the reservoir . perhaps he truly did love us . j . d . rule never ride the escalator . . r jzoi an elevator repairman rule never ride ? medium android source share don ' t get off until the door is open all the way . . r jeq an elevator repairman this is why you dont get ? medium android source share don ' t get on without looking . . r jigcl an elevator repairman here is rule never ? medium android source share don ' t try to save yourself . . r jdo an elevator repairman rule dont try to save ? medium android source share don ' t ride with the devil . . r jyi an elevator repairman rule dont ride with ? medium android source share don ' t lie about your weight if you want to live . . r jjo an elevator repairman rule is simple dont ? medium android source share don t ram the with your mobility scooter . . r jdfoe an elevator repairman here is rule dont ram ? medium android source share don t jump in the elevator . . r an elevator repairman rule dont jump in the ? medium android source share we re being out . there s only a few of us left . . r jnwhy an elevator repairman were being out ? medium android source share my travelogue from hell and how i lost my to an escalator . . r jziq an elevator repairman my travelogue from hell ? medium android source share will be my final entry . maybe for just a little while but maybe forever . i explain in a minute . hope i given you some helpful on death while . if you choose to ignore my advice i know that i at least tried to educate you all on how to stay safe . when you re in a hurry maybe now you wait before getting off too quickly so as not to be crushed to death by the door closed on you your body in half and causing a shower of blood and viscera to explode upon any unfortunate . now you know to take the if you have that option . since choosing to take a ride on an escalator is no minor decision . remember rule and how they can collapse at any moment falling backwards when the fail . or how you can easily have your into the steel teeth at the bottom or an errant toe perhaps . avoid flip if you need to ride an escalator . course you have to watch the weight limit while riding . never jump while you re inside . and for crying out loud don t crash into the with your mobility scooter ! can go on and on the for you but if you haven t read them just take a look for yourself . if you need a reason just take a quick look on the and peruse the multitude of related to and like i have and you realize you need all the help you can get when dealing with them . back to the matter at hand and the reason why i won t be posting any more here for a while at least . been . i m no longer an elevator repairman . now i m something different . something better . battle between the devil and in the throne room of hell was a sight to see . and i will try to explain what as best i can but you have to understand that most of it was happening in a dimensional paradox bubble that really hurt my to keep looking at so i spent a lot of the fight just looking at the ground and trying not to throw up . it was like staring at a light . both each other with their long in hand . s giant from beneath his black trench coat and like platinum in the reflected light of the fire and lava which surrounded us . his as well obsidian steel . they reflected no light and only to absorb it nothing escape . was the first to attack thrusting his sword point with incredible speed . the devil by spinning away and with an expert move that caught one of s part of it cleanly off . it fell to the rock floor with a clang . seeing the expression on s face . he was clearly the better swordsman with just a single exchange . for him to attack next confused by the counter attack and worried for his safety . his sword satan confidently towards him then casually to attack with his offhand striking while backed away and with an extreme effort to defend himself . he was no match for his older brother who was a far better fighter . we have to do something pete whispered to me . what can we do ? they re supernatural we re just . he kill us if we get anywhere near him . both had to give it some serious thought . i was wishing we had this out better . for some reason i was everything to work out with s help . a back up plan had never been . suddenly formed a ball of energy with a circular motion of his sword which them both while they fought . the white light from within was warming us even from a distance and to affect in a negative way . the fight was suddenly looking more even as got in several good with his sword and to sever a piece of s wing which now hung and broken . they were both cut up and bloodied with the rapidly beginning to mount . light to heal while it in turn burnt s skin . he smoked and and to form across his flesh revealing muscle and bone beneath as it melted away . ! he as he in the white light with his sword . the of them were distorted and difficult to look at like they were in a painting their twisted and warped from the distortion by whatever pocket dimension they were fighting in . maybe we won t need to do anything after all i said . it like he might have this handled . suddenly sprung from the around us while was distracted . the were dark as black and their teeth were the only visible white and long sharp and pointed dripping venom the colour of snot . the one creature said licking its with a long y shaped tongue . we youth now . you re down here meddling with . other creature its head in agreement with whatever it was the other one had said and they to drag us away their black digging into our flesh and causing blood to flow . i tried to scream for assistance from but my mouth was quickly covered and i saw he was too wrapped up in his fight to see . were being dragged out of the throne room away from our only friend who could save us . my heart was racing and i could feel it in my temple and in my . my fear was impossible to describe at that moment . i had just seen the of hell for myself and they were more terrible and than anything i could have . the nameless everywhere being tortured and help captive for all eternity . a metaphor i had once . a mountain made of granite the size of mount . thousand a bird comes by and on the peak of the mountain . the bird its beak there and away . then it a thousand later and does the same thing again . it this cycle over and over every thousand . over a time incalculable and unimaginable to man the mountain is ground down to a single grain of sand . and that my is the first day of eternity . t help but think about that little metaphor as we were being dragged away from our only chance of escape the guy currently fighting the devil to the death . the idea of spending that amount of time stuck down here was terrifying to say the least . struggling only made our more aggressive and we made no progress in our to escape . they were dragging us towards another doorway this one was massive and made of ebony wood decorated with the of of nameless . the and from within i could hear the tormented of of people . blood that sent a shiver down my spine and made me feel faint with fear . we have a down here for the creature holding me whispered pushing me roughly inside into the darkness which no light or warmth . i immediately colder like stepping out of the sun on a chilly day and into the of a building where the sun had not yet that morning only by infinity . dragged us down the tunnel and i to shiver and scream and the rattled shut behind us . would not find us down there i . he would have no idea where we were . lack of light in the place where we were was and . the to be all around us now and were ear piercing and terrible . my and to feel numb . my nose felt like it would fall off from the cold . were left there roughly into a crowd and absorbed into it . i was suddenly surrounded by tightly and weeping screaming and shaking and panicked . someone me by the and to shake me screaming at me to let them out . to help them . to warm them . felt like i t breathe surrounded by so many people together . they against me and into me as the people and for space . the which against me should have felt warm and alive but instead they felt cold as of ice only freezing me further . long we were down there i m not sure . but i remember feeling a warm hand squeeze mine and i it back . it me out of the crowd and it to get quieter behind me . the before me and the light of hell was a surprisingly pleasant sight to see . any light was better than that unforgiving freezing darkness . and the warmth was inviting like a fireplace in the winter . was beat up bleeding from a thousand great and small . his hung tattered and torn to looking less like platinum now and more like a half plucked chicken . thank you i said panting . i him fiercely my teeth still my entire body shaking from the cold we had just . you s s s s saved us ! i can t tell you how a f f f f fraid i was down there that you were n n n n never coming back . was beside me shivering with full body his face a mask of horror . his around with a look i had never seen before but would realize later as shell shock . . whatever you want to call it i have it now too . is he dead ? i . no . he can t be . but he agreed to leave you alone at least for now . you have what you . a new cease fire . a temporary treaty . and playfully waved the limb of shaking it like a maraca . an arm ? he the arm of the king of the underworld into the lake of fire and we could hear a scream of pain from the throne room nearby as if had felt it being . all at that despite our recent brush with eternal suffering and to walk through the cavernous room back towards the great escalator . few tried to stop us along the way but they were no match for who quickly of with an effortless energy wave which their to disintegrate the drifting off and floating away like ashes in the wind . above us will haunt me forever . the countless which were driven through the rock ceiling above us and kicking screaming and writhing like living and tortured . of hell was worse than the i have but i see no reason to cause you to experience for the rest of your existence by them to you . the suffering was unimaginable incalculable . we got to the entrance the two were nowhere to be found . i where they could have gone and if they on an ambush somewhere further up ahead . escalator was turned off and we it cautiously . out his key and inserted it in the slot turning it into the up position . the thing to life once again and the to roll upwards towards earth . home . stepped on wordlessly and it to ascend . were only about twenty up when we the of on the stone floor behind us . we over our and saw innumerable from the doorway . they were following us in the and waiting for us to use our one sacred key to turn on the escalator . the sneaky were going to ride up to earth and invade . had to stop them . to run up the steel staircase gaining on us . run ! we have to beat them to the top ! i and pete to run ahead of me . up the moving staircase and tried to outpace the who us . the smell of sulphur up to us from below the group of them had impressive b . o . ugh ! that stink i was and puffing but saw that pete was really struggling . go ahead of me . i catch up he breathing heavily . he handed me the key to the escalator . take this ! was up ahead his pace to match ours ready to defend us if the need arose . but there were too many of them even for him . all the of hell to be us . they had not to halt our escape from the underworld i only to gain this opportunity for invasion . fear me as i them close behind me . i went past pete thinking he had it in him still to make it to the top . i ran as quickly as i could my cowardice only obvious with the clarity of hindsight . i ran ahead of him up speed and the top i him scream . back and saw he had been by them . over him like devouring him without stopping . his for help almost stopped me but my fear me on and i hurried along faster . i t have time to mourn for my friend my mentor . his death was lost quickly in the enormity of our dilemma . felt the weight of the key in my hand and ran as quickly as i could trying not to trip on the constantly moving staircase . trying not to think about what would happen to me if i fell . or if the chain snapped and this escalator to suddenly fall backwards at terminal velocity down an infinite distance to the underworld where we would be trapped without a chance of escape . ahead i saw the top of the escalator with waiting there . toss me the key ! he . thinking i threw it at it him and dove over the precipice and into our reality . turned the key quickly and in an instant the horde beneath us was up in darkness . with the escalator turned off they were trapped in the limbo between hell and earth for eternity . or until someone turned the key again . handed back the key with a reverent look on his face . see that no one that . ever . my exactly . my exactly . to me . a worried notion . what about pete ? what will happen to him ? is he stuck in there with them now ? at me his face impossible to read . those are way above my pay grade . ask the big man upstairs one day when you get the chance . maybe he be able to tell you . i get the feeling he be alright though . like he before we could turn the escalator off which the normal would have applied after his death . let s hope anyways . if you find out let me know . ? you got it . turned and to walk away but i hung around for a minute . he stopped and back at me from a little distance away . hey you want a job ? you seem like you can handle yourself under pressure . and we need more like that . it t be easy work mind you . what s the job description ? and thought about it briefly . there s a lot of up here from below now that there s all these that t supposed to be around . we need help them down getting rid of them before they can do too much damage . the we mostly shut down already but the who are already here well we just have to wrangle them up one by one and send them back to hell where they belong . you up for the challenge ? dangerous . it is . and it will be . but we provide protection . you be mostly safe if you follow our and let us train you . and you have a partner . so let me get this straight . you want me to quit elevator repair . and become a demon ? correct . yeah . that s just about the most bad ass thing i ever . i m in . like a trip . alright then follow me . to walk again leaving me behind . just a second i catch up i ahead to him . took out my trusty and a pencil and hastily a note which i hung on the escalator panel where the key would normally go but where it would never go again . not as long as i was alive to defend it . i away rushing to catch up with i back at it and at the message i had left there . the memorial . escalator out of service pete . . r ? medium android source share i don ' t know how long this will stay up for three letter agency are usually pretty good at finding these of and shutting them down before it can spread too far . but hopefully i ' left out just enough trigger to keep their automatic from this up immediately . but that probably won ' t be enough in the end . they ' find this and me and that ' be the end of that . you should also know that i ' the of everyone involved here as well as some other for sake of security and privacy . at least for as long as i still have it . some of these had family and i don ' t want any of them stumbling across this . it ' s always difficult trying to decide where to begin this story no matter how many times i ' written this draft without submit . but i suppose that everything really off in early when my unit was to . we ' d been rotating in and out of country for going on three by that point . despite what the talking in said about draw and sending home there were more active in that part of the world than most people would imagine . they ' d just gone under the radar . more clandestine activity less open warfare than before . " secret squirrel " as our to put it . i won ' t say exactly who we were . comes with the nature of our job you know . but to keep broad our unit fell under the purview of the united joint special command or . a catch all command structure for certain special in the military . army navy air force marine corps hell i ' m pretty sure there were even a few coast guard floating around in there somewhere . we ' t the kind of to just walk around or sweeping for ' s that ' t in our job description . i still remember what one of my said to me " we do bad to bad people . " you ' t get into special because you to win hearts and . most of our were pretty cut and dry . at least as cut and dry as clandestine can be . capture kill stuff and lots of intelligence gathering . i lost count of how many we wasted sitting on some frozen mountainside staring through a spotting scope counting how many times some potential insurgent went out to feed his . but in of that year we all got thrown for a loop when some ground branch agent up at our forward operating base fob seemingly out of nowhere telling us that we were with the most critical mission of the past fifty even than the bin laden raid . i ' admit that not many of us him at first . but as he us recon phone surveillance footage all the fell into place and we all nearly a brick . according to him the had been a terrorist cell operating out of who were trying to get their on nuclear material . either to make a dirty bomb or a proper nuke it ' t matter . now this ' t news to us al had been trying to obtain a nuclear bomb for at this point . but this group simply known as " the brotherhood " had actually . based on intelligence they ' d gotten in touch with a former soviet general who had access to a non trivial amount of nuclear material specifically grade plutonium . they ' d gone into done the deal and were now on their way back to . and other assets had tracked them as far as the border and then they into the seemingly without a trace . and that ' s where we came in . " operation condor " . all in all it ' t a terribly complex mission . find the bad kill their and secure the plutonium . but " simple " ' t mean easy . the area was mountain terrain with almost zero friendly in the immediate vicinity and with a strong enemy presence . we back and forth for a good few until settling on a plan . one team of ten inserted via helicopter near the last known location of the target . they would hike in engage the enemy secure the asset and then extract . it was tempting to send in every warm body we had for the extra firepower but more men on the ground meant a more prominent signature for the enemy . it ' s much easier to sneak ten into a spot rather than forty . i ' t hesitate to volunteer . it ' t out of bravado or wanting the glory or hunting for that next adrenaline surge or anything like that . i ' d just gotten of doing nothing but tedious recon for on end . plus i ' d some extra training for dealing with so it made sense for me to tag along . after the team was picked we spent most of the night hammering out the trying to think of every possible contingency and how to plan for it . but we all knew there were certain you just can ' t see coming in advance . in the of the great mike everyone a plan until they get in the mouth . the moon was full the next night as we got our gear together and the . thankfully the snow had stopped though it was still bitterly cold . i tried to bundle up as best i could in the back of the as it to life the scream of the soon out the i ' d been through my headset . some just sat over the communication system but i just tried to sleep . you never knew when those extra few of would come in handy later on . joey our team lead woke me when we were ten out from the landing zone . i checked my equipment one last time and the night vision down over my them on and blinking as my vision was filled with the pale green light . the airframe shook under us as the helicopter dipped below the mountain the aircraft and shaking it like a tin can in a hurricane . but to his credit the pilot did his job and we touched down a few later rushing out into the frigid night air as the rotor wash up a flurry of snow and ice . as soon as the last man the ramp the off blasting the squad with one last torrent of wind before disappearing into the night sky . and as the sound of the faded to nothing more than a faint rumble in the distance we were left in nearly total silence save for the low moaning of the wind through the mountain pass . the snow was up to my a light powder that to vanish as soon as the wind caught it . we moving right away making our way up the side of the mountain with only our night vision to see . it was just after three in the morning when we our first a rocky crag jutting out from the side of the mountain . our radio guy stopped to get the message back to command as we all took a knee and tried to catch our breath . i grew up in the of colorado and was no stranger to it long but the altitude here was another beast entirely . i was still panting as he gave us the up and the return message from command no new stay on mission . the sky to the east to lighten as we made it to the next a few later . almost three of and we ' d covered less than two . already we were tired and sore but everyone put their discomfort aside to focus on the task at hand . descending into a long draw that lead down towards the last known target location the terrain to change around us . barren snow and rock gave way to thin of pine and shrub offering us some concealment from any hostile that may be watching . but if anything we were growing more anxious by the moment . daylight was when the came out to play especially around dawn . joey us all together an hour later and we took a knee talking in . " alright " he said glancing between each of us . " we ' got two here . either we keep going now and risk getting caught out in the daylight or wait until dark . we ' d have concealment but it ' s be a bitch trying to find anything once the sun goes down even with nod ' s . ? " i pursed my for a moment . on paper joey was the one in charge and it was entirely his decision to make . but we under a slightly more informal set of than standard ground . it might be his call in the end but joey ' t one to ignore input from his team . our medic spoke up first . " i say we keep going . trying to navigate this terrain is tough enough as is doing it in the dark is just suicidal . " i in agreement . while our night vision made it possible to see in the dark they also completely ruined any sense of depth perception . it would be all too easy to take a wrong step and tumble off the side of the mountain . to share the same opinion . " i ' m with and that was bad enough when we came in . i don ' t be looking for some nuke when we ' re stumbling around out there . " in the end we all the same conclusion . push on and try to complete the mission even if that meant doing it in daylight . joey . " alright let ' s get a move on then . you ' re on point . " he to me . the landscape with a faint gold tint as the sun finally crested over the horizon . taking advantage of the long cast by the around us we through the forest while surveying the on either side searching for anything that out of place . easier said than done al and other insurgent were at and gun in these invisible until it was too late . short of thermal optics from or overhead they could be nearly impossible to spot . and the going was getting rougher . loose shale underfoot making each step treacherous . it ' t take long for my own luck to run dry . i took a step and felt the slipping out from under my boot shooting my arm out to reach for a tree branch . but there was nothing there . just empty space . i cursed under my breath and tried my footing to no avail . one foot slipped then the other and then i was skidding down the slope . i tumbled once thankfully landing on my pack with an " " as the air was driven from my frantically trying to find some way to stop my descent . and finally i found it . my arms wrapped around a thin pine sapling and i dug my in grimacing as the spindly tree bent and bowed but thankfully . taking a few deep i finally myself back up onto my my body and equipment for any damage . aside from some minor everything in order . " you good dude ? " joey suddenly at my side reaching out to grab my hand . but as i sat up to take it he froze and mouth hanging open staring at something over my shoulder . i turned and very nearly lost my footing again heart leaping into my throat and adrenaline shooting through my like ice . lying beneath a small rock not five from where i ' d stopped was a man clad in traditional dress and very obviously dead . blood spatter coated the around him from what i could only assume were the wounds he had leading to his death . the left side of his skull had been in the eyeball hanging loosely and dangling against his cheek . his jaw was twisted and snapped at an unnatural angle and three of his through the fabric of his winter jacket soaking the beige fabric in crimson . i at the sight and took a step back suddenly realizing i ' d raised my rifle and had it trained on his forehead . i it and let out a breath . " ! " up poking the corpse a few times to ensure the man was well and truly dead . " ' t look like he was shot . " he turning the body over and holding up an ak that had been pinned underneath it . out the magazine he . " empty . who ' s walking around out here with an empty rifle ? " " nobody smart . " one of our machine piped up . " think he fell doc ? maybe busted himself up all these and and ? " through the man ' s finding nothing more than a canteen . " maybe . it would make sense given the . i ' seen it before . " i my nerve and forward pointing . " if he fell " i . " then what the did that ? " turning the body over onto its side swore at the sight of a gaping wound on the side of the man ' s neck a ragged hole almost the size of a baseball that went all the way down to his spine . he for a moment the corpse slump back into place . " could ' been a coyote or big cat or something that found him after he fell decided they a snack . " " stay . it ' t matter whatever took a chunk out of him we ' still got a job to do . " joey brought us all back to the moment . " let ' s move . " we set off again taking more careful this time . but some small part of my mind ' t stay quiet even as i tried on the mission . i knew . if they ' d found that corpse they ' t have just taken a single bite . the body would have been . and there ' t been any other obvious bite . i forced those aside and got myself back into the game the beginning to wake with the chirping of and the soft howl of the wind . much to my relief the terrain to level out slightly as we onto a ridge running around the mountain though it was still rough going . to pull ourselves along and steady our pace we had to pause more than once as the altitude and strenuous our and . it was almost nine in the morning as joey for us to stop for another fiver . i found a spot to conceal myself in between two drinking deep from one of my . that was when the first broke the morning quiet . they were fairly distant just muffled and but we all for our and hurried into a perimeter out into the forest . no one spoke as the gunfire continued in the distance fading from a constant roar to just a few scattered here and there in the span of thirty and then silence . for another minute we simply laid there waiting for more wondering if the next would rip over our but none came . up to key his radio . " viper three . we ' got gunfire near our position do you have any air assets in the area that might be able to take a look ? " the reply came a few later . " viper three that ' s negative on air they ' re all tied up . are you in contact ? " joey before up again . " negative like it was about a click out not in our direction . " " copy that viper three stay safe . out . " " well a lot of help that was . " . " damn air force can ' t spare one of their fancy to help us see what we ' re walking into . " " what like you ' re ? " joey him a rare grin clapping the man on the shoulder as he stood . " c ' mon let ' s get moving . up . " the next hour much like the last few had quiet and still save for the occasional gust of biting wind or the chattering of forest . we ' t hear any more though we kept our at the ready and every few to stop and listen for any of danger that might be coming our way . we to ascend as the ridge turned into a long sloping valley leading up towards the side of the mountain ending a few hundred below the summit . i tried not to let out an audible groan at the thought of climbing up that monster of a hill . but that complaint as joey suddenly up his fist taking a knee . " see that ? " he said pointing up towards the top of the valley . i squinted reaching into my vest for a small set of and them to my . there clear as day was the entrance to a cave . it was small little more than a black speck against the and snow but there nonetheless . but that ' t what made my heart skip a beat . between two large near it sat a machine gun nest barrel pointed towards the sky . i frantically the surrounding and for any sign of enemy . there was nothing . joey took the to look for himself . " now that ' s weird . " he glaring up at the cave entrance . " these ' t the sort to just leave a machine gun post exposed like that and unmanned too . any other day we would ' been getting lit up by now . " i . and al were in camouflage and often used to signal when we were coming within range of their . to find a machine gun completely unmanned and exposed was definitely not in the norm . " so what ' s the game plan ? " i scanning the hillside . for a moment joey sat in silence glancing back at the rest of the squad before standing up . " let ' s at least go check it out . if nothing ' s there we can always mark this place for the to drop a bomb later make sure they can ' t use it again . " we the arduous task of ascending the steep valley up towards the precipice for each breath and nearly to crawl on and at some . it was slow painful going all of us just to reach the top before we out from exhaustion . the entire squad froze as joey and his hand before pointing off to a stand of about fifty ahead . a tuft of fabric sticking out from between the tree something wet coating the ground under it . i lifting my rifle and starting to advance along with him . we closed the distance and a few later the squad was kneeling in a semi circle around the object with of grim fascination . another body even more than the last . one of the man ' s arms had been or off at the shoulder his abdomen torn open as though he ' d lost an argument with an angry . meat and bone lay exposed to the cold mountain air blood coating the around him in wide . i tried to block out the look of abject terror frozen on his face as i down to pick up the rifle at his the barrel bent almost ninety like it had been twisted in a vice . " empty . " i holding up the magazine . " what the . " cursed his m . " something ' t right here . this is weird . " joey and i . and for the first time since i ' d known him i saw something strange in his . it ' t fear it ' t hesitation it was confusion . like he just ' t put the together and figure out what was going on . he took a few slow deep before stepping back from the corpse . " let ' s keep moving . " he said voice barely above a whisper . we found more the higher we scattered among the and . some as though they ' d been in a car wreck twisted and in unnatural ways . were almost apart long through their flesh or missing . we found one on a tree branch almost twenty off the ground . his blood was still dripping as we underneath . for the first time i to hear the tinkling of shell underneath my of them the ground near empty and machine . some of the had been almost totally twisted or crushed like a tin can . i ' d faced death plenty of times . had to death in my arms . i ' d watched men be in . i had seen the life drain from men ' s after i ' d shot them and seen what was left after fell on their . i ' d felt fear of course when snapped by my ear or a mortar landed just a bit too close . but this was different . there in that valley i felt terror . something deep down in my most basic of was screaming at me to turn and run and never look back . this was a place of death and i ' t belong . but i forced those aside . the rest of the team was counting on me to do my job and i the same from them . we finally the machine gun nest at least a dozen on the way up . i found the gunner himself at least what was left of him out in the snow behind the . he ' d been torn almost completely in two . i suppressed the urge to gag and spun around as a voice out . " joey we got a live one ! " was frantically as he behind an hut nothing more than some tin up against a large boulder . we all rushed over to find him kneeling next to a man whimpering and crying blood dripping down his chin while he tried to hold in his which had into his lap from a massive hole in his abdomen . " ! " joey waved his hand taking a knee next to the dying man . was our translator and a good one . all the in this area but he had it figured out . up to the scene took a moment to gather himself before shuffling forward . he spoke softly resting a hand on the man ' s shoulder . they in the insurgent occasionally raising a shaking arm to point to the cave entrance . i could see the light starting to leave his . i ' d seen it plenty of times before . his and as his shut melting into incoherent before he over out one final breath . " what ' d he say ? did you ask him about the plutonium ? " joey hard as stone . stood slowly . he was from with a bright smile and a seemingly perpetual tan . but at that moment he was as white as the snow around us blinking a few times and shaking his head to clear it . " he . . . " he his throat suddenly staring intently at the cave entrance just a few away . it was no bigger than the door on a conventional refrigerator but the inky blackness inside might as well have been a portal to another dimension . " he said that they brought the plutonium here to make a bomb . " we all bristled visibly . " but he said it ' t to use on us . " " what ? that ' t make any sense . " down at the dead man wide . continued . " he said that the tribal everyone about this place to stay away but his commander ' t listen . they this mountain as a scouting position and decided to set up a camp here . they were going to use the to hide from us and that ' s when . . . he said that ' s when they " woke it ' . " " it ? what ' s " it ' ? " joey breath in the cold air . " he said . . . here ' s the thing . some of these up here they ' been around a long time . like . . . a really long time . we ' re talking people who fought the great . and they ' got that go all the way back to before religion before written language before all of that . and some of these people believe that these are sacred and that there ' s . . . something in them that to keep it that way . and when these up to set up camp . . . " to the scene of carnage around us . " it got angry . " though it only for a few the silence that fell to last for . it was joey who spoke first . " we ' still got a mission . there ' s a of plutonium inside that cave somewhere " he pointed at the gap in the . " and we ' got to find it . " " so . . . we ' re just ignore the whole thing about some mountain spirit these up and go in there anyway ? " to the dead man at our . " i mean this with all the kindness in my heart joey but that like a stupid " idea . " " look we can ' t say for certain what these . " joey . " for all we know they ran into some opposing force got whatever . and frankly i ' m not going to stake this entire mission and a potential nuclear attack on the of a guy who was knocking on death ' s door . you all know as well as i do that some of these people are superstitious as . we ' got a job to do and we ' re going to do it . i need four with me the rest of you pull security . " in the end there were no more . and myself to go in . i checked my rifle one more time making certain that there was a round in the pipe before my down and following joey into the cave . my heart like a jackhammer and the sweat felt like a cold hand on the back of my neck as we into the darkness the infrared on our in conjunction with the night vision to light our way . whereas outside the wind and cool air to dampen the stench of death inside the cave it was almost overpowering . i almost trying to breathe through my mouth but the cloying odor forced its way into my nose and throat regardless . we in single file down the narrow path and walking at a half crouch to stop from banging our on the low ceiling . our of infrared light only visible through the night vision lit up the path ahead . it ' t take long to find the first at least what was left of them . mostly just of clothing and of gore staining the . occasionally we found part of a torso or a head maybe some arms and . more than once i almost slipped in a pile of viscera and had to catch myself taking in of the damp putrid air . the corridor slowly to widen until we were standing in a circular cavern with two more off to either side . my heart sank with the thought of to split the team very much aware of the horror movie trope that we were walking into . that was until joey my shoulder shining his beam on a wooden crate against one wall . even with the grainy view through my it ' s hard to miss a giant radiation warning symbol painted in bright yellow . i cautiously the box slinging my rifle and taking off my pack . i could hear joey and starting to set demolition to blow this place once we were finished . the on the box as i slowly it and i at the sound staring at the contents inside . a metallic sphere maybe as large as a grapefruit snugly inside a bed of foam . despite its plutonium is actually perfectly safe to handle even with your bare . the it won ' t even penetrate your skin . it only becomes truly dangerous if you inhale or ingest the material . or you know put it in a nuclear bomb . but that ' t mean i was going to just throw it in my pocket and call it a day . fishing around inside my pack i produced a finely woven cloth bag to keep any potential dust or particulate . slipping it inside the pouch and then stuffing the whole thing into my pack i stood and turned suddenly feeling as though my had been to the floor . i had seen a lot of terrifying during my time in the . men blown to screaming for their as they an enemy combatant charging at me with a bayonet intending to ram it into my stomach . you never " get used to it " but some part of your brain learning how to handle that sensation of overwhelming fear and terror how to push it aside and keep going in the moment leaving that as yet another suitcase of emotional baggage to handle later on . but out of all the i ' there ' t anything that could have prepared me for what met my gaze . my brain just short refusing to accept what i was seeing as reality . i blinked once . then twice . that thing was still there . and that ' s the only way i can think of to describe it a thing . not a man not a beast but something in between . shaggy matted fur hung from its as it crouched on all . unnaturally long bent at odd . i could just barely make out the glint of foot long hooked softly against the stone every time it its weight . had it stood on all it would have been at least ten tall though it sat with all four of its freakishly long arms and . some distant part of my brain that it ' t breathing whenever it stopped it stood perfectly still . not even the subtle rise and fall of breath . but all of that paled in comparison to the thing ' s face . there was nothing there . just an empty black void in the vague shape of a skull or maybe a beak or some awful creation of hellish sort . but there was one thing i could see for certain . row after row of teeth glistening in the dark dripping something onto the floor below it . i don ' t know how long i stood there . but finally something snapped me out of the mind searing reverie . it was joey hissing under his breath at me one hand holding up his rifle to keep it at that thing the other the detonation switch for the they ' d already laid . he not move only his towards the corridor from where we came . i to scream at him are you insane ? but that like a terrible idea considering the . however it like our only option . and so i took a single step my boot squelching on what i could only assume to have once been part of someone ' s digestive tract now just a smear of gore on the rock . the reaction was instantaneous . the creature braced itself against the wall with a series of jerky snapping and let out a sound that will haunt me forever . it was the sound of a thousand men dying at once a shriek that and through the small chamber in wave after wave of pure hatred and contempt . i in return terror flooding through my like of ice . we were all screaming but our may as well have been of sand in a hurricane into nothingness by that roar . i ' m still not sure who shot first . i think joey did but it ' s hard to say . in a space that small the gunfire should have been simply overwhelming but i never it . i saw the flash from his muzzle spewing fire soon by the other three lighting up the cavern like a . and yet that thing as if it were made of living shadow cloaked in darkness save for its savage teeth . was yelling at me to run to get out reaching over to grab my arm . he was snatched out of the air right as his touched my sleeve . i never saw that creature move but suddenly there it was one set of hoisting him up by the throat as the him through the abdomen under his vest and coming out through his back with a spray of blood . let out a low noise shaking and squirming and trying to bring up his rifle as that thing him off the floor . he never got the chance . he was in two his against one wall as the rest of him hit the other side with a wet slap . i had just enough sanity left to flip the selector switch to fully automatic my rifle up and off a long burst as that creature lunged forward swinging one of its in a long sweeping arc . never stood a chance to the floor as his head tumbled away . only caught a glancing blow but that was more than enough . one of those whistling caught him in the throat the momentum from the impact hurling him into the wall with a sickening crunch of shattering . whatever coherent thought i had left . i was screaming the last of my magazine and starting to reach for another . the thing turned to face joey and i teeth and bloody scraping the floor . once again it pounced right as i the magazine home and hit the bolt release . a burst of my hit it right in the face or at least where its face should have been . sparks flew as off of its teeth in right on top of me . i was the burning agony of sinking into my stomach or a sudden light headed sensation as my head was from my but instead i was back off my something heavy into my chest . i skidded backwards blinking away the sweat and blood stinging my . joey was lying crumpled against the wall his vest torn away to reveal the four ragged in his abdomen where his were peaking through . he and for breath blood forming a fine mist every time he . the beast had turned on him and circled around for yet another strike . it between us both teeth like iron on granite . joey up from the ruin that was his torso head bobbing back and forth . he still his rifle in one hand trying to bring it to bear . our met only a few apart . and gurgling he his left hand . the detonator was still in his grasp and he off the safety catch . he ' t speak his throat filling with blood but he to mouth one word . " go . " i ' t even aware that i ' d to run until i was halfway down the corridor the sound of gunfire roaring in my as joey the last of his magazine in one long burst . there was a second of deafening silence than anything i could have and then a noise like a clap of thunder inside my own head . it was all around me inside me pushing and on every fiber of my body . something was me out of the cave and towards daylight . yet again some distant corner of my mind it was the pressure wave from the blast and it might very well kill me but i ' t process that . all i could feel was joey ' s hand on my back pushing me forward and screaming " go go go ! " whatever it was threw me the last few out of the cave and into the searing light of day landing with a thud and rolling the last few . and debris down on my head and all i could do was curl into a ball and wait for it to end choking on of dust and sand . pain had become my master in that moment everything hurt . i could barely breathe my head was screaming all i knew was the searing ache shooting through every nerve ending in my body . time down . or sped up . i ' m not really sure adrenaline and shock are funny like that . but eventually reality to take shape again like i was crawling my way out of the mud and back onto dry land . only when i felt something me did i truly come back all the way kicking and punching and yelling frantically reaching for the pistol on my belt . i was going to die with an empty magazine and blood on my . me . hard . hard enough to make my vision blur and my whole body go numb for a few . hard enough to finally pull me out of the stupor blinking away the dust in my and seeing his face staring at me from above wide and mouth agape . he was saying something but i ' t hear him only the pounding of my heart and the rush of blood through my . he pointed frantically towards the cave and i to roll onto my side fully to see that thing crawling out to come kill us all . instead i was met with a beautiful and terrible sight . a pile of rubble now stood where the entrance had once been of dust and smoke still rising between the . forcing myself to my i slack jawed and wide eyed simply unable to process the sight . and i stayed like that for what felt like simply kneeling in the and trying to understand . it was only when my shoulder and shook me that i found enough cognizance to scrape myself together . we ' re getting out he was saying extract is on the way . the first sound i as my hearing returned was the distant thrum of helicopter as we made our way out of the canyon . it was by the ever present never ending moaning of the wind carrying the of dead men along the . you ' probably never read the official debrief on operation condor . it ' s classified and probably will be for the next twenty . of course the military put out a press release which was even more watered down . it would tell you that and joey during a in a cave system in northeast . they were all posthumously the distinguished service medal . we were all sworn to secrecy of course . most of the were happy to agree . they all to forget . i did too but i can ' t . they know something in that cave something horrific but they don ' t know the truth . and i don ' t want them to . nobody else needs that burden . i left the military as soon as my contract was up and that ' s why i ' m telling this story now . those government and secret are going to do whatever it is they do to keep this under but somebody to tell this story and it may as well be me . because the truth to come out . there ' s a lot of to be afraid of in . but one of them is unlike anything we ' ever seen . i was just sitting in my window seat staring out at malignant storm when my phone with a notification . i unlocked the screen and checked . apparently my phone had a new . it was simply " " and i ' t sure what the " d " stood for . it had only one function . a slider between " traveling " and " not traveling . " and wanting to experiment with something out of sheer boredom i slid it to the traveling option . then it up with a message " please proceed to the nearest bathroom . you have approximately one minute . " fortunately no one else to be waiting for the bathroom . so i hurried inside and locked the door . a flashing red icon with the " activate tap me now . " i not knowing what would happen . then i thought what was the worst that could happen ? i would only be pressing a button after all . at worst my phone would maybe malfunction and i ' d have to restart . the button blinked rapidly so i quickly it several times . then i was somewhere else . i could barely see in front of me . wispy dark and ominous around me yet my felt on somewhat solid ground . i forward . it took a lot of effort to get my to move as if they were stuck in molasses . i continued to walk in what i thought was the direction of " forward " the strain growing with each second . it ' s hard to describe what exactly next . not completely accurately anyway . ghostly white at me through the cloudy darkness . the light of my was the only thing illuminating the area around me and i onto it like a beacon . the continued to grab at me and i tortured moaning coming from behind the wall of shifting darkness . i was so i ' t know what to do . my phone ' s screen to flash . another screen similar to before up . " tap button below . you have approximately one minute before dimensional gate . " frantically despite the clawed white at me i the button several times out of desperation . the last think i was to be trapped there . i found myself back in the airplane bathroom one elbow resting against the dingy looking sink . someone was knocking on the door impatiently . i an apology and went straight for my seat . except an old man stopped me looking pale and his clapped onto my wrist with the strength of machinery . i tried yanking it away but he it firmly . " i ' see you after the flight " the old man ground out the hand and making me yelp as he did so . the entire rest of the flight i thought about my experience in the other dimension and what the old man said . i the flight ending and the subsequent confrontation with him . i knew he was related to what inside that place . i think deep down i already knew the nature of his existence . once the plane landed i quickly got out of my seat and tried to lose myself in the stream of people the plane to their busy . more than once i a face too pale but convincingly human enough that no one else but me would be suspicious . they like the same people i had seen on the plane before but their skin was unnaturally white as if they had spent indoors . or or even i told myself . now not every person i saw leaving the plane was this way . if i had to estimate about four or five people the old man who had my arm . just as i was about to clear the waiting area the old man accosted me through a throng of people . " thanks for my " he said . " it was a long shot not sure if it would latch onto anyone ' s phone . " " what was that place i was in ? " i . " the afterlife . or at least a pocket version for certain of folk . look i don ' t have time to explain . i have a flight to catch . just . . . don ' t expect me to be so nice next time we meet . i ' m a trained killer and i have to finish a job . a little belated but a contract ' s a contract . now step aside . " i wished that was the last i saw of the ghost people . but as i hopped into the cab and eerie sense came over me . something horrible was about to happen . " where to ? i don ' t have all night " the driver said . but he had the same overly pale skin the same harsh ever searching as the old man who accosted me in the waiting area . since the old man had a flight to catch i this must ' been another one of the who the pocket dimension possessing him . " you know i ' m not like . not at all . i don ' t believe in or any of that organized professional style killing . i just like to with people scare the hell out of them . you know . " then the possessed cab driver did something so crazy i still can ' t get it out of my head . he his left arm waved it to me in the mirror . it took me a moment to realize that the hand had no skin on it . it was just pure white bone . the playfully waved at me and i ran out of the cab screaming . later in the airport bathroom i if the ghost people would be following me for the rest of my life . when i the stall creak i ' t stick around to find out . week i told you about what in my present life while running the haven . this week we be going back in history and revisit one of the in the th century . the event was the start of terrible for this safe haven . after we came back i told you were very wrong . we to rest for a bit because it felt like our were and tied together . marco woke up and he told us he been by a very powerful being . he was very powerful and i think he went inside the . he came through the portal ! i could only catch a glimpse of him . i don t know where he went but i don t think he was able to exit the surroundings because of the spell marco told me . doctor to marco s wounds otherwise he would have . the only thing was that he had to sell three of his life to a demon so that he could survive . marco him and said it s better to be alive than dead even if he d live less . i to form two and search every room inside the manor . one of the was led by the ogre who was always in a mood for crushing while the other was led by who had the power of and so i him to create a duplicate version of the i came back with from the the ad per and the fortis . i took the original to the basement and one of our white to put a spell on them so that they could not be touched by anyone else except me . the hallucination were hidden in plain sight and guarded by another invisible man . if someone came to steal them we knew how the intruder like . i then a meeting in the lobby with everyone living under the manor s roof . i told them that there s an intruder amongst us and if anyone saw anything suspicious they should report to me or . i t say anything about the invisible of wonder who use to steal when they had at the circus because i them to have as low of a profile as they could had . i know for sure that we been here by the necromancer . of that i am positive . now we need to find him and kill him before he any of us i said . i think he take the bait with the . . if he did what he did back in then i d imagine he s pretty desperate . desperate vulnerable he . to that i had no objection was right to an extent but we also had to be very careful . we had all these powerful here and i m sure some of them t wait to rip an enemy to . then we the i m here ! and saw an army of rising from the ground . there were probably twelve of them each one with a sword and shield . sir vincent take them all to safety ! i . he was the most powerful wizard we had in the manor . i to let everyone know about the intruder in our midst and quickly be over with it . we had probably like two hundred and inside at that time and that s when the protective white magic shield . they t be by anything not even the most powerful in the world t break those protective . the only downside to it was that they t last very long because they an extremely high volume of sir vincent s energy . i told him we only thirty or so and we find the damned necromancer and wipe him from the face of the earth no matter how strong he d be . my were always sharp if i may and i had the feeling that he was only a pawn in a greater scheme of . quickly through the half of them with a single blow while the other tried to attack but that was a pretty stupid move . was extremely powerful that s why i had him as my right hand . he always got the job done no matter what . i always magic inside the manor but when push comes to shove magic had to be used . had his fire sword a sword forged in the very of hell and won by him in a fight to the death in the th century more on that another time . this was one of the elemental air fire earth wind and and the power it was extraordinary . cut through the like a knife through butter . when all to calm down it was time for round two . sir vincent t seem to on much longer and so took all the to safety while sir vincent bounded the room they were put in with a protective spell until the situation would be . undead from the floor . deformed translucent with half of their eaten up by deadly bacteria and all other weird . the front busted open and that s when made her grandiose entry . i thought i d follow you here see what you re up to and oh my is this a mess or what ? need a hand ? she us while she doing her magic . she at a speed that i never thought to be possible and with two shiny scarlet she every creature and they instantly caught on fire . we a scream from the basement and we all ran down there as fast as we could . we saw not one not two but three identical who kept in mid air unable to move . all three of them had the same the same and the same voice . if any of you move i tear him apart limb by limb and remove his one by one the necromancer and his said . you all know why i you back and the sooner you hand me the the i be out of here . on top of that i let you all live . the horrible had pale skin no or in his just a white ball of nothingness . he never blinked and he had this surrounding him that made me ask myself who did he work for . who s your master necromancer ? this is not a mission you took upon by your own will as your despicable kind always a master . they need a master whom to serve and listen to . that s how you thrive i him . oh but you will meet him very soon . very very soon . i just need the or else he said as i saw starting to suffocate . i told him i give them the if he let go of and in the i thought of a plan on how to trap him here and kill him . the necromancer and his let go and that s when sir vincent came in . we meet again i see ! sir vincent . you stole everything from me i will end you right here and now ! it ' t be that wise vincent . you know what i m getting sick of this game he stated . that s when i saw him charge at me a long thin spear of ice with which he me . everyone and i felt all life leaving my body . . ! said and those were his last i in that body . he quickly got me out of the room and let and sir vincent to finish off the necromancer . i woke up in my room after approximately ten . gasping for air i by his forearm and him what had . he said was in critical condition and sir vincent was dead but to trap the necromancer as he took the bait with the fake . he s been . hell take me to him right now i said . they locked him in one of our special from which no living or undead creature could escape . the arca was the supreme prison for its inmate . the thing about this unusual cage is that it fed on the life force or the magical power of the creature inside it doing so very slowly and painfully and for what an eternity to its victim . we only used that in the most extreme . well well if it t the necromancer bastard i told him . you think you solve anything by killing me ? i just come back over and over again i know where you are . i know what this place is and i know what my master will do to it . and to you all petty he said hatred and spittle flying from his mouth . your master can go himself . breaking news once you re here you re off the map . invisible no one where you are . and besides who said anything about killing you ? i . i the cage once and he screaming . the cage feeding itself off of his power and the pain he felt was probably impossible to describe . i the cage again and it stopped . stop don t do it again please he said . pathetic . a necromancer as powerful as yourself begging for something ? i told him while the bitter aftertaste of victory flooded my mouth . tell me who you serve . he panting and hissing and before fainting he told us a name . the bringer of night . part more on my other here . the quaint rustic cottage at the end of the dead end road was the house of my . bright white lining each window with a grand bay window where the sun shone right in . the rustic stone and brick design of the cottage home was something out of a fairy tale . with a direct view up towards the main road the other lined the side of the street like royal . the were dense and thick around the property . tall pine flooded into the sea of what is known as the pine . for of of . at night the deafening silence into your head . i the house twice before in an offer . no major structural damage roof was fairly new and the property was well kept . i was ecstatic to hear the price range was right on budget with mine . i never did quite see the former of the house everything went through the real estate . i never forget the smile on my face and the joy that washed over me being handed the for the first time . stepping into a home i could finally call my own . i made quick work making the house my own . painting in antique furniture and hanging up my own of art . was rapidly approaching and i assumed the would flood down this street trick or treating . while the house t quite ready and it t be for some time with me doing all the work had come and go quickly . dressed as and down the block going door to door . i to keep up candy into their tiny . when midnight struck and the last of trick or . i onto my couch in the empty living room feeling like i had just run a marathon . i awoke that morning to the bright sun shining through my bay window . with how early it was but delighted that i had such a great view to be gently up with . i my achy body and headed outside to grab the morning paper . as i the front door and for the paper on my something caught my eye . under the newspaper was a little figure . a little person made of and . softy cradling the little wooden person i if a trick or treater had left it here last night by accident . it had a large bulb like head with skinny little branch arms . no bigger than a plastic water bottle . strange i i brought the little person inside and sat him comfortably on the kitchen counter . while i went about the rest of my day fixing up the house the little person laying down on the counter slipped to the back of my mind . a strange smell in my home almost like rotten . i far and wide for the mysterious smell but t find its source . as the sun behind the and the howling picked up . i up on the couch to watch a movie unable to shake the rancid smell . but something kept tickling me inside my head like i was forgetting something . unable to concentrate on the movie i got up and made sure i had locked each door . locking each door window closed all the but that uneasy feeling was still in my stomach . that same rotten egg smell t completely over my scented . that nervous feeling in my feeling to drop when i saw the newspaper on the kitchen counter . alone it lay up to the when it struck me . the little stick person was gone . puzzled i around the kitchen and over for my new friend . maybe i had put him away somewhere by accident i thought . my search for a bit before i gave up it up to a forgetful memory . i t sleep well that night for the first night since i had lived here . the were loud blowing through the pine barren forest . i feared one of them would blow over and crush my little cottage home . but night came and went and my washed away momentarily . nothing was out of the ordinary the rest of the going forward . the smell but eventually faded . i did end up finding my little stick friend . he was buried under a pile of clothes in my closet . i picked him up and put him near my bay window with the rest of the potted . there he stood for a few watching over me . xb it was mid the warm weather was finally slipping away as a cold front in . a chill filled the house each day no matter how much i cranked the heat up . i up to the fire place feeding it i had cut up the past few . hearing the crackling of always me . before i knew it i was out on the floor beside the fire place . wrapped in a blanket in the warmth . a clank rattled against the bay window next to me . i slowly rose from the cocoon of . the fire nearly burned out red hot in the blackness around me . my to the darkness when i the same clanking sound . i was drawn to my bay window the moon light reflecting in . i inched closer to the cold glass staring back at my reflection . a tiny pebble was thrown at the glass off with a similar clank . stumbling backwards i felt the rise on my neck like a predator was stalking me . again another pebble struck the glass . i towards the glass staring out towards the tree around me . something between the disappearing and re through the moon light . i myself closer to the glass my face stinging on the cold . i felt as if i was in a trance a trance that was broken when my hand the tiny stick figure on the ledge . i back from the glass my face red hot . something inside me to open my door . before i could think i was standing out in the darkness as the fierce whirled around me . leaves in the air into a tornado . hello ! i out towards the . i was met with the nothing more than the . hello ! i again my voice out by the wind . i to hear the fierce out any noise . the cold was inside me stinging my bare . before i could call out a third time a tiny voice in my head back . hello there a girlish little voice spoke . i fell back my butt on the hard concrete . we ' been waiting for you the little girl spoke again her voice fading somewhere deep inside my skull . i back inside my house the door before me . feeling my heart heave in and out of my chest . the whirling cut off leaving me in the silence of my own home . i around in my ear clearing it of wax to get whatever the hell was in there . trying to reassure myself that it was the wind that made me hear what i was a futile attempt . i shakily tried to brush my teeth still from the surge of adrenaline coursing through me . as i lay in bed that night staring out into the night sky . the on into the side of my house like it was trying to blow me away . i must have sometime in the middle of the night unable to move my body . i felt the panic start to set in as i flexed trying to shake myself the free . the fear rose inside me as the shape of a little girl took form in my bedside window . the little girl she back at me with her black faceless . she watched as i to move unable to let a scream out . she her tiny black arms and the window the wind came howling in . with all my might i tried to scream to break free from this paralysis . the girl slipped inside the tiny crack in the window . her body twisting in unimaginable ways as she through the tiny crack . she onto the floor with a wet splat . slowly rising her black silhouette blocking out the moonlight . the last in my mind were that of her gangly sharp reaching towards me . i woke up with the sun shining high . nearly throwing myself out of bed . i to control my breathing . my head wet with sweat . to this day it is still one of the most vivid i ever had feeling the sense of fear and dread overcome me . the impending doom as she my home . the pressure that rose in my body as she inched closer to my face that same smell of rotten growing . i nervously made my way downstairs tip in my own home like i was an intruder . feeling as if i t here it was one of the first times i recall feeling unwanted in my home . like a reflex i the front door to chirping as my newspaper sat neatly on the front step . but something t right just like last time . the newspaper covered something . i slowly for the paper revealing underneath a tiny stick figure . it had a dandelion atop its head with similar stringy branch . hello ! i out to hear her voice once again . when i was met with silence i took the stick figure inside and her next to my original one . over the that i lived here i have a collection of stick . they seem to come monthly most of the time at the start of the month but occasionally end of the month . some human shaped some . otherworldly . i don t know if someone is a trick on me or what . the little girl who i felt talking to me inside my head will come back every now and again . the first time i saw her during the day was when i was washing . i had gone on a major cleaning spree after a guy i was seeing on me . i felt angry upset resentful at the world . i scrubbed the hard trying desperately to not think about him with her . as i fought back the something in the tree line caught my attention . a little arm was wrapped around the tree trunk . i squinted harder watching this little girl s gangly wrap around the bark . slowly a mass of black hair from behind the tree trunk . but only for a second as quick as she she slipped back behind the tree . a flock of flying out from the that she was behind . days when i m alone angry at the world and depressed with myself . she will reveal herself . in the never longer than a second or two . her long white outfit and stringy black hair . you never quite get a good look at her . the come rarely . usually i will catch if i concentrate hard enough and am in the right mood . the fear is something i have grown to live with . the horrible when i bring a new stick figure in . the paralysis that my body . peeled as i lay frozen in bed while she my home . rising from under my bed slipping in through my window . the horrible of my closet slowly opening seeing her emerge from the darkness as she before me . she will stand close next to me that stench of rotten from her . i awake before she can do more or so i think . the where she comes i will wake up with red on my arms or . welt like tracing along my body like i had been struck with a belt . they burn to the touch tender and raw . but god forbid i do not bring one in one of her she leaves me i have tried to before . i had a dog lucy an older golden doodle from a local shelter . i had gotten her around the end of may right when i was another figure . i down at the animal shaped figure on my step feeling the guilt of not wanting to take it . my mind flooded with of my closet filled with shoe of these same stick . so i left it there left it on the . the came in fierce those nights following . the girl would emerge before me in my state . fading into existence like a gust of wind . her long wrap tightly around my neck . the pressure inside me as i struggle with all my might to break free . her dark faceless figure staring into my soul . and then i wake up . with the same welt on my neck finding it difficult to breathe . lucy stayed in my room with me when i first got her . the would howl each evening and lucy would snuggle up towards me shivering . a week after not taking the present in the house seeing the battered stick animal wither away on my step . i to lucy one morning pouring her breakfast . usually she slowly comes and her breakfast with me . i out to her shaking the food box to get her attention but she was nowhere to be seen . i around the house to all her normal but she was gone . panic was racing through me as i my and headed out back . there she was in the middle of the yard . i felt a sinking feeling somewhere inside me . her blonde fur covered in and leaves . i over to her she laid motionless . the dirt clawed up around her like she was in a fight . i cried over her up her limp body . but something was underneath her . i the stick figure from under her body the same one that was on my front step the past few . with racing down my face i out towards the hearing the sound of something rustling deep within . i have come to live with the girl in the . knowing what she and does not like . i bring all her inside . like i said before i have collected an abundance of stick at this point . bad will happen if you anger her . it s tough to know exactly what her each time whether it be someone i bring over something i do or whatever . but i know i know by the or the i awake with . i start hearing her voice again or seeing the in the . the pain that me when i awake in the middle of the night to a phantom bark that just like lucy . i have become a bit of a recluse now trying to appease her always . after what she did to lucy i fear what she may truly be capable of . r tw . please read with caution . hi ! i from my wounds for the most part ! i been able to hide the scar from my but it s hard to hide the pain . i am doing better though so i won t complain . i did get myself into that after all . being without a phone pretty but but being injured and night after night of the coyote getting close enough to rip into my throat t great either . something about my recently though . two nights ago i still dreamt of the forest but it was different . light through the sang and around without care . the air less heavy than it had been in ! i turned around in a circle to take in the view . when i turned to the left i spotted her . a woman with long brown hair at me from behind a tree . once she i d seen her she stepped out and came into view . she was average height with hair that touched the forest floor . her skin was sun and she was completely naked . the thing about her that stood out the most though was her pregnant belly . it out roughly her skin almost painfully over her enlarged stomach . for some reason i t seem to focus on her face . it was blurry looking like a shifting mass of . every time i blinked her face was different it was strange . the woman me towards her like a mother calling to her child . usually my curiously would take over but the past few led me to believe that this woman might not be a good person . she t give off a bad or evil aura at all . her were slow and graceful like that of a dancer . we both stood and at each other . after a while she her head almost sadly . a large rough looking hand from behind the tree and her wrist yanking her back . once she had left the forest to change . barren walking and from myth the earth . i was rooted to the spot . everything cried out in pain and agony begging for help for my help . fell from the sky and blood to pool under my quickly flooding the forest and rising up to drown me . then i woke up . i was sweating intensely . my throat was sore and my were clammy . i sat up and rubbed my hurt shoulder before looking at the clock next to my bed . am . with a tired sigh i got ready for the day . my had me to fill in for her at the bakery . of course i agreed immediately . i the money and she the break . the bakery my is s and . the name t really make sense to me or well anyone but it was the only place in our dusty old town that hot and fresh coffee at all times of the day so people put up with it . really we call it a bakery but it s more of a . there s tables to sit and eat at a jukebox and our menu is diverse . i don t really like this town . i live in the south to be specific and people that t completely normal are . being a chubby autistic teen in high school was a death sentence . dropping out was the only thing i could do really . never about the physical and emotional torment i went through and my could only do so much . enough about boring stuff . let s talk about how my day at the bakery was shall we ? first of all i got there late . this the food was out on to cook later than usual . later food complain . give me a headache and when i get too i cry . it s really a butterfly affect . if only i d gotten to the bakery maybe my day t have gone that way it did . when i first unlocked the door there was already someone waiting . . tommy is the chief fire fighter and also a big . he s around old and extremely cranky get his strawberry and black coffee at am on the dot . i told that she should hire an actual employee and not her kin . too lenient . he spat onto the ground next to him as the door . the air was chilly so i got in quickly trying my best to just keep my mouth shut . thankfully my had some prepare prepared for him in the microwave . i warmed them up and fixed his coffee quickly before serving him . about time he . as he ate his stupid two more men into the bakery . two men decked out in camouflage and hunting gear . it was that time of the year after all deer season . it t too unusual to see people walk into looking like they just got back from war . one of the men who to be around the counter and down to my height . i m for those who don t know and he was nearly himself . hey there sweet . got any chocolate ready yet ? his voice was low and sweet but not in a good way . it made me nervous . they be ready in about . you alright with waiting ? i taking out a pen and paper . yes ma am i am . he turned to his friend and before looking back at me . i at him confused . your name ? he his sparse hair back and gave me a smirk . i had to hold myself back from cringing what the hell was he up to ? jerry but you can call me . i wrote down on the paper and to the back to begin his order . when i got back the two sat across from each other at one of the . they were midway into a conversation . and is a dirty liar . i m telling you something killing all the big . i seen three already and it s only a week into hunting season jerry s friend . i to eavesdrop . that s nonsense . we already damn near every coyote in the parish what the hell else is there here that could take down on of em big ? i seen the too mack but i t no god damn fool . it s probably one of those without er hunting license hunting illegally and dumping the body . ding ding ding ! the bell of the shop rang as someone else came rushing into the bakery . it was my old high school teacher . his usually tidy toupee hung on for dear life as if he had run to get here as quickly as possible . he took a second to pant wildly and catch his breath before speaking . someone s been found dead ! he . now this really my interested . calm down . samson . what ? i him sit down on one of cushioned and fetched him a glass of water . . samson was an old coot pushing his s . he was the second person in our town and until now i t even think he was capable of running . this had to have shaken him and i every detail . oh my lord . it was one of them that just finished high school . sweet that had a bright future he . bright future my ass . everyone from this town up here for the rest of their life or dead and most of them deserve it . hey missy might be in your best interest to not listen a bit scary . best not to fill your head with that . . samson said between . i turned away and rolled my to busy myself with . poor gage . it was gruesome i tell you . body is up near that hunting trail that to his deer stand . found it yesterday morning . gage a year old man with hair and pretty . he had a way with charming to get what he one of those was getting them to ignore the torment he and his put me through . every lunch i got food thrown at me and during p . e . i d be the target for harassment and . it had gotten worse my sophomore year where they getting and actually me . bunch of teaming up against a small girl i say . what are they saying him ? one of the mack i think . . samson his wrinkled face with a handkerchief . i have no idea but they re saying that his face is all beaten in . they were only able to identify him through his dental and that was still hard . not only that son but he s been out from the inside . not a single organ in him . now this is the part people would usually say he hurt me but he t deserve that . i m here to say hell yeah he deserved it him . a bitch and it comes for everyone maybe don t torment people to the point they have to drop out gage . you . wow got it a bit personal let s reel it back a bit before get nasty . i as i the two their . the teacher his drink in one gulp before he again . now i don t know if this is true or not so take it with a grain of salt but i from one of the that after they got the body back to the coroner and left the body went missing . apparently they still haven t found it . his poor mother is in hysterics . they all to the ground and let the in the air for a moment . while they did that i thinking . i knew where gage s deer stand was . i d thumb on his seat a while back as some petty revenge which worked pretty well . the next day at school he was fuming but left me alone for the most part which was great . i was already to visit the creature in the after my shift why not take a look at his deer stand ? it t too far away from bastard lake so i t be going out of my way to check it out . maybe i could find out what had or get . good to me ! come on mack . let s go and talk with the sheriff . whatever did that to gage could still be out there . the two left but not before the tall man jerry gave me his number . i promptly it in the trash . men around here were really strange and very . . samson over to me and . his lit up with recognition and he . t you that girl who out of my class ? kite ? he . his tone t kind or playful it had some kind of sinister undertone . glad you re actually able to get a job . t know people like you could do anything besides take up space . god here it goes . old people in this town really had some nerve . most of them had some up world but kept quiet to be polite and just in secret . . samson though had no trouble with making people uncomfortable and being impolite . i calm and quiet . i had prepared myself for this many times . you mute girl ? i know you re mentally retarded but you can at least speak when spoken to can t you ? he got a bit . i turned away from his glaring . i d met many people like this in my town . people that were different t do well here . no matter how hard i tried to prove myself by the best in class or being the most well i was always down upon . . samson if you would like to continue sitting in that seat mind your tone . i have no with calling my father to escort you out . hah . just what i d expect from a retard can t do anything for yourself . what did think when she let you work here . he rose from his seat and to the door . before leaving completely he back and spit on the ground . you watch your mouth little girl . i could call the police right now and have you . you already have a bad reputation . i closed my shut and at the ground . a low chuckle left his mouth . that s what i thought . next time i won t be so nice . with that he was gone . i til he was out of sight to sink to the ground . my chest was tight and i shaking . i knew this was the start of a panic attack and i to get home . i closed shop as quickly as possible listening to loud music to distract myself . when i d finished i my on the landline . hello ? my mother s tired voice . i for a second as guilt set in . hi it s me . can you take over ? i m . . . not doing great . i said softly into the phone . i a heavy sigh before she . of course baby . i m coming . go ahead and head home . she hung up before i could . i felt awful today had been my day off the only one she got this week . if only i d been she would be able to rest today . i was gone before she got there . when i got home i headed straight to my room and cried . my shift had a four at the most . it was now and i was home alone . i stood up and my . i d already let my down today i had to make myself somewhat useful . even if i was just doing something to satiate my own curiosity . before i knew it i d at the church . nearly everything was the same besides the coyote being gone from the fountain . i was kind of glad about that though . when i stepped in i was immediately picked up from the ground and up by the collar of my shirt . i closed my and swung my wildly at whatever was holding me captive but it t budge . when i my they were met with the black of the creature . oh you re back . he said simply before dropping me rather rudely i might add onto the muddy floor . i getting to my and him down . could at least put me down gently . are fragile . he down at me until he and rubbed his temple with his long clawed hand . yes i m well aware . come quick i d rather you leave as soon as possible . i the last part and him into the nursery . it even more torn up than the last time i was there . he sat on the ground . what have you brought for me ? how did you . . . ahem i brought some more water and this left over deer and meat . it s not though sorry . i out the water and so he could see . he snatched the bag and it before tearing it open and the contents into his large jaw . i at the sight . he the blood from his mouth and the water from my hand . after he d finished it he spoke . animal can last me a few . but i need to . . actually feed . he this more to himself than to me . i decided to not ask what he actually fed on for my safety and sanity . alright big guy let s get to business . i want you to tell me all you know about what s going on here . i said with a sternness that even me . he was silent for a moment as if in thought . hell if i know . i only got here a few days ago . got by something i t even see and ran here . he around him . i came here for one reason only . that reason being to get rid of someone that here . i be out of your hair after that . slow down a few days ? someone you need to get rid of ? what are you talking about ? i been at this church for around four days now . second thing is none of your business it s your best bet not to ask . you . . . you been here for at least a few . i first met you nearly two ago . i at his face . he just as as me . that s t possible . here look . he off the gauze and i d wrapped his wounds in . they all fresh no more than a few days old . i stopped myself from reaching out to touch them . that s strange . i you nearly a week ago . no . . you came here yesterday . i . . . the grip he had on the water bottle . water to pool onto the floor beside him but he t seem by it . i gave him a moment to process the information but i also tried to come up with more . many through my mind but only one stuck out and repeated over and over again . are you a ? the look on his face nearly made me burst into laughter . his up and curled into a grimace . are mindless flesh . they gorge themselves until they can no longer eat then eat more . so you re a skin walker ? god damn it . see something they don t know and automatically assume they re a or skin walker . listen i m no expert but you re giving me some serious . you just scarfed down raw can you blame me ? i crossed my arms . his and his big black back at me . do you know what a like ? or a skin walker ? they re like . . big and scary . are skinny apparently and skin are ugly i along and up to see if i was right . his gray skin even more sickly if that was possible . an exasperated sigh left his thin as he a hand to his forehead . low muttering his mouth . the he spoke t so i t bother with about how insulting his tone . not a skin walker or . so what are you exactly ? i sat down in front of him crisscross apple sauce and . the creature rolled his how that was possible with no iris was beyond my comprehension then . i m . . . something else entirely . you don t need to know the . this guy . feeding into my curiosity unintentionally must be fun . oh . . . by the way . he into his pocket and out my phone . i nearly him i was so happy to see it . found this on the ground after you left . must of it . he it to me without a care and i caught it . i the on button to see it only had about percent of battery left . that t matter i t be out much longer anyways . i pocketed my phone . thank you i been looking everywhere for this ! i up at him . he and his said in response . i stood and brushing mud off my skirt in the process . the man as i did watching my . leaving ? he his tone a bit more hopeful than i would have . yes . i m actually going to investigate something else . a boy that i used to go to school with was found dead in the eastern side of the forest yesterday morning . i m check it out . i out the water from my bag and set them by the creature . he to be thinking as i turned to leave . before i could open the nursery door he me by my arm where i hurt my shoulder causing me to clench my teeth . he t take notice of that and instead me by the neck of my shirt like a mother dog would the scruff of her puppy . listen here . that s an awful idea . i already told you that something me in the forest and me a seven foot tall creature with x the strength of a normal man to go into . what you think you come out of this unscathed ? i don t care . i getting once and i survive again . even if i don t it t matter . besides why do you care ? i thought you me gone . i crossed my arms and away . the creature and set me free . i don t . just don t want your death to cause me trouble . get for all i care . he waved for me to leave . good . don t worry i try not to die close to the church . with that i left running away as fast as i could . for some reason his hurt me . i m usually not one to take to heart but after the incident from i was feeling a bit sensitive . even then his really stuck to me more than they should . he was a stranger to me and not even a human stranger at that . why did i care that he t care ? when i t run i sat on the damp forest ground and tried to catch my breath . i d just the hunting grounds sign . this part of the forest a big deer population . i quickly walking on the trail that led to gage s deer stand . the air in this part of the forest had always been uneasy and tense for me . my dad is a and used to try and get me interested in the craft . i never it though . hunting killing then skinning my first deer made me quit . i t stand the look of its dead staring at me while i it . while i was in thought i d gage s deer stand . it was on tall covered in camouflage and old leaves . it smelt of moss and teenage b . o . which t surprise me . police tape wrapped around that grew near the stand making a protective circle . i under it with ease and my inspection . my the ground . there was a greenish yellow liquid staining the fallen leaves right under the stand . vomit maybe ? my search i the ladder of the stand and to climb up . it was nothing special just a plain deer stand . i found a few hidden under a blanket but that was pretty much it . i was going to climb back down when i feeling sick . i back in and sat on the blanket covering my mouth . a sudden urge to puke came over me . as i was keeled over in pain i it . a soft sound coming from the . i up through the only window but i saw nothing . the sound slowly approaching from behind the deer stand . a soft tap through the metal of the stand . i froze completely . something was beneath the deer stand . the sudden realization made me groan quietly and i it as soon as it left my . the tapping stopped suddenly . before i could do anything something large landed on top of the stand with a crunch . i out the window to see the face of gage which i could only recognize due to his stupid football jersey . i in terror as his body slid down the window and landed with a wet thump onto the ground . after that everything was a blur . something tore open the back of the stand as if peeling apart paper and me out of the stand . i only caught a glimpse of something large white and spotted with red before i fell unconscious . when i woke up i was covered in something cold and slimy . it was than before maybe around ? it s been getting dark recently . i and tried my best to take in my surroundings . barely anything was visible i could only make out but the smell was awful . rotten meat with a mix of bad breath and blood . my next move was to wiggle around . i soon that i was tied with something up in the air . how far up i t know . i decided it was best to not wiggle out and drop to whatever was below me . instead i my now slime covered phone and it on . percent left . . i tried calling my the police anyone i could but the t go through . stupid red neck . stupid dumb me . i . i then did something i honestly regret and the flashlight on my phone on . surrounding me were the slowly dissolving of multiple people young and old . they were covered in a greenish liquid that on their skin causing it to liquidate and pool down their . that t even the worst part . they were all tied together with of human skin and the from their to trap them . i t stop myself from down and that i too was wrapped in and skin . this time i t hold the vomit back . i my lunch onto the ground and myself which by the way took a few to splash onto the ground below . from that i could deduce that i was pretty high up . god damn it . can t get any worse than this can it ? i through my busted . i wish i t said that . the sound was back and it was so much and intense . the tree next to me shook at something it s trunk . i m going to try my best to describe what i saw . the pale expressionless head of a mannequin out of the darkness below me . i my light directly at it unable to look away . as it higher i was able get a better look at the beast that had taken me . two mannequin torso were together to form a spider like abdomen by doll arms of various . it no no face . just a white head and body splashed with dried blood and viscera . it s head slightly as it along the tree before one of its body . it the head with its chin a few times before moving onto the next body . it did the same but this time after a few taps to the skull it s chin wide to reveal a large jaw filled with of pointy white teeth . the easily tore open the skull and down the sludge that inside . it did this with a few before it came upon me . i tried to keep my thumping heart quiet as it my head with its chin . for a moment it stood still almost as if it were confused . it my head again but intensely . soon the taps more violent . i cried out in pain fighting against it with one arm to get it to stop . i on one of its arms until i felt it tear off . this in an ear splitting shriek and the retreat . i haven t seen the in about an hour now and i been writing ever since . i don t know what i do once it comes back . the smell in the air is making me sick and by the minute . my consciousness is fading and i don t know how much longer i can take this . i have to end this here . i m posting this with what little battery i have left . hopefully it will get through even with how the signal is out here . i keep hearing below me and something brushed against my foot just a moment ago . if i die then guess it was nice to know you . feel free to call me dumb below or actually comment some way to help my dumb ass . either way thanks for reading . see you later if i m still alive . it off as just another morning . i was out on my morning jog running beside the tree line of the that flanked our neighborhood . i was enjoying nature s beauty while working up a good sweat when i what like . i the sound to it s source and found a dog a yellow sitting under a tree . i knelt down to pet him and he into my hand . he somewhat relieved to see me . his tail like crazy as i pet him . i that he was dirty and quite malnourished . i if he was had been out by his owner or was just lost . after looking around for a while to see if his owner would show up i decided to take him home . i gave him a bath and fed him some chicken which he up . the poor thing must have been so hungry . the next day i put up missing dog around the neighborhood . my own dog duke had just the previous year and i could imagine what this dog s human must be going through right now . for as long as he was going to stay with me i decided to call him happy . happy and would go for everyday in the mornings and in the . for our morning we d walk past the same where i had found him but in the evening we d take a different route and would venture a bit further from our neighborhood . our were fun . happy was a very well boy . he would relieve himself only when and where i told him to and would never pull on his leash . except when we past one particular house . it was the house a bit removed from all the . wherever we it happy would whimper and would act very . at first i thought he to go inside but as we got closer to it i that he of it . he would stare at it wide eyed and would freeze in place . he t want to go inside but he also t want to walk away from it . it made me think of a person who just cannot tear his gaze away from a horrible car crash . after he did this for the third time i decided to change our route . went by and no one came to claim happy in spite of the i had put up . i decided i was going to keep him for good . we had formed a bond and i t bear the thought of losing him now . he too to love me . every morning he would wake me up with making my alarm clock redundant . in the evening when i picked him up from day care he would run to me with a look of pure joy on his face . how could i possibly let go of this creature who had brought such joy into my life ? then one very hectic evening i to run some and decided to take happy with me to get his walk out of the way . i had to walk past that same house that had vexed him so much . in my haste i had forgotten all about his anxiety when he came near it . happy however t forgotten . as we came to pass it he once again to whimper and froze in place . he t take his off of it . i tried to calm him down i him bacon but nothing worked . he more unsettled by the house than he ever had been before . he must have at the house for ten with terror in his refusing to budge . then without warning he towards it his leash right out of my . happy ! no ! get back here ! i . but he t listen . he had finally overcome the fear that had him . he ran around the corner and dashed into the of the house . i ran after him like crazy that i could get him out before the saw us . i got in there to find happy frantically digging a hole in the back yard . i had never seen him do this before . he never dug in my yard or even in the near our house . i tried to pull him away but he was determined . he dug and dug as if powered by an otherworldly force . i was considering lifting him up and carrying him when i saw what happy s digging had to uncover . it was a piece of cloth . as happy continued to remove the dirt i that it was in fact the sleeve of a shirt . in the next instant a person s hand was exposed . there was a human being buried in that yard . i was . this time i did pick up happy and ran from that place as quickly as i could . i forgot all about my and went straight to the nearest police station . i told the everything . the dead body was unearthed and an investigation . an autopsy report stated that the person happy had found a man in his early had been dead for five . that s as long as i had had happy . the coroner had that the man of a blunt force trauma to the back of his head . that house was a rental and the dead man lived there with his and his dog my happy . the in the area knew them as and . it turned out that these were fake . everything this couple had told people about themselves was a lie . the of the house were untouched and nothing to have been taken . the is still at large . she remains the prime suspect in the murder . though the t sure if she was behind all this or if she too had been and was just another victim . no one ever come to reveal or s real . was buried in an unnamed grave . strangely until the body was found the house rent continued to be in cash . perhaps to prevent anyone from becoming suspicious . i m sure there are other that the haven t revealed to the public . i often what kind of a man this was . he may have done something shady in his life but his dog to care enough about him to battle his fear and go dig up his body . i like to think that he was good dog owner . as strange as this entire series of was i haven t even told you about the occurrence . one morning happy was in my front yard and i was in the kitchen making breakfast . suddenly i saw him head to the fence on the far left side of the yard . he was happily his tail at something . i t see who it was as my view was by the shrubbery . i went outside to see what was going on . happy came towards me . i that his collar the one i had put on him was lying on the ground next to the fence . and he was wearing a different one . i ran out to the street to see if i could catch a glimpse of whoever had happy s collar . but there was no one there . happy let out a small bark as if telling me to come back inside . i took happy indoors and the collar . it had a name tag on it . on one side of the tag the name was and the other a house address . the same house where happy s owner lived . he my hand and straight into my in a reassuring manner . and i are still very happy together and i can honestly say that he s the good boy who ever lived . and yes i do call him now . i have a feeling that his deceased owner would want that . a couple ago i made this post . i got some helpful advice from people in the . one commenter that the creature i saw is actually the goddess . now up until very recently i thought the were . i soon learned how real and how they were . the only plus side is that i am currently free of the necklace s curse . xb xb my interaction with them last week . i did some research on them and found some of him . aside from wasting my time i figured to t hurt . from what i all i had to do was pray to them . however the information i also stated it may not always work . i guess it on your level of spiritual energy or something . xb xb anyway my first attempt t work . i tried it in my room for obvious . after an hour or so i was on the verge of . then i got an idea . i thought that maybe the necklace would help somehow . i had the idea it might give me a spiritual boost or something along those . xb xb i tried again while wearing the necklace . to my utter shock it worked . it on more of what i in my last post . when i tried again to contact the however the made my hair stand on end . even though it t the most eloquent of i share what i said that drew his attention . xb xb xb i m not sure what this will do but i am for your help in myself of the curse of this damn necklace . i never once in any of you so i may very well be wasting my time here but if you are real then i really need your help . therefore i d appreciate some kind of response to my prayer . xb xb a couple went by and once again disappointment filled me . i and up to remove the necklace . at that moment among all the colors something else came into view . a silver and golden scaled snake up to me . seeing it was so eerie . the only thing i can really compare it to is seeing a mirage . xb xb it in and out of view as it was slithering towards me . its were . i to move and take the necklace off but i t . it up to where i sat . then to my shock i it speak . xb xb why do you look ? you are the one who to us . xb xb i t respond . it felt as though i had not only forgotten how to speak but never learned how to in the first place . if you were in my place you d understand . the voice i is the antithesis of sanity . it so loud i could feel the throughout my body . xb xb you for our attention . now speak . xb xb i found the will to speak again but i barely to get the out . xb xb who are you ? i out . xb xb the snake . his laughter on my . xb xb is that all you to ask ? if you must know i am god . who are you ? xb xb those me . i t believe it . i thought something else may happen due to the necklace . i just t think it could possibly end up being me coming into contact with one of the . xb xb wow . um . . . my name is . my call me . i to know if you could do anything to help me get rid of a curse i got from this necklace . xb xb xb i it up to him . he his head curiously at it . then with laughter . i m my t bleed as a result . xb xb oh yeah . i forgot about this . i used it to curse that bitch . she like you t believe when it her into that creature . xb so that thing is her ? xb that s right . it her right . xb xb i briefly what exactly she had done to make him want to do that to her . i decided that could be left unanswered . xb xb xb can you undo the curse ? xb i could but first present me with the offering . xb oh i thought . xb xb somehow i completely forgot about the offering . in my defense i t even think the prayer would work so i had to acquire one . xb xb of course i said he t notice the nervousness in my voice . i offer you this necklace . xb is that it ? xb what ? it s really valuable . xb to you . i could have another one made without much trouble . not to mention it was mine to begin with . what you re doing now is the equivalent of what you call . xb i cursed in my head . xb xb the necklace t a suitable gift . that s my bad . i m sorry about that . instead why don t you look around my room or even my house and pick something you like to take with you ? xb you are offering anything in this house ? xb . . . yeah . xb xb silent and my house . during this i t move an inch from my spot . i thought it might be as disrespectful to him and his wrath was the last thing i to do . unfortunately my luck would not permit this . came back into my room sporting a mischievous grin . xb xb oh good . you found something you like ? xb well i this house and i just t find anything that i d want to take . xb xb my heart beating faster . xb xb then why are you smiling ? xb because if you don t provide me with something i can take someone . xb someone ? xb xb it in my head what he meant . before i could even think about trying to flee he let out a hiss and lunged forward . his sank into me . despite him being ethereal his bite me pain just not the kind i . what i thought i would feel is a sharp pain . xb xb instead what i felt was an icy chill run up from where he onto me . he back with his still in my chest . that was when the pain really . it felt as though he d been trying to rip out a part of me . that s because he was . xb xb it went on for what felt like an eternity . mercifully it stopped . during it my had been closed due to how much pain me . when i them i that i was floating . not only that my body had become ethereal . xb xb what did you do to me ? i cried out . am i dead ? am i a ghost ? xb xb t answer . i and saw myself lying on my floor . i could see my chest rise and fall so i figured i must still be alive . this view smaller as us out of my room and to my horror up towards the sky . instinctively i closed my again . when i did a light so bright that it hurt my even though they were closed us . xb xb it eventually dimmed . i still had my closed out of fear i would see if i them . i felt around to find that i had been taken to some kind of rocky terrain . my breathing that i was in a cave . spoke again . xb xb open your i assure what they will see won t shatter your sanity . xb xb seeing as the alternative would be stumbling around blindly i hesitantly obliged . what me was the sight of two people . one was a man who i to be and the other a woman . had the look of someone who t seen sunlight in . his hair was long and disheveled . xb xb heavy were under his . despite that he gave me a weary smile . beside him a woman stood . t begin to describe her . aside from her flawless skin her most striking were her and hair . her had a warmth yet fierceness to them and her hair her to have a divine aura . xb xb you know if you stand around in shock all day we re never going to get anything done said to me . xb xb above him the woman a bowl made of some kind of metal . over that i saw the of a serpent . my heart stopped when it acknowledged my presence and let out a hiss before turning its attention back to . it let a stream of venom which the woman the bowl under . while doing this she in my direction . xb xb my husband you to speak . i suggest you do so the woman said to me . xb xb honestly she t that tall in stature . in fact i m actually slightly taller than she is . despite that she had a fierceness to her . i felt as though she could rip me apart with ease . xb xb what the hell did you do to me ? i to get out . xb xb . xb xb you t be so demanding mortal . unless you want to see and go insane then you will not speak to us in such a manner . xb xb sorry i quietly said . could you please explain exactly what to me ? xb now is that so hard ? anyway i gladly explain . you see where you have been brought is none other than my home of . xb ? xb correct as i have just stated . i should mention now i don t like to repeat myself . for your sake i hope that won t be . xb xb he down at me with the look of a cat sizing up a cornered mouse . xb xb no i cried out . it s just that i never thought out of all the there are the one could be the one that s true . xb actually they all are . xb what ? xb oh yes . it used to be that each of the over specific of your world . unfortunately it just t big enough to accommodate all of us so we . of course some chose to stay such as that fellow . on a god like him by the way . enough small talk though let s get down to business . xb . what kind of business ? xb here to empty the bowl . go with her and she fill you in on the . xb come along . you will not want to see what he s like when the poison him . xb xb she the bowl away and for me to follow her . as we were leaving the cave four to be sent down my spine . the first was the sound of the serpent out what i as a mischievous hiss . the second was the sizzling the poison made upon touching him by the third sound which were his . the last sound which i found most disturbing was him as we the cave s mouth . xb xb watch your step she said . xb xb the ground shaking causing me to lose my balance . xb xb so that part of the legend is real too ? xb i assure you most of the you of us have not been exaggerated . now stand . xb xb i shakily got to my and took in the surroundings as we . the view had a brightness to it . however it s more accurate to describe it as vibrant rather than bright . far off in the distance i could see made of different on the ground with a crystal castle sitting on top of a cloud in the sky . from them i saw people with fly out . xb xb of course i had many about all of this . the least of which were in to physics . however i t fully gotten over my culture shock yet . not to mention s were still grating in my . tipped the bowl and let its contents hit the ground causing a loud hissing sound . xb xb it t gotten any easier hearing him like that she said in a sad tone . i just grown used to it . xb xb i t know how to respond to that . i got the sense she s never been able to air her to anyone other than . xb xb that i said which she . xb you can t possibly comprehend how long he s been stuck in there . simply leaving him chained to a rock with a snake dripping poison onto home t good enough for them . they had to make sure he never saw the sky again but you re going to help him . you make it so he freedom again . xb i d like to . i really would but t that one of the of ? the idea of causing an apocalypse t sit well with me . xb xb without she shot her arm out and my throat . immediately i gasping for air and trying to pry her off . xb xb understand the dynamic here . if you try to stray from it i can give you a torture just as bad if not worse than what my husband goes through . have i made myself clear ? xb i could only manage to nod in response . xb xb good said and her grip on my neck . besides this won t be causing . not directly anyway . what it will do is allow us some . xb right i hoarsely said rubbing my neck . what exactly do you want me to do then ? xb i tell you on the way back . xb xb that they were waiting for someone to carry out a set number of for them on earth or as they call it . what i was with doing is for them to inhabit . i had absolutely no idea how to go about doing that . regardless i went along with it they d elaborate when need be . we back at the cave . the sight of instantly triggered my gag reflex . xb i to hold it in because i was afraid of what would do to me if i t . the poison had melted away s face leaving only flesh and bone exposed . i m not sure what i found more appalling the smell or the way his exposed skull to give him a permanent smile . contrary to his appearance and smell his voice chipper almost as if he the pain . knowing what i read about him i t by that . xb xb oh good you re back . the serpent s in a mood again . would you mind taking care of that my love ? xb of course not dear . this will be easier with your help . i want you to hold the bowl under the serpent . xb xb naturally i was apprehensive due to the poison . still i t have much of a choice so i reluctantly obliged . i took the bowl and slowly inched my way towards the serpent . it let out a hiss causing me to pause . i only saw hostility in its . xb xb some of its poison onto the floor . this a sizzling noise and steam to rise from it . if the serpent s venom could put in such a state i to think what might happen if i by it . the reason i say might and not would is because i ' t clear what effect it would have on me since i was out of body . however if choking me was any indicator i i to find out the answer to that . xb xb i hesitantly extended the bowl outward . the serpent even causing me to jump . it from the bowl . i think whatever metal the bowl is made of also as a repellent for it . once it had backed far enough away out a large piece of cloth from her pocket . with it she the venom off as i the bowl over his head . xb xb she did so methodically . i could tell that she must have done it so many times it came as second nature to her . when the last bit of the poison had been off his face . i his and as well as his skin . when he had fully the cloth which the poison was quickly dissolving . xb xb so i trust informed you of your role ? he . xb vaguely but yes . xb excellent . however we need to make it so you don t quit on us when we send you back to your world . xb xb he to . before i could a glowing ethereal hand formed from her mouth and thrust towards my chest . i saw its sink into it as though i were made of liquid . when she did i felt my breath stop . my body completely up and from me she out a small glowing orb . xb what . . . was that ? xb xb my vision doubled and i to lean against the cave wall for support . xb xb to put it simply i just removed a piece of your soul . by doing this it us that you can t defy us once we send you back . xb xb she the orb and gave it a light squeeze . pain immediately shot through me and i to the floor for air . xb xb you people are sick i breathlessly said . xb you would be too if you were in our situation said in a serious tone . now you know if you disobey us we can extinguish you with ease . it s not all bad for you though . if you do as we say we will eventually release you . plus we make it so you can t see . here will send you back to your home soon . before she does are there any you have ? xb xb the pain had thankfully dissipated at that point . in sweat i to sit up . xb xb i m assuming you need a proxy between your world and mine right ? i said . xb correct . xb i know why you can t go to my world but why t ? xb i lack the power to she . it was part of my punishment . xb wait . punishment for what ? xb the serpent you see is not the first one assigned to punish my husband . over the i used the venom of many to create to ease his pain . the other and caught wind of this and as punishment severely my power . they thought it a fitting punishment to see the man i love in pain without being able to rid him of it . xb xb sadness came over her face . despite my fear and resentment of her and i still felt slightly sympathetic towards their situation . xb xb what exactly do you need me to do when i get back to my world ? xb rest up for now said . trust me you need all the energy you can get for tomorrow . oh and in case you think this was all a dream when you wake up we give you a reminder that it t . xb xb took a deep breath . a silver and gold snake shaped mist out of his mouth and . it around me blocking my view of the surrounding area . when it i found myself back in my room . my head . xb xb i got up and saw a message among the colors by the necklace . xb xb you can finally look up at the sky again . just remember if you disobey us we show you agony in both a mental and physical sense . the of which you can t comprehend . xb yeah got it i groggily . xb xb despite just waking up i felt extremely groggy . i had to sit and think about what i had just experienced and how i would proceed from there . not long into my white hot pain shot up my right arm so intense my just consciousness was quickly fading . before it did i could see an invisible force of some kind carving a shape into my arm . this shape was of a wolf . xb . . r khav for doggo my next experience part part part part part part taking king creole s on my back i curled up into a ball and just accepted that he was going to beat me until he finally got . it took a long time . and in the end only a phone ringing from his office tore his attention from me . he over to his office and then down to me . sighing he me hard with his dress and turned to enter his office . i sat there and slowly to pull myself up onto the counter . i to try and catch my breath . finally getting my i up to see creole staring at me with a silver platter with a coffee pot and a fancy looking coffee cup . i at her in confusion . was she offering me a cup of coffee ? don t get the wrong idea . bring this to . he s going to be on the call for a while . she said the tray at me . i caught it quickly looking down at all the around . great . now i m his butler . why t i go to college ? sighing and nodding obediently and over towards his office . knocking softly i my way into the office and at him as he to someone through a rotary phone . monsieur ! comment ? tout bien . j ' petite bien . he said with a genuine chuckle . i confused at creole never him speak once in my entire time of knowing him . not only was he a good speaker it like he had always spoken that language . keeping my head down i over to him and sat his cup down . softly pouring some of the black coffee into his cup . he me by the shoulder and me out of the way once it was enough . ? non ma . ? n ' ai de . he into the phone . me away with his hand and forcing me out of his office as he the cup i had for him and took a sip as he to the receiver phone . sighing once i was out of the office i returned to my position at the counter as i down at its endless dust . so . you met the baron ? creole s mother me as she sat in a rocking chair making a voodoo doll . she sewed the little doll without even looking . she just at me as she did so . i at her and then to the office . saying nothing as i to her . she and as she finally down at her doll . when i out of anger and sheer grief . and agreed that if i him with as many as he he would never allow my son to die again . she said with a sigh . rubbing the doll s little head and her . he told me how to stop him . i softly . keeping my voice down to hide it from creole . she back up at me with that smile that all have . the one where she pride over a child . she set the doll down on my counter . bury him . i know . that s how us to the afterlife . because creole is undead and never been buried i was able to put his soul back into his body . as long as he never goes into the ground he never die . she to me . looking at the little doll she had made in seemingly no time at all . it would also be how to put me back to rest . i at the woman who since i had first accidentally brought back to life by accident . she was me about how to beat her and her son . but why ? she was his mother after all . she seemingly read my mind and stood to come over to me and take me softly by the . i a hit from her but she instead wrapped her arms around me . i made . and seeing what done with his second chance of life really my to my . she me go and fixing my hair like any mother does when they see something out of place . will . you help me ? i to her . submissively looking down to the floor . to be hit or hurt for even for her help . but she my chin up to be able to look at her . her motherly down at me like i was a little lost puppy . our little chat was interrupted by creole . who the door to get our attention . we both over and at him as he watched the scene with a raised brow . walking over with his cane in his . ? what are ya doing with my puppet ? he . coming over to me and tapping his cane on the floor . causing me to stand up straight and rigid . walking over to him i at him in terror as he raised the cane up to scare me . luckily he was interrupted by the front door opening . and a small child running and wrapping her arms around him . . king creole ! as she him . his tone instantly as he turned to look at her with a bright smile . her up and smiling at her . ! my why t it a surprise to see you here . he as he sat her on the counter . i at her and then over to the door to see standing there . too ashamed to look at me as she into the shop . she over to creole and bowed her head in respect to the old woman . what are y all doing here anyway ? he the little girl looking up at him with her innocent little . she then pointed over to the door . following her he saw she was pointing at . who out of the way and revealed crawling into the shop and staring up at creole . she was looking worse her human half rotting and her doll half stuffing . you ! she pouncing up with speed and velocity enough to tackle creole and sending him over to the counter as she him . creole let out a growl as he was tackled and his mother quickly rushed behind the counter to help him . i in awe at it and with a quick snipping sound i saw that had rushed over and cut the holding me . quickly ! we do not have much time . she said quickly me by the tie and rushing out of the store . after us to the over and over as we ran . i back at the shop as it went out of view . i over then to the bile building up in my throat . why ? why are you helping me ? i her softly she over to me and as she down and let catch up with us . the little girl and into her mother s arms as she in exhaustion . those little could only take her so far . it s the right thing to do . i cannot leave you to suffer as mary did for all those . and if we lift the curse of creole from you . then perhaps you may return to normal . she to me . pointing over to the cemetery in the distance . i over there and then back towards the shop . creole s in my mind . that i had no one left . i had my . i had been and brought back to life for only one reason . to be the plaything of the voodoo king creole . i don t know . what if i try and kill you ? i her . she and at me . you have to try very hard for that travis . she said with a smile . taking my hand she led me while carrying in her other arm . we at the cemetery and them . looking around at the overgrown we out for the baron . who was now out of her mother s arms on my dress pants . i down at her and got to her level . and she me with in her . the little voodoo doll out and my face . holding onto me as i away . he clung to me and to let go . i gave a soft tired smile as i him off and him in my . he clung to my then as he seemingly to be from me . i you too . little guy . i . ? hand me the purse baby girl . happily and ran over to the gate and the bag . it to her mother she and received a head pat for her . fishing through the bag picked up a bottle of rum . thank you . she holding the bottle up and shaking it . seemingly instantly a hand out and the bottle . the baron from the grave beneath her . he it and himself up with some . the dirt off of him he down lovingly to the bottle before looking over to me with a raised brow and a scoff . you look like that . he the neck of the bottle in his mouth and biting it off . spitting the top of the bottle away and the rum like it was water . out a satisfied groan as he his chest with his hand . i at the floor to avoid his gaze . we acquire your assistance baron said causing the tall black man to look at her with a raised brow as he took a good long swig of the rum . finally finishing his pull of the bottle he at her with an interested gaze . you re with him ? he pointing over to me . she with a nod . he and understood that we were all working against creole . he took another swig and off towards the gate . pointing his finger over to the door and . he s right outside . whatever you re going to do . better do it quickly . he said with a soft giggle going back into his hole with his bottle of rum . great help . i softly rubbing s head with my thumb as i over to the gate . indeed the gate was thrown open as creole and his mother it . in creole s hand was what was left of . body beyond recognition he it to us and to run to and behind her mother . oh ho ho . i got all of you right where i want you . he walking over and stepping on the corpse of . walking over to us as his mother stayed by the gate entrance looking around the graveyard she had been buried in . travis my boy . you want to prove to me that you re a good boy . don t you ? he me tilting his head as he at me . i back at him . he was right . i just to show him that i was good and t want to be . how could i make it so i was a good boy ? maybe . if i kill ? she d been such a problem to him ever since he had given her the second chance of being a mother . i . i but something me back from the chain of thought . i down at as he on my . i down at him and he vigorously shook his head at me . seeing him i was able to pull myself back from the brink and stare up at the creature that had and hurt me for all this time . the creature that had me to kill my own and help him murder countless . go yourself . i said angrily . he his head at me . like i had just spoken in some unknown language to me . he put his hand to his ear and cocked it towards me . did i hear that correctly ? guess i have to beat some sense into you . he said with a giggle coming over to me only for his mother to grab him by the shoulder . he back at her confused . . leave him . you can always create a different puppet . she pointed out to him . he to her like she had just him . he off her hand and at her in complete disbelief . what ? he . staring at her and his yellow teeth . you think i m going to just let him go ? after all the he s done to me ? ! he his mouth wide open and snapping a good many of his . his mother tried to calm him down but he simply her off of him . ! i always taught you never to be selfish ! just let him go the poor boy enough . she pushing her son back and pointing an finger at him . the voodoo king back at me and then to his mother . you brought me back to life . that was selfish . you kept me alive that was selfish ! you do not get to tell me never to be selfish ! he . turning to me and pointing . he will belong to me forever ! he . his cane and coming over to me . i had backed up and had a gravestone between me and him . he came over to me and stepped on the grave and i at him . watch your step . i said . pointing down to the grave as he came towards me . he stopped and had time to read the gravestone before he up at me in anger . his mother s grave . which she d dug herself out of . he t have much time to react as the soft earth gave way and he tumbled down into the grave . he his way up and to pull himself up but something seemingly to drag him back down into the grave . he back in shock at what he saw . baron himself up to his level and down at him . his black skin melting off his body until nothing but a skeleton back at creole . time s up boy . like i finally get to drag your sorry ass down with me ! he declared sinking back into the grave as creole dug his into the dirt to try and pull himself up . he around frantically for his mother but when their made contact she simply away . leaving creole as several skeletal rose up from the grave to start him down into the grave . you think this is over travis ? ! just cause i be gone won t mean a thing ! you hear me ! you don t go unpunished for what you done ! he as he to lose grip on the dirt and grass . the skeletal him down into the grave to let up . i see you in hell . i said . looking down at him as he was further into the grave by the . he left me with one final smile as the dirt him and the last thing left of sumner aka king creole was his top hat once he was dragged underneath the dirt . i at the grave seemingly waiting for him to burst back from the grave . but he t . so . erased just like that . creole spoke up . my attention over to her as she over to her own grave . she stood a good distance away from it so she t immediately be dragged down under as well . he s right . i was being selfish when i brought him back and made him immortal . but i don t know any mother who t do that for their child . she said looking over to who was holding onto . is he . . . really gone ? i her . she up at me and no answer to me . just a simple smile as she the grave she had . her body seemingly returned to its rotten form as she was more gingerly back into her grave . her and her fate . after so long . it was over . i over at and who at me with some sense of fear . but when i came over to them they me and me as i cried hard into them . clung to my hand as he me as well . with my dead and no immediate family to take me in i returned to their home . despite my and . i the same . my body did not change back . i did not get my back . i did not become who i used to be . i was cursed to remain a voodoo puppet . i spent a lot of time in my new room that had given me . it was originally a guest room but she left it to me to do what i . i brought many of my from my old room at home and brought them there . was so happy to have an older brother . at night when they sleep i stay wide awake staring out my window . him to be there . him to have found some way to claw his way out of hell and take me down with him . but he t . and somehow . i felt abandoned . like i had been used and after all my had been extinguished . it was hard to life with and . t a mother to me and i was no son to her . it was like they brought in an puppy and tried to treat it like nothing had at all . i would eat with them watch t . v . with them and even when i was feeling brave go with them shopping . but it never felt genuine . did the best he could to cheer me up . but a little voodoo doll can really only do so much . each day dragged on and on . tried to talk me into seeing a therapist but what therapist would look at me and be able to help me ? and i bet you are wondering about the elephant in the room . my . and my murderous . they haven t gone away . where would they go after all ? i t notice it beforehand . but people have been dying in our neighborhood . and more than a few of my clothes had to be gotten rid of . otherwise people would have seen the blood ! oh of course she . she in on me climbing back into my window with blood all over me . lucky me we understand each other . she t tell i don t hurt her . there t much more i need to tell you all . after all i can t have any of you finding out where i live and operate ! can t have any of you stopping my fun . although i will leave you all with the promise of something in the future . after all the flyer that was in the mail it all . coming soon the grand of the half priced voodoo store . hopefully they re . i have prior experience after all . murder is just one of those you can t take back . that was really the only thing that kept me from it for so long . i knew i to kill someone the debate was only whether i thought i could live with myself afterward . the itch kept me awake slowly eating all my other away and becoming an obsession . it was like a giant neon arrow was pointing at whoever i at proclaiming kill me ! in flashing . xb the urge finally too difficult to ignore . xb i chose one of my . his name was tony . he was young arrogant successful . his attitude had me from the start right when we had been in fact . being around him so often gave me good insight into his personal life . i knew that i could find him at one of three on the weekend . he was still young enough to think he could impress me by telling me how much he had to drink and the wild times he had . i used this to my advantage . xb the fool had told me exactly where he was going to be completely unaware of the fate that him . i watched from the alley across the street . i saw him go in and out to smoke a few times him and his getting progressively and each time . my heart when they finally departed . i hoped he would be able to walk himself home and i was not disappointed . i watched him stagger off crossing the street to where i was waiting . it t have been any simpler . i spun the knife in my palm finally the itch overtake me . xb hey there tony what a surprise i said my face splitting into a huge grin . he turned to look at me squinting into the . he was off balance his were cloudy . xb who s that ? he rocking on his . there was no point our conversation . i lunged forward and caught his collar him into the alley . his blood covered my my my face . i let out a guttural cry removing the blade from his throat and as he fell to the ground choking to death . xb i could hardly believe i had finally done it . it was almost as if it was a dream . there t a soul around to witness what i had done everything had gone off without a hitch . xb i knew the news about tony would be all anybody would talk about when i returned to work on . i hoped that i would be able to keep a straight face . i than usual internally my reaction to the news of his death . i was used to not being with much enthusiasm . i was glad that nobody did more than murmur good morning to me as i made my way to my desk . i down in my chair and up my screen glancing over at tony s desk . maybe the news t broken yet . there was nothing to indicate that anybody was aware of his demise . they around with the usual reluctance reserved for the start of the work week but nothing more . i busied myself to avoid suspicion the grim announcement my manager would make at any minute . xb a familiar voice distantly making my blood turn cold . the usual rowdy and banter him growing and as he . then tony was right behind me laughing and with his like always . i t turn around . i t bring air into my . i felt like i might pass out . xb hey how you doing buddy ? he said walking past before i just like every other time he had gone by . he continued to his desk only a dozen from mine . i was too to look at him while he got settled in . xb i knew i had him two nights ago . there was no possibility that i had made a mistake . none . yet there he was . against my better i finally stole a glance over in his direction . xb his throat was slashed as it had been when i left him to die . blood was gushing out from his wound out on to his desk staining the carpet black beneath him . it was too much for me i heaving . unable to rush by tony to get to the bathroom i my wastebasket . several of my none looking concerned at all only disgusted . i t blame them . xb man are you ? tony rose and rushed over dark blood bubbling out of his mouth . i up in horror watching his wound open and close while he spoke . i away from him and rushed to the bathroom . xb my shaky the sink and at my face in the mirror . no one else had to tony s appearance . he t real . he had to be a hallucination a figment of my imagination . i tried to slow my breath bracing myself to go and tell my manager that i would have to leave for the day . i cracked the door open trying to get a look around the office before i . i t see tony anywhere . this was all i to prove to myself that it was all in my head . i slipped out and picked up my bag rushing away from the and shaking finally slipping into my manager s office . he hardly up when i told him i would have to go home telling him i had gotten sick ago . xb yeah please do don t need everyone else catching it . feel better eh ? he before looking back at his . i t need any more encouragement . when i the door i was met with tony s ashen face . he down at me while blood onto my clothing his concern . xb hey feel better there champ . so baxter i have a lead on a few of those xb their faded as i running my feeling like they were made of . the nausea rose in my chest again this time i was just barely able to keep it at bay . at my car i could hardly get the key in the lock fumbling and sweating as i desperately tried to escape . i drove too fast probably erratically it was all i could do to get away from whatever that thing was . it t be tony . nobody else had seen him the way that i had no one else was frightened by the walking corpse in our office . xb i took the week off myself in my apartment . but there was nothing i could do to stop the inevitable . i would have to go back to work or forfeit my housing . i told myself that when i got there tony would be gone my would be mourning his loss and i would feign sadness . everything else would go back to normal . xb i myself . i lied to myself . i with myself . i found myself in the parking lot the following . nobody that i was back . no one if i was feeling better . nobody that is except tony . xb doing any better ? you terrible last week ! xb he was as ghastly a sight as ever bleeding out a waterfall of gore onto my while he spoke . i t respond i rushed to my desk and did my best to ignore him . just like before no one an eye at his throat . his circled around him while he them of his weekend . their laughter to come from inside my head from one end of my skull to the other . xb you know how you just get used to how you always find yourself stuck in a routine ? tony s gory appearance eventually a fact and nothing more . xb i had watched him celebrate his birthday leaning over to blow out the and drenching it in red . everyone ate without hesitation the bloodstained vanilla cake into their and merrily carrying on . xb when new came in to meet with the team tony them with a crimson handshake and out bloody . no one ever gave him a second glance . xb after getting used to seeing him this way the fear faded and the itch came back . the flashing neon returned too . i again . xb i chose to kill my manager next a different method this time . a hammer to the back of his skull in the parking garage him to the ground while i continued swinging . by the time i was done he was hardly recognizable . xb the next day he came in with his drooping his broken skull pushing out of his scalp while brain matter occasionally fell to the floor with a heavy thud . it ' t faze him at all he continued to organize and give like his life on it . baxter satisfied the itch for a while but it came back worse than before . xb the next one was dan in accounting . xb then in quality control . xb then sam in customer service . xb then carol in . xb i just ' t stop myself . xb now i am surrounded by bustling around the office like nothing . this might sound like a bad thing but it ' t . in fact are going really well at my company . business around here is far from dead . we have big to expand . and out of all of this something positive finally came my way . i received a huge promotion ! i am now the manager can you believe it ? xb it really t have come at a better time either . xb i am fresh out of living . part i had hoped that if the man never i could pretend he ' t there . i could sleep facing the opposite direction . i could put my head under the . anything to make my nights less awkward . was he watching me sleep ? i ' t be sure but it definitely felt like it . i decided to tell my on him . she in the paranormal too so i knew she ' t think i was crazy . in fact we both were convinced that our current house was by a neutral spirit . that ' s the only thing that could explain the sound of upstairs when everyone else was downstairs . the man in the corner had been in a crouching position for a few . his must be young even if he ' t . i myself ' t even sit crossed legged for more than without my body aching . . . and i was only . i my in the morning between classes . we and she me how i was feeling . " are you taking your ? " she . " yeah . " i was lying partially . it was rare when i did take them . they were your standard with a pinch of an thrown in . i know what you ' re thinking but my depression came with auditory . not visual . i know that the man in the corner was real . before she could comment i . " something weird been happening though . " i . i could feel her concern over the phone but she was silent waiting for me to continue . " every night after pm i see a man in the corner of my room . for three days he just stood there . then he crouching . " " have you been taking your ? " she again in what i assume was disbelief . " no but i know he ' s real . i can feel him watching me even though his are always glued on the wall . " i added . " what does he look like ? " i could tell she ' t know what to say . i him to her . black like a void yet defined . not very tall . not wearing a shirt . skinny . and always facing away from me . she was silent for a good minute . her tone she was obviously afraid . " ' t your college have a divinity school ? can you ask someone there to help ? " i told her i would look into it . she told me she would drive down if i her to but i told her i was fine . i ' t want her in the room with it even if she probably ' t see him . i her that even if she did drive down she ' t be in my dorm anyway due to covid . i doing homework after i hung up . i always worked in the suite common area despite a desk by my bed . i ' t feel safe in my room . the were off . i got an eerie feeling whenever my was at one of his in person classes leaving me alone . luckily he was always back by the evening . when my zoom class that afternoon i turned off my video my and settled into my chair until it was over . i had forgotten to charge my phone the night before so i went into my room to grab my cord . all of me to take a post dinner nap but i had work due at midnight . i had time i decided . it was only pm . i would take an irresponsible minute nap and get back to work . i would ' to . but the man in the corner was there already . on all . i let out a squeal and ran back into the common area . my me what was wrong so i finally told him about the man . about why i had been him whenever he was gone to see when he ' d be back . about why i someone else to move into one of the vacant in our suite . i to cry . seeing the man on all made me more uncomfortable than ever . it was a primal bestial stance . i felt more than i ever had . my friend me even in my room but ultimately he ' t see or do anything . i slept on the couch on that night . it was the weekend so naturally i woke up at pm . luckily brunch was at the cafeteria downstairs until pm . it was a light weekend work wise so my and i to watch a movie after i . i open my door at pm cautiously to grab my . i wish i could ' breathed a sigh of relief . but as you may have the man in the corner was there . he had his two on the ground like before . but his were against the wall like he was at it . maybe he to leave . i that the look on his face was one of pure anguish and torment . he was afraid . he kept in some stranger ' s room against his will . we were basically on the same page . though i was i felt bad for him . but enough was enough . maybe i could set both of us free . i got out my and the head of the divinity school . i ' d any theology interested in demonology and the afterlife . i my situation and told him i ' t need to go to the university center . i and assistance . but most of all i someone who could see the man in the corner . i still ' t feel comfortable sleeping in my room so i for the couch again . i had begun religiously the time . i never knew when the man would appear . as i for a reply from the divinity school i decided to do some research of my own . i was certain that i was awake when i saw him so i crossed off sleep paralysis from my list . i also knew no one had in my dorm . i took my that night it was all a hallucination . i kept on him throughout the day he was still there in the same position . i that i had never seen him disappear . he was always just there faithfully . in a sick way it was almost comforting . and nothing like clockwork he was there at am the next morning . this time in almost the same position except his head was mournfully against the wall . it felt like i was seeing him more frequently . gone were the hour from him . the head of the divinity school got back to me that afternoon . he said that he would contact one of his who specialized in demonology . i ' t want to believe that ' s what i was dealing with . i convinced myself that he was a tortured soul desperate to pass on . that ' s what i to think at least . i an all that day . i ' t want to wake up to find him there . at am i checked my room . he ' t there . i partially because i was relieved partially because i ' t gotten any sleep . i checked again at am . i was alone in my room . at am however there he was again . but for the first time i could see his face . he was looking at me . his tracked my every movement with a lunatic ' s fervor but those were the only that . his . they were filled to the brim with but his mouth was expressionless . i out of the room and shut my door locking it with my key . i put my head in my and my friend to remind me of the exact time i saw the man in the corner for the first time . pm . then pm . as i to piece together i . apart . . . . like clockwork . in the near my childhood home there was a little hole maybe three in diameter leading down and at an angle for what to be only about ten but must really have been much . i say this because it led out into a large roughly spherical cavity dug out from the surrounding earth which could not have been less than ten in height but which was entirely insulated from the outside world . absolutely no sound there from outside a bomb could have gone off directly above and it would have been completely inaudible . in this cavity there was a pool of water roughly half of the floor area . this water was always at a soothing warm temperature and was as clear and still as air . i have no idea how it was we lived in new not exactly the geothermal of the united . there was no light in the cavity and i mean none at all . unless you brought a lamp or a flashlight down with you it was as dark as the grave . there was also no smell . you probably never been in a place with no smell before . even in the most sterile can create there s always at least a faint smell of something here there was nothing . it was like there t even any air . if you stayed down there long enough you might begin to notice an incredibly faint trace of your own body odor but if you left and came back or if you stepped into the pool it would vanish instantly . in short if you down the hole laid back in the pool and turned off any you could experience something as close to absolute non being as is probably possible in this life . i have no idea where the hole came from . nobody could tell me and not everyone in my family to know about it . my father did my mother t my brother did my sister t . you might think based on that that it was some kind of magical pocket dimension only visible to the male of my family but i was able to lead my mother and sister to it and point it out to them . they just t known about it before . they to have trouble it too when i them about it later they told me to show them again . i don t think they ever went inside it . it was probably better that way . i spent a lot of time in this hole as a child . i was always very shy and nothing more than a place i could do whatever i without anybody else seeing or hearing me the hole was as good a place for that as they come . that t just because it was soundproof . i to notice pretty quickly that nobody ever in on me while i was down in the hole . not once over the course of at least five did anyone ever walk in on me while i was down in the hole not even my father or my brother . one time i spent so long down there my father tried to find me to make sure i was but he t until i came back out on my own even though he had checked the hole while i was in it . i been looking everywhere for you martin he said . what were you doing down there ? oh just some for the school play i told him . this t a lie we were on a performance of a midsummer night s dream and i was flute though i had very few i was with getting them just right which involved being able to imitate a woman s voice at least decently . i t want anyone else finding out about what i was doing . you t drink the water did you ? he . no i t . why ? just making sure . i got a mouthful of it once and had to go to the hospital . probably in it or something . if it s just touching you you should be fine . i think i was fourteen when that . the hole pretty normal for a mysterious hole until about four later in the summer before i was due to go off to college when i went down into it to defile myself for the first time . i m trying to put this as delicately as i can i think you can guess what i mean . now even back then i had my if anything they were then than they are now . i felt absolutely filthy and nothing more than to purge myself of even the trace of the fluid i had just discovered i could emit . so i myself into the pool and lay there completely submerged for what like . not once did i come up to breathe . that was the first sign something really t right . as an infant i had nearly during birth or so my mother told me and from then on i had always the sensation of water touching my face for that reason i had never my head in the pool before . i had never so much as drunk the pool water not even in my had i it was breathable . the feeling of the water in my in my in my flesh was infinitely better than the pathetic little release i had gotten out of indulging my lust . it was as though i were entirely by a blissful nothingness inside and out . there was nothing but pleasure to speak of even now i remember it more fondly than i should . what ecstasy ! what rapture ! i lay there all through the night floating beneath the surface of the pool in absolute darkness and silence of being to nothing and born anew . when i left the hole my father was waiting for me . you drank the water t you . so what if i did ? you were wrong about it being dangerous i never felt anything better in my life . you were just trying to keep me from finding out t you ? fine i admit it . but it was for a good reason . an experience like that t something you should be every day . it just t natural . you might get addicted to it . and then he around for a moment . i knew you d find out about it eventually . just promise me you set a limit on it ? once a week or every two or something . i just don t want you to go down that road with your life . but i t listen . i going down to the pool every day and breathing in the water for as long as i could the orgastic sensation as if it were a religious experience . maybe it was . i was careful of course i took care of all my beforehand and i brought a timer down with me to make sure i t accidentally spend the night again . what a horrid device ! even now there s nothing like the sound of that evil timer with its two little more cruel than the of leviathan silently egging me on to my own destruction to rouse me to a fit of rage so intense i could kill everyone in the room with me before coming to my . after a few days of breathing the water i to change . my friend was the first one to notice it or at least the first person to comment on it . wow did you seriously bleach your hair just to impress kelly ? he upon seeing me out one day . kelly was a girl had had a crush on once doing just to impress kelly sort of an in joke between us after he utterly to get her attention . what are you talking about ? last i checked my hair s just as brown as always . you must have checked a while ago then . he but when he saw the confusion on my face he there had been a . wait you don t actually think your hair is still brown do you ? i don t know what you re talking about . are you seeing something i can t ? i sure hope not . have a look and tell me you can t see it . he brought me over to a nearby store window and had me look at my reflection in it . there it was sure enough my hair once brown as mud was pure ash though i had never it . it t take long for me to connect this with the one thing i had done to my hair recently soaked it in the pool for on end . i should have been more put off by what had but i had always secretly hair so i just thought of it as a nice bonus on top of how good it felt to breathe in the water . i figured it had just too gradually for me to notice . i continued to spend time in the pool and more my went from brown to blue to green my skin paler and paler and my teeth bleached so white that when the dentist at them she said she d never seen anything like it . but those were just the superficial . soon my to atrophy or maybe fat built up on top of them i m not sure which . i to look rather androgynous . it was at this point that i to realize i might be making a mistake coming down to the pool so often . as hard as it was to tear myself away from it i decided to take a break from the pool for a week and see if it made any difference coming up with all of rational for the my skin was pale because i was sitting in a dark hole all day my were because i t them . it t work . the continued even when i t going anywhere near the hole . i getting winded if i ran even a few dozen . i cut easily i slit my finger on a piece of paper and it tore open a huge gash . the blood was pink . i was ashamed to ask my father for help after everything i had done but it like the only option i had left . he told me there was nothing he could do . he had tried to warn me he said but i had never looking back on i remember that he had and that i had his dire of to an embryonic state as just more of the crazy fear mongering i had about at school . i wish i t . i desperately out hope as the got worse and worse . my hair turned white and eventually to nothing . i could no longer stay awake for more than a few at a time . my and fell out . the in my and breaking spontaneously . eventually pain and drowsiness got the better of me . i gave up and decided to spend my last conscious in as much pleasure as possible . i down into the hole curled up at the bottom of the pool and shut my never to see the light again . i got up and out of that hole some nineteen later looking by some miracle exactly like i had the day before i had breathing the water . but there was no one waiting for me . woke up this morning feeling pretty sick . my stomach hurt and i felt dizzy . i to call in sick but my roommate said i t . he told me go to work or you can t pay the rent and i have to kick you out . later that day after a few close regarding the sickness i went home . it was dark out which t unusual for pm . i was distracted by my phone and then i . i some rustling behind me and i getting up and backing away from the area . know what came out of the ? nothing . well i thought it was nothing . it was so dark i t tell . when i turned on my flashlight to get a better look it to run away . i turned off the flashlight and it turned back towards me . as i am a moron i t run away from this thing . i told the thing my name . i what it was . it t respond as i was . i turned away to continue walking home but i the thing say wait . it s voice . . . oddly familiar . not like a man or woman but i swear i it before . it like that voice in my head that i hear when i m reading . i turned back around to listen to what it had to say . i don t know you . i m not sure why i m here . but you help me . i need to get back home . confused i who and what it was . . . . i don t know if i can tell you that . i for it to say something else . t you say something else ? i get back to my roommate . . the thing at me . come with me . i . the thing went into a dark building . i t see any of what it was . i at my phone . . how the heck is it still ? ! i met this thing like an hour ago ! i under my breath . eventually we came to a stop . hold on just a second . the thing said . um . . as i for it to finish whatever it was doing i around the building my flashlight to see . huh this like the grocery store . . . t it open a day ? finally the thing was finished . come over here i m done . as i back over i around for the thing . all i could see was empty and grocery seemingly abandoned in the middle of shopping . i still t find the thing . i m over here at the check out ! why did that voice sound so familiar ? it t like the thing s voice it like . . . like mine . i went over to the check out and around . i t see anyone . just some shopping as if people were behind them . there was some money and a few candy on the counter . this is creepy . i m getting out of here . i thought to myself . as if it could read my mind the thing out in front of me . it was as if i was looking in a mirror . oh how come ? don t you help me ? it . no i really need to get back . i m sure it s almost . . . i at my phone to check the time . . . . ? ! what the heck ? ! the thing was me . i around for something to distract it . the candy on the counter caught my eye . i threw them at the thing . ow why did you do that ? ! oh that hurt . . . i took my opportunity to run to the exit . as i left the building i saw the turn back on . people were shopping as if nothing . the entire street lit up again . all the were open there were people walking around and i was standing in the middle of the street . as i headed back to the sidewalk to continue back home i at my phone . the time read . oh thank the lord . when i got back to the apartment my roommate me where i was . oh i was just late at work . had some stuff i to finish . i made some . want some ? over dinner we t say much . so how was your day ? my roommate me . oh just your average . i back . mercy bane here with another trip to my closed . the first one brought us to manor and an account of horror within " " . now say hello to island . this particular island is also known as the black plague island or death island . it a very real location and is a well place . this island was the site in which plague would dump the dead and dying . it was for lack of better a mass burial ground . the biggest difference ? the dead ' t buried . they were burned . burned in massive that surrounding with the remains of the dead . the island eventually an insane asylum just to add to the horror . many inhumane and within its twisted . let me recount a tale for you . mostly so you get the idea of how have felt . lord the dead are trapped there . . reader discretion is advised due to vulgarity and of extreme violence . . " its just a small detour . " my to me as the small boat over the gentle . " they said it ' s not a visiting site . you know how i feel about the deceased jerry . " i say my voice wavering a bit towards the end . he my back soothingly as the driver back . " you should listen to your woman . she a head on her . this island ' t a tourist destination lad . it ' s the resting place of many tortured and scornful . " jerry lightly never been one to pay attention to such . " we will be fine . i ' m sure of it . besides don ' t you always wear your protection stuff ? " he . i glare at him as he to himself . sometimes i wonder why i even date this guy . he can be such an . the boat comes to a slow stop just beyond the edge of the island . i swallow hard as i look at the expanse of desolate land . this island does not want us here . or . . . maybe not the island itself . jerry out dragging me with him onto the shore . our driver up as we stand on the damp earth . " i will only wait until the sun . after that you are on your own . leave or stay . " i watch him pull out to water and jerry ' s hand that i follow him . i linger close to the water . trying to place what i am feeling before i move any further . deep in the pit of my stomach a familiar feeling . unease discomfort . a general fear that deep within my . there is a wrongness here . it in the very soil . its deeply rooted within this place . we should not be here . jerry cannot wait any longer and me along behind him . run down my spine the hair standing up on my arms . against my chest my amulet of protection against my skin . i stop in my digging in my . " i can ' t do this jerry . this is wrong . " i whisper . he at me his face turning red as his anger . " you ' re such a pussy . its just a island . there is no no no . you ' re so stupid and dramatic . fine go back to the boat . i don ' t need a kill joy . " i wince as he at me and turn on my heel away . under my breath i speak to the " " of the island . " i ' m so sorry i unwanted and uninvited to a place i do not belong . you are already distraught and unhappy my being here cannot be helping that any . i apologize for my intrusion and i will leave . " i flag down the boat and turn to look at the island seeing that which i had previously tried to ignore . they hover en mass . black spectral over the land like a cloud with of . many many . they pass through each other . and all rend the air . a figure just before me within distance . its mouth gapes as it at me . empty white gazing into mine . i keep my mouth shut knowing all too well that it . it that i can see it . " l leave . " it and i bow my head . i quickly board the boat and watch as jerry is whole by the mass of . as far out as we are i would be if he could contact me if there was an emergency . i suppose i should just consider this our break up . i can not be with someone who does not respect the bed of the dead or the of one who can see . worry as we move further towards real land . the driver musing aloud for me to hear . " wise of you to leave the dead alone miss . though ' t you worried about your lad ? . no probably not . he ' t listen to you . not one bit . let the island have him . " two days later i file a missing person ' s report and purchase a plane ticket home . he was . you do not disturb the dead . . the dead wish to lay at rest . what if they cannot ? well i just can ' t see them liking the invasion of their resting place . island is home to so many that the people who live nearby consider it a forbidden place . many people invade its hunting for the . they never consider the disrespect they are showing those who perished there . a not so gentle reminder for you as you avoid stepping on a marked bed so should you avoid the unmarked man ' s grave . one man was laid to rest another was to an eternity of unrest . they all deserve your respect . many more closed exist for me to discuss . if you want to view more real and their possible endure and you ' receive more . ever since i to a new house i could hear coming from the attic . . . it a month ago when i first to this house i try to sleep i would hear in the attic . a day after the first occurrence i went to the attic and found out that there was nobody up there it was nothing but a few old of furniture and some . a few days later the were still there during the th occurrence i woke up to a loud thud in the attic . i immediately my friend and told him that something fell in the attic and i if he could stay over at my house for a few days he told me to wait and he would come to my house . after he at my house with of clothes and some other . we for about and i to him everything that so far he frightened as if he knew something that i ' t . i him if he knew something he told me that this house was part of a murder that a few ago " what ? ? " i said in fear he then also told me that the murder victim was multiple times to the chest . as he told me more about the murder victim i got more and more . thud we the sound coming from the attic it was than the last thud we decided to call the police . below is the conversation between me and the officer on duty dispatcher " please state your name and emergency . " me " my name is and my friend and i just a loud thud in the attic can you send an officer to investigate ? " dispatcher " please state your address . " me dispatcher " alright we ' send to investigate . " me " thank you . " after a couple of or so the . we them where the attic was and they it after a few of investigating they t find anything but a few of a little girl and beside the were some colored . the that maybe an animal was in the attic . but we knew that the loud thud was no animal . so my friend and i decided to check properly and we found out that there was more than just a drawing there were scratch close to that of a human but it made no sense . the scratch led to a mysterious hidden door behind some . as we got closer to open the door we a little girl crying below the attic where my room was . we went to the door that to the attic and it was locked so we ' t get to my room . " we ' re trapped " said my friend . no matter how hard we pull it was just locked and we ' t get out a sound came from the hidden door behind us . when we turned around a mysterious red glow came from inside the hidden room . my friend went to investigate and tried to open the door . " boom " the hidden door closed with my friend inside of it we were . " no no help ! ! ! " said my friend i tried to open the hidden door but then suddenly the door was gone and i on something and hit my head next thing you know i ' m back in my bed like nothing ever . i my friend no . xb a week later xb my friend is still missing and to this day i can still hear the coming from the attic i prefer to just leave it alone for now and search for my friend . the only sound came from clanking and silverware as we up our thanksgiving meal . it ' s always a little awkward around thanksgiving especially at grandma ' s my grandfather two ago to the day the one time we decided not to spend it at her house . when she my her daughter most she ' t there . understandably we ' t from her in some time until a few ago around august . my got a phone call at work from . she us there this thanksgiving . " it ' s been a rough year there ' s enough resentment going around already . . . " she off mumbling something about politics " i think it ' s time we bury the axe . " my came home in telling us our was back and we ' d be going there for thanksgiving so don ' t make any other . she was so excited she gave me an early present a puppy . every young man in the family had a puppy of their own around their th birthday and i was to be no exception but i ' t expect it so soon . " it ' do your some good to see the tradition ' s still alive . " she said smiling through of . it ' t doing any good now though as we all up in silence . nobody said anything not since the awkward and cheek pinching that came with greeting a grandma . something about it felt empty though like she ' t really care about us . it ' t sit right . the puppy sat on the floor gnawing on a turkey bone . " enjoying that ? " said trying to break the silence . " he sure to be . enjoying that ? " said my little sister mary . she was and everything she did was an emulation of the in the room . " why do you always do that ? " said our brother . was and just starting to come into his own . he was big for his age and the whole stack of from the table in one hand with the leftover turkey and in the other just to show off . " do what ? " mary . " copy what they say . " said . " better than giving each other the cold shoulder . " i . " peter ! " my ' s voice came down like a hammer . the silence had broken like thin ice under a rock now . " it ' s alright . " said " are more perceptive than we think . maybe i ' m not . . . not ready to forgive but i ' t want to be alone again this thanksgiving . i ' m grateful you all came " " then act like it ! " said my down the pot in the sink " i can ' t take this . you know something about dad it ' s not like you lost a good husband . how many did he have ? tell me ? just how many ? " the silence returned again as the realization set in that my mother had blown up this thanksgiving . my grandma for all her kept composure . she got quiet down and said nothing . " can ' t you just appreciate what you do still have instead of what you lost ? " she . her to water . she turned to me " put that dog outside in the doghouse before you go to bed ! " and off . i not respond but to when she left . " there ' s no way i ' m him outside in the doghouse alone on thanksgiving . . . " i said . we got an unexpected chuckle out of who was her " you know i made your grandfather sleep in that doghouse when i found out he had an affair . he had a dog too it junior not too inventive . i ' m sorry you have to hear all this . i ' talk to your mother in the morning . why don ' t you go to bed and let me finish cleaning up ? " we did just that and left her to her . our room had two and a sofa to sleep on . mary being the took the sofa while got the bed just under the window . i decided i ' d sleep by the door with . we laid there quiet tossing and turning and mary with her hair . i could tell everyone was thinking about when mary decided to remove any . " do you think ? " she . " of course she does . why even ask ? " said " we ' t be here if she ' t . " " what about you ? what do you think ? " mary . i . i ' t sure . and my hand . i pet him trying to feign sleep . " i can see you moving . " said . darn . " i ' m not sure . . . " i said " maybe . " that ' s when cut in " maybe ' s just she ' t have much time left either . you know you go to hell if you live in anger right ? " had a way of everyone off . " shut up . " i said . " or what ? " he . i sat up . i was still the bigger brother . " shut . up . " i said . mary sat up and drove the point home . " shut . up . " did shut up . and after a while we all went to sleep . i woke up at whatever o ' clock it was in the morning . i tried to sleep but i ' t i had to go to the bathroom and it was so bad it hurt to roll over so i got up with a groan . and mary were out cold . i made my way to the bathroom did my business and was on my way back to my room when i caught muffled talking from down the hall . it was coming from my ' s room . i snuck over and listed in careful to avoid the third down the hall they . they were talking about dinner about my grandpa and i it clear as day " i forgive you i love you . " grandma gave a hug . honestly ? i ' d never so hard before . it finally felt like were coming together becoming normal . from behind me i something else though a huff like someone was dissatisfied . then i the of on the hardwood floor the kind a dog when it off . i after them before calling out to . i caught a glimpse of him heading down the and across the landing in front of the front door the pale glow of illuminated his figure . " ! " i whispered . he was probably on the hunt for some turkey . i after him following the sound of on the floor . i got to the bottom of the and rounded the bannister . there was a hallway that on the left into the living room and at the end of it was the kitchen which in this old house had a door instead of an open air archway . either side was white wood paneling the theme of the time it was built . i could hear in there so i crept over to the door whispering his name . when i open the kitchen door was just sitting there in front of the back entrance . the kitchen was the only part of the house been and had a marble island in the center surrounded by with a nice slate grey on the far end and a whole wall of that led up to the glass panel to the patio outside . i could see because of course there was from the and another street behind the house . i could see ' s silhouette at the door his head sunk low to the ground like he was guilty . " got you huh ? " i said . stopped midway through his back and forth motion and cocked his head at me . that ' s when i felt a little sensation of tiny like crawling up my back . were telling me something was off but it ' t register . . . yet . " what ' s the matter ? " i said " i ' m game if you are . i ' take some pie you take some turkey win win . just don ' t tell . " i in the dark but it ' t a genuine smile . something in me was forcing a smile as if to appear less threatening to the dog . i too that the reflection in his the kind dogs and get when a light them was a dull yellow color and that the were wide open . wide open like on alert and afraid . but there was something else in those too . curiosity ? as if knew he ' d been caught but was waiting to see what if anything i might do about it . he put his foot down and that ' s when i something was very wrong . it made a sound similar to when a hand against tile or wood or any hard surface . it had the click of but that clapping sound was way off . i was shaking . i to the . or what i was starting to think was very much not did not move but me with his across the room . i the knowing full well that the light would illuminate whatever was behind me and reveal if i was just seeing or not . then came the breathing the low almost inaudible breath drawn in with every step i took toward the . " j just one second b buddy . . . " i said stepping slowly . every time i felt my foot hit the cold hard tile i that same click clap of one of it ' s come down . step . click clap . i took a breath it let out a wheeze . step . click clap . breath . wheeze . it felt like there was an eternity between me and that refrigerator . i lived ten in the time it took me to get there and put my clammy sweat soaked hand on the handle to pull it open . my arm felt like lead . the was so close i could almost feel the breath coming out of its mouth against the back of my and it was cold not warm . i the and took out the pie sliding it across the counter . i took out a piece of turkey and turned around the door swing shut behind me . in the last crease of light i got a glimpse enough for the rest of my life of whatever was behind me it was covered in long shaggy black and grey fur like you might expect out of a bearded collie but it ' t cover the entire thing . it stopped at the front which were veiny and not really at all but more like the of a person . that were gnarled cracked and worn out from being used to walk in a very unnatural way for their owner . it ' s body had an odd shape too . the stuck out like a man ' s broadly at that and it squatted down on all like a person at being a dog . it ' s were fixed much closer together and forward than a dog ' s like a person ' s but it ' s snout was long and rounded like a dog . it ' s head hung down low too probably because it ' s ' t quite right and it hooked up so the face ' t pointed at the ground . it had something of a serpentine neck which is probably why it and when it tried to breath . i threw the turkey on the floor and it its head . it made while it lapped it up . i tried to shimmy by but once it finished it fixed it ' s on me again at least in the dark i could feel it looking at me so i froze . " i ' m going back to bed . . . " i said smiling in terror in the dark . then i a voice from the doorway " get outside ! " said my grandma . i was sweat running down my and my heartbeat in my . i turned around and saw her there looming in the doorway . i the sound of the thing move across the floor and the sound of the back door opening . when i turned around it was gone . " it ' s nothing to worry about . " said " he ' s just curious . he you in his own way . " she said walking to the door . she to something outside pointing . i it was the doghouse . " i told him he could see you this year . i made him sleep out there with the dog you know when i found out about his . this is the second year he ' s come back and i guess i ' t want to end up like him . living out in the dog house . " she a smile devoid of real happiness but not empty . it was full of pain of anger and something else . . . she was enjoying this . i said and went to bed but i ' t sleep much . in the morning we left my grandma gave me a hug and a wink and sent us on our way . i if we ' d ever come back for thanksgiving " i it . " i said but the were hollow . " no i don ' t think we need to . " said my " she us and . . . i forgive her too . " my grandma a few later and to date we haven ' t seen any of her since . the house she lived in was sold at auction . it ' t really matter where we live anyway . if we can ' t move on if we can ' t forgive we might not end up living in a mansion or a trailer or a box for that matter . all you ' ever know is living out out in a dog house . part a . m . i unlocked the and in ready for another day at s . i m done boss ! i around confused for a minute until i turned the on and saw a mountain of m the space in front of the cash with s head out at the top . what the hell are you doing ? you told me not to leave or talk to you until i finished counting the m . it was kind of hard with the off but i did it ! have you been here all night ? yes . there s m in the store . thousand four hundred and two red thousand and yeah yeah good job . can you clean all these up now ? oh and order more please . oh . . . . i might take a minute getting down . i already gotten lost like three times in here she said while giggling at herself . well take your time i confused at how you can get lost in m . suddenly a muffled scream came from the pile of m . we both turned towards it and then another scream come from inside clearly a woman s . who the hell is in the m ? i tried to sound concerned but aggravation took over the tone of my voice . she over in and a woman s head out of the colorful mountain . help me ! he s coming for me ! aw it s honey you re safe here ! continued the woman out of the mountain by her hair and towards us . she stopped whenever she the girl was nothing more than a head . oh no you lost your body ! it s though ! i got lost in there too . do you want me to help you find it ? the only good thing i about is that she unable to realize just how scary some can be . i think it s the reason the hired her because i know it for sure t because of her work ethic or brains . he s coming ! he s coming for all of us ! the woman again . of blood to fall from her and drip onto the floor . it s ! here have some m . they always help me feel better . a hand full of m and to force feed the woman . she gave up when she the woman t exactly have a stomach for them to go to or even an esophagus for them to go through so they just fell straight to the floor into the puddle of blood . who are you talking about ? who is coming ? i her . ! the woman and the as if they were as as she was . see ! his power is increasing ! soon he he unstoppable ! honestly today already t turning out like the day i had prepared for in my head and that was saying a lot for s . i was not feeling it at all . i think that explain why my response to hearing s name was to grab the woman s head from walk outside to the s dog house and chuck it inside . the woman screaming bloody murder the second the sliding glass closed but i it and the sad look was giving me . oh and can you mop up that blood too please ? thanks i her as i made my way to the office to prepare to open . p . m . good afternoon and thanks for shopping with us at s i said while holding the strangely sticky microphone in my hand . i silently that t spilt chocolate syrup on it again . if you haven t made your way over to the yet head over there and let hook you up with some of our daily on whatever meat selection you would like ! today s special just came in yesterday so you know it s fresh ! told me he had to fight off the for that special meat . he something about it for s family to send them our best but i quickly shut that down . we also now have wooden for sale for whatever you may need . church praise . . . crucifixion . . . . . . . i at the new cashier that the had hired . i her giving me a very confused stare and i had to stop myself from accidentally into the microphone . she t know what she was getting herself in to . you never know what you need until you need it . also the are finally back in working order and we re terribly sorry about that inconvenience i d give it about a week until the blood came back . the new cashier was love seeing that . as always have a great day and thank you for shopping with us at s . i let go of the microphone and towards . you have an interesting sense of humor she said while smirking . i at her with a straight face and said i t . i my from her and for her to follow me . i her to question my difference in humor but she surprisingly t . we past the while we . since you re new here there s a lot you re going to have to get used to . you mean like that weird dog out front ? she then said that thing like on . why do his glow red though ? because it s not a dog and not a he either i while feeling grateful that the t fully show itself or try to get a taste of yet . what is it a really angry fat cat ? she at her joke again but then awkwardly stopped whenever she i t laughing . honestly if i told you what it really was you t believe me so we talk about that another time . we re waiting on someone else to help with that situation anyway . what animal control ? i could tell this question t a joke this time . something more serious and definitely not an animal . well does it at least have a name ? what if we it spot ? maybe that would make it less angry i stopped at an isle that t by any . she at me expectantly waiting for me to acknowledge her joke but i t . whenever she finally got somewhat used to this place that s when we could joke about the strangeness of it but she t even know that it was more than just a joke right now . did the tell you anything about the job before they hired you ? or have you anything about this place ? i her and i t at all when she shook her head . they t warn me or the either . now that i had been here so long they left it up to me to teach new how to safely operate this place . do you believe in the paranormal or anything strange ? what like crop and ? i shook my head . like . . . ? oh . . . i guess ? i think my grandma s house is . why though ? are you trying to tell me this place is right after she that question a customer up . the customer in question was a beautiful woman with insanely curly bright red hair and vivid green . her face was enough to keep you completely but if you could look away long enough you d see that she was wearing a straight jacket . it took me a moment to even notice it when i first met her . hello can either of you please help me with this wretched jacket ? . . . sure said completely as she towards the woman to help . i probably should have her of what was about to happen but it s best that she learn herself . i mean who would just help someone in a straight jacket without a few first anyway ? she clearly had a lot to learn in life but i think s would teach her way more than the average person would learn . anyways the woman is a repeat customer which is why i t at all over what ended up happening . thanks said the red haired beauty just before she by the hair and her towards her . she a knife from the waistband of her pants and the sharp edge against s throat before she said they re coming for me and i won t let them take me back . i swear i kill her before they do . no one is coming for you . you re perfectly safe here i softly reassured her . i had the i told her each time she returned in my head almost like reading a script . i just hoped t try anything because i did not know how would go down if she did . she t look as as i thought she would be over this predicament which would have been a good sign if she t look kind of amused like she the woman to try and hurt her . no one is coming for you i reiterated . you been dead for . you don t have to worry about them or . she blinked her big green at me in disbelief . what ? that can t be . how do you know my name ? are you one of them ? it can be because it is and i know this because you come here almost every week and do the same exact thing i said taking the opportunity to discreetly press the button on my talkie in an attempt to alert that i assistance . no you re lying ! you re trying to make me feel like i really am crazy ! i m not ! not i tell you ! she her hand around the knife and accidentally a bit causing a small drop of blood to escape from her neck . i see wince but i think it was because she was finally feeling a tinge of fear rather than from pain . oh you are . you re also dead though so i don t think how crazy you are really . tell me do you remember anything before the asylum ? she stood there and for a bit scanning her brain for any fraction of memory she could remember but i knew nothing would come up . it never did . she decided to ignore my question instead and did exactly what i was really she t do . how can i be dead when i don t even feel dead ? i show you i m not dead ! just a split second before came up behind her to try and subdue her took the knife and slit her . she immediately screaming whenever no blood came out and she the knife to the floor by her . i can t be dead ! no ! took advantage of the opportunity and wrapped a rope around her while i slowly down and the knife along with s wrist her behind me . it s at least you re safe now . i always felt bad for her . she truly was a nice woman along with drop dead gorgeous . the story of her death was a truly gruesome one so i usually always lied to her about it when she . she up at me her jade full of and did i die in that hell hole ? no you before you . that t technically a lie but not truth either . besides shaking a bit still mostly calm . she kept staring at in disbelief and even amazement . was about to bring up front to the office but for him to wait . she one of s arms and turned it over to look at the lightly touching one with her . t even flinch or show any of feeling pain . can you feel that ? she and by shaking her head falling from her and onto the tiled floor . down at the for just a second more before wrapping up in her arms . it s to be confused and but you re safe here now . you don t have any reason to be . they can t hurt you she as she said this holding her head to her stomach while brushing the tear covered that were stuck to her out of the way . let go of and at me while how can i cry but i can t bleed ? i and honestly i don t know . t really seem satisfied with my answer but she could tell i had nothing else to say . she silently again without . until stopped crying before she let bring her up front . after they had left i to make sure was . honestly i would understand if you to quit after that experience . no one ever had something that scary happen to them in their first day . she rarely ever goes through the self harm scenario so i m sorry for not better you for that . she caught me off guard because she laughing are you me ? that s the biggest rush i ever felt in my life ! i it ! she and for a second . i just hope will be . maybe she would fit in here after all . p . m . i had forgotten that the local blood bank to park their van they use for in our parking lot today and we usually always get a rush after that . the blood mobile a lot of . . . special who like to buy the blood and while i know that t sound very legal the like the business that it for us . something about the blood the a high that also them have the so we always get crazy busy whenever donation . after the rush down i brought into the office to discuss the days and left to man the . so . . . who is . . . or was ? she as she with s rope tangling it in her . every time left she always randomly . one minute she d be sitting in the office talking to you then you turn your back for a split second and turn back and she s no of her been there besides the rope used to subdue her . we keep the rope for every time she comes back because we knew that basically the same would happen each time and there had been many where we her and assumed she had down only to have another hostage with a sharp object to their . i and sat across the table from her . was a patient who from an asylum in the s . whenever she she came here and took a hostage saying she would kill the person if they made her go back to the asylum so the ended up swarming the place . she whenever they shot her in the back of the head . was the hostage ? she completely with s story . i honestly was that she was so of what she had considering the existence of is something heavily around the world . i guess if you see a woman literally attempt kill herself in front of you and not even bleed a single drop of blood you don t have enough evidence to dispute what you saw with your own two . oh yeah . she the girl . she never to hurt the she i while i watched her tie the rope into a bow while she . she s just because she she to go back to the asylum . well why was she in there ? paranoid schizophrenia . oh she said with a look of sadness on her face . she unknotted the bow and knotted it again taking a moment to think . then she that t even the thing to happen at this place was it ? she up at me as i by shaking my head and saying not even close . she thought for a moment again and then what is spot ? spot is a and i don t think it would like the name spot . a . . . like from native folklore ? this was the first time i d seen full blown disbelief on s face since she got here . it whenever she saw how serious i was . that would be it yes . we re working on getting someone hired to handle the problem . you re kill it ? she disappointed when she this . well yeah . he ate the last cashier . that s why they hired you . well maybe i can make him friendly . i did name him after all . it s a not a feral anima . and i told you it t like that name i said almost laughing . when i came in here he was literally with a squeaky toy . i could hear it from inside the dog house . gave it that because she s and nothing she does ever sense i rolled my while saying this very over s . well maybe he to be a pet . it to eat people . and stop calling it he . it s an it . right after i said this spoke over my talkie and me to come help him with something so i myself and gave some from the to read while i was busy . p . m . since it was close to i was in the office doing some last minute for a fight that broke out in the parking lot between two rival werewolf . the like me to document when stuff like that though whether it s just for their pleasure or for actual legal i m not sure . came in and handed me a piece of paper that she said she found in the bathroom . it had of blood on it the we are coming and a bunch of random under it that i m assuming is their language . i t really think much of the note but then she told me to go check out the bathroom . i it to have its usual mess of blood which honestly would be kind of unusual because it normally a bit longer to show back up but when i in it was so much worse . instead of blood there was an abundance of black sludge that you had to wade through . around in it each with their and wide open like they were screaming in terror and a pyramid of and was against one corner . the same language from the note was into the tile floor to ceiling along with that crudely and a few upside down . i tried to walk towards one of the but it was extremely difficult with the sludge as deep as it was . i stopped and ran back to the doorway of the bathroom whenever i felt something grab my leg . a being formed from the sludge coming together to create a woman with long black hair black and skin that to barely fit her . rather than clothes the sludge covered her and writhed around her body moving her loose skin around as it did . she absolutely disgusting and dirty and just like what you d expect a person from black sludge to look like . she her mouth and her arm in completely her jaw way past what a normal human jaw could withstand . what she brought out was a chain with a charm the on the wall and she to slowly move towards me with it . i tried to move but the same invisible force that had used to take over my body once again . she stopped just before me and raised the charm to my forehead . she it on my skin lightly and then more forcefully once i to feel it burning . i tried to scream but the force had taken away my ability to move even my . she into my and rather than seeing torturous i felt a feeling of despair and hopelessness . fear but this woman made you want to beg to be dead . i felt like her were slowly sucking my soul out of me . i sat there in silent pain until after what felt like an eternity she removed the charm . she it back into her mouth and it . then as slowly as she came towards me she backed away and melted into the sludge again . i felt whatever paralysis the force had leave my body but then i with fear to move within the sludge afraid she d come back . i down whenever came up behind me . you have one of those little on your forehead she said and i could actually hear fear in her voice . i got brave enough to walk towards one of the bathroom to look at myself . the symbol burned into my forehead an upside down tear drop with a lightening bolt through it . i around at the on the wall to see if any the one now on me but none of them . whenever i turned back towards the mirror the on the wall above the mirror had to the you have been marked by him but whenever i blinked they had back into the strange . i back at and did you see that too ? she by nodding and i this is the least that she had ever spoken since starting at s . were getting strange at s but it was a strange unlike any that we had ever seen . p . m . i just finished locking up the store . i to clean the bathroom up for us and he swore he t see any strange floating around in the sludge . took of the in the bathroom and the one on my forehead before she left and told us she was going to try and research them tonight . stayed quiet besides telling us before she left . i tried to explain to the how concerned i was about something bad happening soon but they still t take it seriously . they told me they had already had five different of people or the end of the world was coming . i honestly have no idea how to feel about what s going on but i do know i m . whatever that woman did to me left me feeling incredibly off like she actually did take a piece of my soul with her when she left . she t feel evil like however . the only thing that comes to mind whenever i think of her are of sadness and despair and wanting to end . i don t know what the future but i m honestly . i keep you if anything else . good luck out there . my several times great grandfather was a sheriff in a small us town and according to my grandfather was a great storyteller . his of life in the th century grew more and more fascinating for each generation . my own grandfather would tell them been told by his and while many of the were interesting little forgotten and there ' s one told to me as a child i never quite forgot . i ' m going to tell it the way it was told me the way my grandfather was told to him . i don ' t know why my thrice great grandfather told it in the third person . perhaps he to distance himself i don ' t know . i don ' t even know if it ' s true . and i can ' t ask him at least in this life . but it needs to be . so here it is . the first body was not the first . three people had already and been found dead by the time was up from the ground . a cord mark around his throat made clear to the coroner the cause of death and an appeal to was posted on the town hall to bring out justice . only then did the first three get . being that was white and well a member of town council it came as no surprise . two black and a harlot were of less concern . at the funeral a clan of black clad over his body to the chanting of the verse . his casket was with ceremony . when the left parker in the cemetery and the other three . lived on the edge of town in a small sparse house with a small rich garden . strange as it was for a woman to live by herself she had it . it was not for lack of trying on the townsfolk ' s part in the she ' d lived there had had but none had stuck . preferred to live alone . the townsfolk were by this of course the idea of turning down was foreign to them . but she was untaken with such . she without anyone quite knowing what she did yet there was always money not much just enough . often a passer by would remark upon the peculiar from her kitchen window and she would merely smile her a witch and shook their for such were better not said . people were comfortable to keep their distance . as far as they were concerned she was an oddity . when a man went missing from the whitetail inn nobody for two days until a shopkeeper found him dead beneath a pile of dirt in the field beside his store . he had the same cord mark on his throat and no money nor identification in his . the man from the inn who came to identify him said he had under the name but his surname was unremembered and his killer unknown . he was buried in a grave far from the perhaps due to space but also due to a discomfort with the outsider he far closer to the first three than he did to . in the corner of the cemetery away from the town . had been a tall man and according to the coroner had been by someone shorter as he did from the angle of the mark on his neck . the on ' s neck the same . finding someone shorter was easy enough but it down hard . the sheriff ' s men did not know where to start . then was found afloat in the winding river clothes logged with water and face red . he too was marked with a scarlet line . was found in the same spot the next day open throat . and still the coroner made his trying to narrow down height build it was a difficult task to make the buried speak . word got around and people . who could it be who could it be ? one man or more ? why could it be why could it be ? no one was certain . finding a connection between the impossible for there was none that sprang to mind what could two black and a harlot have to do with two well and a visitor from out of town ? this was random erratic and that people afraid . and then went into the sheriff ' s office saying he ' d seen visit parker the day before she and in some distress . was in the garden when the sheriff . he her about and what had been the cause of her distress . parker for what reason he desired to know and he at her confused . is dead miss parker he said . her body was from the river three days ago . oh i know about that she said . her voice was even . i mean why do you want to hear from me ? the sheriff ' s upon which parker said ah bid him wait and went inside the house . leaving the front door open she returned with a jar and said she was here for this upon which she handed it to the sheriff . he took it with confusion . medicine she said as he eyed the contents . a green sludge . medicine ? he . what for ? ' s . ' s . . . gave him a knowing smile . come now sheriff you have a wife . the sheriff turned red . oh that . terribly with menstruation she said . cramping pain . . . she could hardly get out of bed . this the pain . did she come to you regularly ? every other month at least . the stuff ' t last when the jar ' s unsealed in the summer i ' d give her half so she ' d come round more often . she to him . go ahead taste it . it ' s not poisonous . the sheriff the jar and gave a sniff . took it from him . i ' start . she took a scoop . upon seeing her swallow it the sheriff was assured and took his own . what is it ? . she the garden . look if you like . the sheriff did though there was nothing toxic there no bane and spreading from the dirt . but plenty other sprightly rich with scent . inside a gun hung on the wall . the sheriff to look at it . is that your gun ? are commonplace sheriff she said . he gave her a long look . she did not break eye contact . when it he would not speak she said i live alone . what defence would you have me have ? and plenty have apart from me . i . i know why you ' re here . but i am not involved . she at the gun . besides none of them were shot were they ? they were with a cord . how do you know that ? everybody that . the sheriff made his way to the gate . when he was almost there what about the sheriff ? i beg your pardon ma ' am ? willie . . . . . . . the sheriff turned . stood in her garden staring at him . miss parker nobody before . god rest him . three people were already dead . same way ' t it ? ' t it ? the sheriff . how do you you think there ' s a killer on the loose ? why ' t you think that before ? they were good people sheriff . they were my . what you think it ' s not the same person ? they call you a witch . she flatly . they do . there ' s no credence to it ? do you believe in ? i ' t think i did . i think you ' d be a fool to think i was for tonic and . and you ' re no fool . she handed him the jar of ointment . for your wife . the sheriff left with a tip of his hat and an unsettled feeling he could not quite place . and that would have been the end of ' s involvement if two more had not been found . was found with his brains blown out in an alleyway two from the inn . henry was found into a crate not far from town near the riverbank into the beneath a pile of green on his with a thick red line around his neck and on his . now of course this was odd being that the previous were with a thin cord but as the sheriff himself one hand examining the neck and green under the watchful eye of the coroner people try new . and he thought to himself of the gun on ' s wall and the strange in her garden . the appeal for led the sheriff and his men to the surrounding . there was not much to go on . the was notoriously raucous at night so even though there had been they were normal and over so quickly no one who was involved . but one person had a lead . who ran the store opposite the to have no knowledge of or henry but a connection to the harlot found prior to knowing her line of work as he did though purely by observation you understand he had a visitor appear often at the side entrance who would talk to the and sometimes be taken inside and who had been seen on one occasion making a violent scene in the presence of an unidentified man . a visitor who perfectly the description of parker . she was waiting for the sheriff when he . no doubt word had got around and her quick enough to prepare herself . he her with a cautious courtesy and his about the nature of her to the inn . you were aware of her occupation ? he . i was she . and you were . . . she did not finish his sentence . the same ? he said after a while . no . so what were you doing there with ? much the same as . tonic . medicine . people in ' s line of work get if they ' re not careful . or a client or ' t know himself . or maybe she to stop a particular thing well . i have for all of . sometimes they need help they ' re afraid to ask for . why ? you don ' t help them . they bring it on themselves entertaining ! at the ? maybe at the whitetail . these are local men some in your my men would never oh forgive my impudence sheriff but don ' t be a fool . she toward him . you may be a faithful man but fact is half your men are the they need protecting from . i don ' t you want to know about an altercation ? i was myself . another of yours . thought i was going to well . he me to do something i was not eager for and he ' t going to let me decide you do you know what would have if i ' t myself ? that ' s why i ' m there to look out for them you sure as ' t doing it now listen you listen ! sheriff ! if you want me to talk ? i ' talk . at least four at the inn have had your men leave without paying and with arrest when they said something . that ' s extortion . we ' had no and why do you think that is ? perhaps the sheriff knew but ' t want to say . instead he said i ' m wondering if this is a copycat . well that would make sense ' t it . it would . so which am i being accused of ? we have a witness who saw me talking to and i ' told you why . what did you talk about ? she ointment . for menstruation . and did you bring it to her ? i did . the sheriff around . are there any in this garden ? no . and what would it matter she was . the sheriff knelt cast his eye ground level over the garden . innocuous little . an innocuous little woman . he stood . may i see your kitchen miss parker ? perhaps was eager to show her kitchen or perhaps she knew she had no choice . whatever the reason she led him through past the entryway and into the kitchen where a pan gently on the stove and were upon a small wooden table . the sheriff this room and around picked up the about the about the nature of the pan which he was curtly informed was much the same mixture as she had given his wife and please take some more if you ' d like . the sheriff turned over the empty on the table into the full thick with swamp like brew and felt a strange unease . who was this woman who was so shrewd who spoke so boldly to him ? could the be true ? and parker stood with crossed arms in the corner watching him . this is why they call you a witch ? he setting the jar back down . her face was unreadable . it ' s medicine . to help people . but this is why ' t it ? if could be sheriff they ' t think so . there was a moment where he watched her unsure of what to say . will that be all ? i beg your pardon . maybe you ought to look for the killer sheriff before you go calling me a witch . i ' t you as good as did and that ' s as good as doing . the sheriff slowly . good day then . he turned to leave . sheriff . he turned back . it won ' t just be people like . you know that don ' t you ? it ' be all . . and . black folk . there ' be of them and your men will ignore it because they ' t worthy . but you . sheriff ? ' t you a good man ? i believe so . then keep your open . people like that don ' t care who they hurt . there are going to be people missing you ' t even about . how do you know ? made no reply . as he left the house the sheriff caught sight of the gun on the wall and . the sheriff did not say much about his talk with but a customer had tipping him off at the textile store and some had seen him coming back from her house . and yes people they had seen her in the alley outside the inn they had smelled the strange coming from her kitchen they had seen she was strange . of course they knew little but just enough and about the witch and ' t . and people as people do . was dead by . all the breath taken out of her . the coroner said it the finger on her neck her assailant was narrow of hand a fine fingered man or perhaps a woman . nelson who had been at the whitetail inn was found in the alley beside it . the coroner it was the same weapon as the first few the method identical . the third was was one of the sheriff ' s men . martin loper was dragged from the on morning not far from the inn where the went with river soaked clothing and a bullet in his chest . nobody quite knew what he was doing at the . sampling the local night life perhaps . who why the people of turned on parker so quickly . was it the evidence sparse though it was ? was it just that she was strange ? was it the company she kept ? was it the word " witch " on the ' s a jest that may be true hidden in plain sight ? was it her after all ? the sheriff was . surely his men would not do such . they were meant to be upstanding of the community they ' t meant to visit at all though he admitted he ' d turned a blind eye to it before they had though he thought and a man ' t cheat on his wife but if they did visit these surely they would pay them ? he had not taught his men to be they would not beat and threaten any innocent person would not lie or steal or refuse to exchange payment for . he wrung his . he had taught them better . ' t he ? but martin loper had on his and rouge on his collar . gossip spread like poison thread and the sheriff found himself in argument with the mayor . he was told explicitly to bring parker in for . the mayor there was something off about her something strange and look at what had to loper . ' t that proof after the made against the sheriff ' s men ? false of course and being a good old boy himself he ' d know . outside a crowd had to hear the raised from inside the office . it was true then they thought . parker was a murderer and a witch . the sheriff went home that night his deputy ' s body newly in the ground and lay beside his wife with a head full of doubt . she in his arms and what was wrong . he told her in stilted and she and into him which him as it always had done . he was just about to fall asleep when she it worked . ? he said . that ointment you gave me from ? she . i took it . last time i . it the pain . the sheriff lay awake . the next morning deputy mayor green was found in his home with sickly green and a bloated stomach . no choice the sheriff brought in for . despite his wife ' s assertion and his own growing suspicion that perhaps parker was not so guilty as she he the smell of the green as the ointment she had given his wife . he thought of henry . the acrid stink of death tinged it differently but he knew . she with even fury steadfastly the and that her . the mayor was there . he took her roughly by the arm and her up against the body spitting demanding the truth . she fought back . the mayor would have beat her but for fear he and the sheriff her hastily away and sequestered her within his office as he did . parker to sit . she said voice taut i thought we were done . the sheriff away . she a finger to his chest and what right do you have to bring me here ? you know it ' t me ! i had no choice the mayor i have seen what the mayor does . miss parker is it poison on his ? is that why you me ? he something toward her . a white cloth smeared with green the sample taken from the deputy mayor . took it and shook her head . this is not my doing . i make this for menstruation that is all . you ' re saying you ' t give this to him ? if the deputy mayor every month i do not know about it . the sheriff the table in frustration . then how could he have gotten it ? it is not difficult to find if you know the right people . this could easily have been laced . with poison ? yes . it ' s pungent it would mask it . he . can you think of anyone who there is a crowd outside who want my blood . any one of them . any one of your . by the time parker left the office the crowd was thick and angry . they threw one to hit her . the sheriff told them to let her pass she had yet to be that would come later at the trial . the mayor watched her go with hard . witch he under his breath and it spread through the crowd outside until it was a mantra murderer witch murderer witch ! one woman her the sheriff her back and the cacophony until stopped suddenly in her and stood still in the middle of the street . she did not move . there was a moment where the noise continued then person by person it fell away as though her sudden freezing had cast a spell over the crowd . she tense as though all her rage inward it into its form and the people felt this sudden shift they were suddenly nervous aware they may have the witch too far . parker turned around . the look in her could have cracked stone . long after this day every person present would recall the feeling that she had made eye contact with them and only them as though she had into their very soul . she spoke clear and hard . shame . and parker away . the spell was gone . the crowd was uneasy angry and afraid . a few amongst themselves some shuffling took place a searching for a smoothing of ruffled . witch ! someone at her retreating back . but she said nothing in return . that night parker locked her . in town when the streets were quiet a number of people stole from their and made their way in silence down the road toward the edge of town . they took her from her bed . she but there were many of them . they dragged her down the dirt road fighting twenty or so people by rage one with around her throat one pinching together her straining . too far out of town for anyone to hear yet she anyway and and which only to secure her guilt no one would help her even the sheriff ' s men who the next day would lie to him and insist they knew nothing . they her down as she as she spat witch rage and they knew they were right and it was done . they drove the dagger into her heart . she flexed and spasmed it was out in a spray of blood which the ground sank deep into the dirt . the crowd stepped back . the body writhed . her were wide . the crowd away a curse upon them her gaze for they had noted the strange told themselves yes this was a witch this was right one murder tonight and there ' be no more . and anyway was it really a murder ? no . this was justice . this was right . after a while she was still . they went home . silently they unlocked slipped between lay their down . in the morning they would feign ignorance and the town would be safe . no no . parker was dead . the continued . they would continue a long time and stop all of a sudden and while it was certain the original killer was one of many no culprit would be found . in the future when those who had gone out that night each other on the street they would look away refuse to acknowledge each other for in their was sickly blood black hate and fear . they buried her in the corner of the cemetery with and and willie and the sheriff his . and those who had gone out that night turned their away in shame . there is no twist to this tale . the witch will not rise from the earth and exact revenge will not appear wound less and living at her " . there will be no blood upon her from either side of the grave . no by her . no she will make no mark upon the town but for a memory and a bloodstain and a house with a wild garden along a long dirt road . for there was no witch in . just a woman and a warning beat in spite dirt . what this world will do to a woman who . what this world will do to a woman who ' t . it ' s my first night . the constant tingling in my ear the background buzzing or ringing what ' s that ? i ' d it of times during my life when sat quietly at home usually when my wife was in bed . but that ' s all i ' today . even when i " talk ' no sound comes out . my little car . nothing . sure i can drive it and i ' m grateful for that . it just ' t make a sound . this noise of nothing is driving me insane . but i know that ' s silly . because that ' s not the worst bit . this morning i woke up my wife ' t in bed . but she ' t in the office a spare bedroom we had converted so she could work from home during covid or anywhere else at home . very unusual my wife only goes out with me or to pop rarely to a shop or some minor errand during these times . and she should have been in her " office ' . it was . am a a workday . i thought it odd but busied myself getting ready for work . i ' gone deaf . clearly . the water coming out of the tap to run a bath and brush my teeth . i ' t hear it . or the sound of the front door behind me as i to my car . i ' m quite out . i thought about calling sick for work . but actually i was eager almost desperate to get out of the house . i now that no noise sound ringing in my ear was already starting to get to me . i must have thought getting outside would get rid of it and more importantly put a stop to this hopefully temporary loss of hearing . i ' d written a hasty note to my wife then got out of there . i ' t that lucky . the car and drove soundlessly . it took me a minute maybe two to there was more going on than my hearing . there were no bloody . believe me i ' lived in this town most of my life . we ' t a busy city but normally i ' d see plenty of going up or down the road . these were busy . and it was late morning . i smoked cigarette after cigarette as i drove on and on still no of any . or anyone else . i know we might all act differently in such but let ' s face it . . . . . i ' never experienced anything like it . i just carried on . as if on automatic . this was no dream . way too vivid . but at the same time . . . it was all clearly just plain wrong . i rolled up to work . a who employ me as a delivery driver . . no one there . closed . like all the other in that retail park . i cried in my car . for the first time i was afraid . alone . confused . i my phone . i my wife . no reply . i ' d often that i just to be left alone . was that it ? some cosmic jest ? was i dead ? mad ? a dream that was simply more real than any before ? i got back home after a quick detour to see if any of the other or and so on had any of life . . in a flash of desperate inspiration i turned on the . yes ! today ' s news . today . people there on camera about of the day . on rule from government . other that must have been only today . i could see the sub and brought up . there was life out there ! i ' t feel so alone . i tried calling my wife again . no reply . i my mum . my sister . three of my . nothing . . every new failure to find anyone it to the gnawing fear in my head away . i went on the only social media platform i ' used . i went straight to the discussion group i ' m in . i ' quite a few there . we have a great laugh . there are usually quite a few of the around at any time of day . and sure enough they were posting and on a variety of ? i quickly posted up " anyone there ? " anxious and wanting to get a reply any reply as quickly as possible i also on about ten different . then i private several of the folk i with the most " it ' s important . get back to me . " that was around pm . or at least i think . my watch the time on my phone . . . . just not there . on the news channel where the time is just shown in the bottom right corner . just not there . i ' t even seem so . it ' s dark now . i ' cried plenty more . i ' had a few and countless . i ' bitten my right down . i ' but nothing come out . and not one on . i ' m in bed . i ' kept the light on . it ' s really strange . i ' m petrified at the thought of being alone . but i ' m more petrified that there might in this strange new whatever it is situation be something out there . and just as that very thought goes through my mind i hear a noise . it ' s quiet but a noise nonetheless . like the sound of a child going down a slide . " . " i ' m mostly it ' s just my fear my imagination . to be coming from outside far away . i ' m in bed . it ' s my first night . i ' m alone . the ringing in my ear is driving me crazy . i ' m trying to work out why what how . i ' m i ' just wake up tomorrow my wife beside me . i ' m posting here . i don ' t know if you ' see this . when i was fourteen i was curious to do research on demonology and i got into it a lot . i spent most of the day reading on the subject my mother obviously did not like that i was involved in these but she me however she always me " until they scare you you will be calm . " over time i decided to open a that i " my dark world " i what i had discovered in my " research " and like that . little by little the known and several people read what i wrote . i decided to start reading the satanic and after doing so i a rather satirical review on my . then i to receive from this woman her name was and literally in her she me saying that if i ' t delete my she was going to cast a spell on me . i thinking she was just a crazy religious fanatic of satan . the thing is days later weird to happen to me . i had constant i woke up with out of nowhere they the door of my room the were turned on and off and like that like horror . i did not put much mind to the matter but my mother did . she was so concerned that she went to the point of calling a pastor to " purify " our house . so that she did and when the lord for our house she told my mother directly that i had a portal . one morning after my left for work i went to the kitchen to take a headache pill . when i got back to my room i that it was very cold but i assumed it was just the air . i got ready to lie down on my bed again but the moment i got on it i felt very very literally that two my me and threw me aggressively from my bed . i got up very quickly from the floor and i got back on the bed and then stayed in a corner of it with the on top . i was there until noon that my brother came home from work for lunch . i told him and my whole family everything . after that event i made the decision to delete the damn and stop being curious about that kind of thing . i thought that by it would understand that i would no longer be " " her and would stop making my life . not to make a long story in short the ugly got i to really believe in the spiritual and after several " " to our house finally were to normal until they no longer ugly . not play with with paranormal that all this is real and can be very dangerous . for those unaware there s more had been a day or two since the last time that i had seen nil . i and hoped it had been a dream even though i knew in the of my being that it was real . the world around me had come out of joint as though the whole of reality was one half of one of those spot the difference and i had somehow into the wrong one . every shadow drew my eye and every one i half thought i could see moving ever so faintly . when i saw it again i had just stepped into my room and the sight froze me as it had before . beside the window where the moonlight t shine there was a patch of darkness . i could have it if it t so much as i . it was taller this time more elongated as if it had after stooping so long behind the door in the corner of my room . i said nothing . you . i and what it could mean by this in that same layered voice there were multiple . i decided on simplicity . yes . i said . another long pause . i was confused not only by its presence but by the very feeling growing in me that this impossible not thing could mean me no harm . in a moment of bravery i my own question . you ? the pause yet . i my mouth to speak when the darkness . perhaps . a chill ran down my spine and though i knew little if any more than i had before it had i felt assured in this . in a moment i still don t understand i took another step into the room set down the book i had been carrying and sat on the edge of my bed facing the window and it s impossible shadow . who . . . who are you ? it did not answer me . i for what like a long time but there came no reply . are you . . . are you nothing ? no . the interrupting word came in the most confused mix of i had yet . there was frustration confusion panic curiosity disgust and a sense of . . . well what i can only describe as half elation . to my shock the whole of the shadow to shudder and stretch until it was taller still than a moment ago . i did not dare answer . why do you watch me ? wha well . . . like i said . . . i m afraid . . . of what ? he and was before my face again away . i thought i was shaking with fear but at the of my vision i could see this thing before me slightly . i t know if this took effort or if this thing was if that was even possible or if it was angry with me . so i tried to answer simply . of what might be in the dark ! i said softly . or . . . i guess . . . in this case what the dark might be . . . or not b be the word to cause the whole of the shadow to still and shudder at the same time . it was as though somehow it had become perfectly still but it s appearance like when you strike your reflection in a pool of water only that same reaction layered over itself and doubled over . the darkness that spoke did not flicker away but the sense of it was turned from me . i don t know if it was looking inward or just away but i knew it t looking at me . i and took the free moment to compose myself and out . . . um hey are you with an almost audible snap the thing was staring at me again this time with an intensity i t felt before . i was trembling i could feel it but the shadow had grown remarkably still . i t speak . i it whispered and another chill up my body . am . it again rippling and growing still once more . to my amazement when it resolved it was resolved more truly . the blurry were gone by the outline of a slender tall humanlike form . it was still . . . indistinct though . even now i t tell you about or build or . . . . well even saying like tall or slender are sort of . . . i suppose . it t that it was tall so much that it felt in my mind as though it over me . it t so much slender as . . . as impossibly not there . the thing at me the face that was not really in my mind intently on me . for the first time i consciously thought of this shadow not as an it but as a them . a question brought itself immediately to my mind and though i could not speak i mouthed the a tiny sigh of breath filling them with just a shadow of sound . who are you ? after a brief eternal moment they spoke . i am the is not that is . it s voice had . now it t such a disjointed chorus but a layered complex harmony . it still sent up my spine but i immediately found it easier to understand their meaning . so . . . you . . . are no longer nothing . they said head tilting too uncomfortably slowly to the side . i am still the nothing . . . . but now . . . now i am a nothing that . it almost the last word . so . . . how ? i and cocked an eyebrow . how what ? how . . . do you . . . . . . . what ? i blinked and shook my head slightly by the concept . are you . . . are you me how to exist ? they did not answer . they only . um . . . well . . . i guess first you need to just . . . exist . i at them as their head too far to the side . i tried not to shudder . and and then i suppose you need to . . . . . . well you need reference . . . reference ? their head over to the other side which was a relief since it had been nearly upside down before . yeah um i and tried to catch my breath quietly . . . . i mean philosophically only exist when they re . y you know like s cat and . . . i off and suddenly unsure of my as the head to tilt too far again . i must be . . . cat ? i with laughter at that . i t help myself . i froze again as i saw that the head had snapped back into its upright position and they were staring at me intensely . right no not like that . . . it s just . . . you need to impact around you even just visually . which you have . i see you . they to ponder this for a moment and then they . again . ? . . . well . . . i suppose since you re . . . you know since you can think . . . you need an identity . its whole being to pulse suddenly as i said this and i nearly losing balance on the bed . identity . . . how is this done ? when my shut as they were in my moment of fear they further and i . they were from my face again . staring . after a moment longer than i to have how . . . is this . . . done ? i and backed my face away a few . w well i guess . . . i guess you need a name for . . . a . . . name ? yeah . . . a word that you . . . it you apart and . . . only to you . a long pause here . name . . . before i could speak they were above me . i t even looking up . i could just feel it . give us . . . give me . . . a name . . . um . . . well . . . i tried to think half tried not to think about the thing in my room as my kind . all i could think of was a still yawning black void in my mind . i tried to remember that feeling i d had before that this thing t meant me harm . but that was all i could think of . that was what this them was to me . . . empty . void . absence . nothing . zero . . . . . . . . . nil . . . the whisper from my to summon them to my vision again . they were there . staring . and another shudder shook them . nil . it whispered back . another long pause . this is . . . me ? they softly with a tone that as their voice was to resonate within me as of a sort of void yet childlike wonder . it was still and soft and infinite and empty and waiting . i could not answer . i could not answer for the time . they again not at me and i directly at them if directly is even possible around such a being . in the end i simply what i had with . you ? their vision turned slowly to me . . . . . . . . . . . . . yes . . . i am an essential employee during a pandemic . when the virus first came to the united i knew my job was secure but i t realize how much of a toll that job security would take on me . at first it t so bad we were able to teach remotely and everyone was safe . after a long summer though their back at school . even as the infection was spreading they on sending their to brick and mortar . over people were infected at the beginning of the school year . now twelve in we . outside the pandemic our country . inside the school though the days run together into a blur of monotony . it s easy to get careless . i clock in and point the thermometer at my temple . . i always run a little low even lower now that fall is in full swing . i make sure my classroom is set up for my first class the agenda is on the board my bell ringer is on the slide show the and are all . this is the my classroom ever been i scrub and deep clean between classes making sure there is no trace of the last group of before the next group comes in . i sit at my desk and check my . i have of four learning remotely this week . the principal sent another pleading with us to try not to call out . her have gone unanswered so she s getting firm . i will not approve leave for the following days i can t say that i blame her . half a dozen are absent and no substitute teacher is willing to come in . their meager pay t worth the risk of getting infected . the bell . are into the building out of the cold . i have just enough time to grab a cup of coffee from the break room before class . i see two going at it in a corner of the hallway whether they re making out or trying to eat each other s i can t be sure . let deal with it i thought . they re a higher pay grade than i am . i know it irresponsible but i just don t have the energy to police them in the especially not before my coffee . i make it back to my classroom just before first bell . i stand at the door ready to greet my just like i did before all this but now i m looking for . have always sent their to school sick and have always come to school sick . they want the perfect attendance award or they want to see their or their don t trust them not to burn the house down during the day . now more than ever i need to watch out for who don t seem themselves . few meet my as they shuffle into the classroom . i remind a few to pull their up and display their student id . people assume that we have the to keep their safe but we can only do so much . it s hard to get to comply with mask and it s even harder to keep them to observe social it s impossible in the smaller the like mine . they re just always touching each other . we very few at our school but i can t help but wonder how many got sick and just t come back to school without why . i have some on my roster whom i haven t seen in . when i contact guidance they report no answer at home . the tardy bell and i take attendance . three more are missing . i turn on the so that the who are homebound can still see the lesson . we t want anyone to be left behind . before i m finished with attendance i notice a student nodding off at his desk . i better keep an eye on him . i think fatigue is one of the . i m suddenly hyper aware of the coffee mug in my hand . maybe we re all infected . i go about my lesson trying to get a room full of high school interested in the address . it s first period on a but the who are awake seem engaged . even nick the student who was sleeping during attendance to wake up once we get into our class discussion . he to be sneaking food behind his mask . i hate when eat in class but it s just another thing to distract me from teaching . pull your mask up . pull your hood down . stop eating . put the phone away . where s your badge ? pull your mask up i keep teaching he t being disruptive . we make it through almost the entire class without incident before nick s behavior is impossible to ignore . he in his chair his head at an odd angle looking around the classroom with red rimmed . nick are you feeling ? i ask approaching his desk . his gaze snaps to me and he his attention on my face more intently than he the entire school year . you look like you t feeling too well . nick at me but his get in his desk as he the chair over . protocol ! i yell to the rest of the class and they clear a wide space around the student . the who have stayed in school this long are quick on their accustomed to this routine . i press the button for the intercom . front office the voice through the speaker . i need a dean to my classroom please . one of my is sick . right away . fortunately nick t as as he was before he got sick . he over and over as he toward me . his mask below his chin revealing jagged skin caught between his teeth he had off his own during class . as he toward me arms i see the bite mark on his forearm that had been hidden under his hoodie just before . i keep my eye on him and my hand above my sidearm yet another new school supply i had to pay for out of pocket . the situation is under control . the dean will be here any minute . a student in the corner . nick s focus is no longer on me and he s closer to my than he is to me . i don t have any choice i draw my pistol and fire one clean shot through nick s temple . he to the ground within distance of the corner . the to him look away some crying . most of them are used to this by now . this t the first time they seen someone turn from the infection not the first time they seen a teacher make the same choice i did . my collect their and wait silently for the bell to ring . my class is almost never silent . the dean the door to find me up of brain matter with and them into the special red bag included in our classroom cleaning kit . our meet through my face shield . i see you took care of it already . unfortunately i t have much choice . i call the family . does he have his tag on ? this is my third call today yeah you don t need to worry about him getting mixed up down at the nurse s office . hurry up and get him out of here . i need to clean the floor under him before the next class in here . i scrub and deep clean between every class even the without any . i do the best i can to teach my and keep them safe . i am acutely aware that not all of them will graduate . i am an essential employee in a pandemic . i wish i t . it was a beautiful fall morning as we drove through the small and rural dotting nova scotia . we t to the area but we had of some great in the vast around the province and it was the first time our friend group got together for a trip in almost so we to make it a good one . we had driven from the city to go on a trip of us in two . as we drove through the rural countryside the eldest of the group spoke up it s nothing like is it ? we all agreed . it was nothing like for that matter . the nova scotia countryside was . full of personality and culture . as tall over the radio we were growing increasingly excited for the next few nights we d spend in the . was sitting in the back of my crew cab on a and singing along to the radio . i t seen him in such a good mood in . he to be finally getting over his divorce and enjoying himself for once . and i were childhood and after his wife left him we were in the city . we were like . i d seen the man suffer so badly and it was good to see him smile . s was up front with me sleeping with the seat slightly back and sat in the back drinking with . was a skilled hiker and outdoorsman like myself but was not so much . this was only her second or third time in the deep but she really it . soon time for a piss break ? piped up . maybe if you t start drinking before we even hit the highway you t need to piss every . alright it give the a shout and we re over at the next dirt road . i said . i to stretch my anyway . it was a long drive and my back was starting to hurt . we the rest of the group and over . as we off onto a dirt road and piled out of the truck the came in close behind in their jeep wrangler . the swung open and out came mary ann . mary ann and were best . even after all these of knowing them i t believe how beautiful they were . they like two super . was from and we d only met him a couple back but he fit in with us so fast it was like he was always there . how s everyone doing ? said with a large grin across his face . he was what you d call a hippy and always brought a boatload of on our . he lit up a large joint and passing it around . i spoke up we re good man still sleeping in the truck . how are you ? great ! he . great man ! i could tell from the look on his face he d already gotten into the sheet of blotter acid in his . as the i went with to check the dump of the tuck to make sure we had all our . two giant full of food and fire starting gear axes first aid bear spray . it was all there . we around to make sure no one could see us from the road and and i out the two we d taken with us an rifle with about of ammunition and a gauge pump action with about of buckshot . the last time we d been we had a close encounter with a bear and nothing to defend ourselves with so this time we made sure we did . you can never be too safe in the around here . we checked the . we were getting close . only another hour or so and we d be driving into the . then it was a days hike and we d be at our chosen camp ground a decent sized clearing in the next to a lake . we d to stay for a couple of days and hike back out . we had plenty of . the rest of the trip went by pretty fast and before we knew it we were loading up our equipment and walking . we d spent most of the day through the stopping for smoke and once to eat . i checked the and we were getting to our final destination . some of the group in the along the way they like small native odds and hanging from the . this must have been a native hunting ground or something we figured . we left the and where we found them . as we came upon the clearing the sun was just beginning to set . we set up our camp and were for our first night there . we d turned on some music on the battery powered stereo that brought up a barbecue over an open fire and to really get into the . out the sheet of blotter acid and we all took a hit . we spent the rest of the evening and night sitting around the fire listening to music drinking and smoking and laughing like at the the on our brains . little did we know all of the noise we were making something . something none of us had ever seen before . i to my tent with and mary ann while the went to s tent . mary ann and at me and and mary ann said i think i know a way to help you get over that ex wife of yours rich . with a huge grin across her face . came over to me and close we kissing . and mary ann done the same . just as were starting to heat up in the tent we a scream from the other one . it like . the other tent was pegged up closer to the while we pegged up down near the lake about apart . and i hopped up and both of our on the in the corner . we had them both . the other tent was supposed to have one . . we the and told the to stay put and we hastily loaded them while running towards the other tent . we scream again and by the time we got there everyone was outside we all had our on . what s going on ? what s wrong ? i . was in near the tent holding onto for dear life . she was muttering something about an animal in the . we finally to get her to calm down enough to tell us what was wrong . she on i i i got up to pee and when i did there was . . . it was behind the tree and it touched my shoulder ! what was behind the tree said firmly but calmly . i don t know ! she it was tall and bony and it had really long ! it was covered in blood ! i aside man how much acid did you give her ? ! none man said nervously . she t want any . was she asleep before this ? i . yeah i think so said . she must have been or some man here take the shotgun anyway . calm her down and then we it . and mary ann but it t the same . it stopped abruptly . we knew right away something was wrong . a sense of terror washed over all of us . the adrenaline in and and i ran for the tent but when we did it was torn to . when we inside so were the . i felt something sour crawl up from my stomach and into my mouth as i upon the that were lying before us . was still alive and was begging me to help her . the helpless look on her shot through me as i both of her were missing and her were hanging out . mary ann was missing an arm and her head and was almost torn clean in two vertically . i turned and at and all i seen was shock in his . i turned around and . t look away . we for the first aid kit and the rest of the group came running . we sat and s hand as she us not to let her die . who was a registered nurse ran up but once she seen the extent of the wounds her hand shot over her mouth and she the first aid kit . after a moment she collected herself and giving first aid while looking at the rest of us hopelessly . within was gone . to yell through his . . . . ! what the to them ! we all trying to talk over one another in panicked confusion . t said a word . enough ! he and again enough ! everyone went silent . it . . . it like a bear maybe got into the tent . it s probably still around we need to hunker down at the other tent and wait til daylight . it s our only hope . we d been our but we lost service ago . we were cut off . we took the rest of our and ran back to the other tent . as we did we a horrible screeching in the . it almost human . but way too animalistic . too loud and shrill . oh man its a ! out . my grandfather told me about them they eat people in the and it s coming to kill us ! out it s a bear or something man it s not no urban legend ! and if it comes anywhere near us we re shoot it dead ! he snatched the shotgun out of hand and over to light a fire . we be able to see it better if we got lots of light on the . whatever it was it was watching us patiently waiting . we could hear it go back up to the other tent and drag something out . the . the poor . the grew eerily cold and quiet . we sat there around the fire with our trained on the . i had the rifle in my hand fully loaded and had the shotgun . it was moving around us and we could almost catch with our but it was much too fast . snapped as the monster stalked around us growling and . the rest of the crew out the axes and and stayed behind us with all of our to the lake . silence . the silence went on for what felt like eternity . then we it . s voice . help me please ! sam somebody help me ! it t sound natural . it like her but in a way it t . this is impossible we watched her die ! . how is she still alive ? ! he took off for the in the direction of the voice . i t grab him and he our to come back . i m going to get she s still alive ! those were his final . we shone our on him as he went past the tree line and that s when we saw it . a large pale gray creature lunged forward . it had lifeless long mottled black and grey hair and long slender which it dug into s flesh . it must have been tall at least . it s long gnarled teeth as it in s face before tearing into his throat . all we could do was watch on in horror . fell to his as the creature him tearing him to . it like a large humanoid but it to have incredible strength . and i fire as soon as we was dead and there was no saving him . the tore through its flesh but it did not react . instead it s corpse into the as it took off running out loud as it ran breaking off of like . and i both our into the beast and it t even phase it . was crying hysterically . and i as fast as we could . we a horrible crunching sound in the . like a dog eating a ham bone . we all at each other in shock and horror . it must have been getting close to daylight . the creature t seem to like light as it would periodically throughout the night come and watch us screech at us in the but never come close to the fire light . it also fled from our . we all thought that as long as we kept the fire going we would survive until daylight . if the creature fled from sun we would make our escape . that s when it to rain . we throwing onto the fire frantically trying to keep the light alive but the fire grew more and more dull as the rain beat down harder . the creature was closer as the light . it our with incredible speed and came almost within striking range . it was so close could smell it now the smell of rotting flesh . we could see it s black teeth in its rotting mouth the standing out against its gray skin the rotting flesh at the end of its as it at us trying to pull us away . and i fired directly at the monster and it to screech in pain and stumble backwards only to regain its footing and lunge forward again . just as we both our get down ! i over my shoulder and seen him a flare gun . genius . it light . if we stick a flare in its flesh it might just flee . but done even better than that . he fired a bright ball of white phosphorus directly into the screeching mouth . it around horrendously as the flare burned away inside its mouth . it gave and me enough time to reload and begin firing on it again . we were on the last of our ammo now . if it t die we were . loaded another flair and let it fly into the monster . this one stuck into its chest and it fell down . we it with whatever we had left and i fire until we had nothing left while the rest of the group on it with and axes . it let out its last awful squelch as drove a large splitting axe into its head . we back to the camp watching the monster cautiously it may jump back up and charge at any minute . we sat there not saying a word until the sun came up . as the rain and the sun through we immediately left the camp with everything left behind and made for our . by the time we the we were completely exhausted and as the shock we to sob and try to make sense of what had in those . we decided that it would be best if we told everyone a grizzly bear had gotten our . nobody would believe the true story anyway . and during the we vowed to never speak of it again . i don t speak to my old much these days . we mostly went our separate ways after the incident . the only one i did speak to was but he suicide about a year after it with the very same shotgun he his ground with on that dreadful night . and on nights where i can t drink the image out of my mind it comes to me in my . screeching rabidly ready to kill . my and i every summer decide to go on a trip in the forest where we try to unwind from work and life for a couple of days . now every year i and my also get into an argument about taking our on the trip my that we should not because it would not let us really disconnect from everything while i say we should have them in case of an emergency or to get in contact with someone . we and about this but settled on a compromise that we could bring our but they had to be fully powered off and stay in the car . now even though it was not the best idea we could at least have our which i saw as a victory none the least . so we drove to the forest the car in the main area and out a bit to find a place to pitch up our tent . now the first two days we were there nothing off but it was on the third night when we were in for some shock . what it all off with a small thud like something down into the floor . now of course we t freak out too much because this every now and then were some animal made some noise that woke us up . after the small shock we had we decided to try to go back to sleep but not later the loud thud again . i thought that maybe it was a squirrel or a raccoon so through the tent i shoo go away . a soon as i this the sound stopped but it was soon by a much bigger sound of . these become with the of our equipment outside being around . now with it being almost dead night and us being in a very dense forested area my mind went to the only logical conclusion a bear . my and i at each other in awe and shock not knowing what to do we just kind of sat in our fear with this sound getting and . i to my that i was going to peek out to see how close this thing was to us she t seem to respond at all with her being too afraid and just kind of nodding so i stood up a bit to peer through our mesh window and what i saw was not a bear or even an animal but another person . he like he was drunk or out on some kind of drug his hair was matted and he like he may have been homeless with him only beaten up cargo shorts some kind of jacket and boots . he was looking around our and through the cooler and knocking stuff like our and grill down i am guessing he was looking for to take . i was even more when i saw this and i down from the mesh window but right as i did that he must have or seen me because the next thing we know there are more loud that are coming closer to the tent . at this point my adrenaline is through the roof and my is in more fear with these coming closer . i knew there was no way this guy would leave us now with him coming closer and closer to the tent and i knew we t just open the tent and door and confront this guy because if he was trying to take our stuff there was no knowing what he was going to try to get out of us . but then i our car was only to away from us so maybe if we made a break for it we could have a chance of getting away from this guy . now of course i t use the front entrance but fortunately we bought a cheap tent so i decided i would rip the mesh back of the tent and hit it . i at my and mouthed her that we need to get out and run . i pointed to the back of the tent and she so i took one of the that were already in it and torn it wide open as hard as i could . surprisingly it broke open almost opening the whole back of the tent but that t go through my mind and as soon as i could get through the hole i ran . my was right behind me and we down to the parking lot not even daring to look back at all . when we were able to see the parking lot we almost from exhaustion . we went in the car and t even bother to call the police because the guy probably already went away at this point . it was pure silence between us until i said are good for an emergency you know after that we have brought our on every trip with no discussion . i m a . you might have seen me around and generally helping where i can . i been a part of the team for about three and it s been one of the of my life . the team is like family to me . which is why i found the following document so disturbing . to preface this i have a habit of important and with misleading and random so anyone looking for something specific would have a hard time finding it without searching every random file . sometimes i dig through the just to see what i . i m not looking for anything specific during these but exploring what i collected and hidden over the because i kept this filing system for gosh . half my life ? and i don t remember everything i in that time . but that s how i found this one . it s new and it was hidden in a folder monkey soup on my external . monkey soup was further buried in which was hidden in confused potoo which was a folder legitimately filled with of potoo looking very confused . all of these were buried in a master folder which was visible on the directory . so the file tree like this confused potoo monkey soup new other than made the main folder which is legitimately where i kept a lot of hidden content until now and was set up before the creed were made so no it s not a misspelling of i have no memory of setting up any of the rest . even though filling a file confused potoo with of confused is exactly what i would do to sell the ruse to anyone poking around . what i m trying to say is that by all it s entirely believable that i would have set this up and just forgotten done it . however the contents of new is upsetting . both as a moderator and as a human person with . you see i have no memory of ever writing this file . i know i just said i forgotten a lot of the content i hidden over the and can t be to remember all of it but i would have in the that the file . i would have similar training myself . but though the file list me as the author and it s written in a way that does sound like me i don t remember any of the . on the one hand i m grateful for that . like a mercy that if i did experience these i m not cursed with them . but at the same time to think i was present that i and maybe even train the and that i have no memory of that time ? it s terrifying . i feel small and helpless . like what if it again ? i t even know it the one time so is there any possible way i could prevent it from happening again ? the thought of no control over myself is terrifying enough but combining that with what i learned from the file ? it s a wonder i been getting any sleep recently . i this by the other and none of them have any memory of like these either at least none that they re with me . but given how freaky this file and its contents are i if i could share it with the community to see if any of you might have any into what might be going on and u cmd said i could . so here it is copied directly from my computer exactly as i found it . new new added to r moderation team user name r observing and recording new moderator training over the next days . note not everyone who and is accepted will survive . in fact the moderator survival rate is quite low when calculated over a six or nine month period . moderation t easy and there s no escape but that of death once one been . but since the service we provide is necessary for the good of all we open the to new blood when our dwindle . for those who do not survive the process their will be but their will not be . it is the last honor we can offer them anonymity . for those who do survive those who prove to our cause their will be . displayed . . the risk they bear in making themselves known is by the of our sacred duty . but until the are sorted from the and their written in the great record we cannot use their . please provide temporary identification for the incoming below . s . . divine . bishop . grumps . extranormal . comatose . poke begin record below this line arrival the latest batch of just . seven in all this week . i see the uncertainty in their as they file into the loading bay . i get it . no one is ever actually prepared for the of moderation . or the . i know i t prepared when i but that s all behind me now . that person is behind me now . inside me . i m watching the new from the comfort of the central control room swapping between the plethora of hidden throughout the facility . the pace the loading bay clustering against each other beneath harsh fluorescent . they shuffle hesitantly between the they most likely formed over the span of their transport . transport is not kind . we don t collect the ourselves . once the have been selected from the application we the congregate at the facility and the are to us from the back of what to be a common cargo truck . i have noted no significant within its dark interior . the loading bay is relatively small but cavernous . the ceiling is high tall but the are close in . echo even . the loading bay door only when the transport ingress of the . it behind them with a rattling steel door and . it won t open again until new arrive . we leave them in the loading bay to see what they do . pass . there s no clock for them to check . the have been to keep their but those won t help them here . they check them anyway . after a while they seem to grow a little . breaking off from their to explore . when there are no negative to these i watch them treat the loading bay like an escape room . two s . and poke are their for . two bishop and comatose are sweeping the room for useful up whatever they can find and turning them over . they converse across the room their from the echo building a compendium of between them . the three divine extranormal quietly discuss the last they remember trying i would guess to figure out what is going on and why . by the time they near reaching the first helpful conclusion a door cutting them off . u in the doorway . i switch to see them better . they re dressed in a dark blue polo with bright green suspenders . a blue pin with a black head from one of the suspender s . the in the hall glow gently from their exposed scalp and a warm smile from within their beard . it like the have for a more gentle transition today . previously u would be on to guide the because he like a confused homeless person that would definitely own a which generally to immediately scar all that have upon him . papa however is gentle . kind even when their sacred duty . i assume the have papa today specifically to keep the off guard and allow the first of their training to have the impact . i agree with this methodology . papa the . hello everyone and ! you have decided to strap on your and join the fellowship of evil known as . we carefully tracked and screened your every move and your mountain dew intake us . papa to chuckle . wrote the greeting but papa every opportunity they get to say it out loud . the look tense and confused but one to put the together . bishop . wait this is because we applied to be ? yes ! papa . and you been accepted ! if you just follow me i no no bishop . he his to make himself and stalwart . i t sign up for this . i doubt these did either . whatever sick game you have going on here you can count me out . papa but it t reach their the right way . i m afraid that s out of the question . but i can assure you that once you pass training and probation probation extranormal stuffing his in his . he his gaze . bishop s outburst clearly him but he s apparently not yet confident there are no . smart but not the reaction we want . you can t keep us here s . . she s not quite as bold as bishop but she s willing to back him up . i have his tone slightly pleading . if i m not home . please you have to let me go . i have to take care of my . papa s smile . if you just follow me they sweep their arm out the enter the hall behind them . i m not going anywhere bishop folding his arms across his chest . papa . i had hoped it t come to this but you are a strong willed bunch . their smile is almost wistful . sad . maybe a little apologetic . they tap the pin once . i glide across the control room in my chair and flip a couple of on a nearby console . as i glide back to the bank of high . i watch as a pale cloud of blue vapor from high above the . they collectively look up when they hear the hiss of sudden air movement . papa back into the hall and the door . the loading bay is air tight . there s a collective gasp between them before several start banging on the door . s . and divine back toward the center of the room . that will buy them some time but it won t stop the gas from reaching them . poke is the first to collapse . her under the arms and into the center of the loading bay with s . and divine . bishop is heavily covering his face with one arm and finally the off the door . he must realize the door t going to open and they re only wasting the scant clean air they have left . he s clever . his training won t be easy . it t take long for the heavy gas to fill the room . seven slowly fall to the floor piling up on each other as they all eventually succumb . i let the gas linger another few to ensure all of them are legitimately before i glide across the room and flip another series of to clear the gas out and normalize the room s air pressure . when a little green light blinks at me i flip another switch that papa the all clear . when papa the door they re not alone . a parade of hooded enter the loading bay . each an old litter behind it . with strange wordless each of them to one of the and them to the litter . they rise when finished and wait for the . then one by one dragging the sleeping potential behind them they leave . i switch to watch them drag the down long empty . every so often a hooded figure will peel off from the group down an hall and disappear . i a few on the keyboard in front of me and as the hooded the tracked them so i could note where each potential was taken . for the sake of organization i keep on the . i m the record of potential bishop because i believe his experience exposed a minor flaw in our system . if you could evaluate this at your convenience i d appreciate it . is this something we need to worry about ? begin record bishop the hooded figure the cell with bishop behind it . it him from the litter and him in the bed provided before leaving . it a heavy steel door behind it . i don t bother watching it on the once it s out of the room . i glide to the other console to flip some . a pale white gas into the room from a ceiling vent in the center of the room . i leave it on for only a few . the stimulant t need long to work . and sure enough within a few bishop . he groggy but comes to his faster than the who get similar piped in . as soon as he lucid he shouting and beating on the door . only i can hear him though . even if someone were in the hallway beyond the room is soundproof and the door thick steel and tempered glass . when he the futility of shouting he the room . pressing his into even the to see if there s any give . he the adjacent bathroom for . he won t find any though . each of the is carefully to ensure the can t hurt themselves or escape . the are high the furniture immovable . they can t climb or stack anything to reach the ceiling and if they could they d find flush and no or to exploit . but he . and i let him . i wait until he s exhausted his first and taken a seat on the bed to stare out at the room . he the look of someone considering his . i need him to begin to understand that the room is secure and escape is impossible . his are better spent elsewhere . i tap a series of . an overlay up on one of my and i choose a series of complicated i would record the here but i only know them when i see them . they defy memory if i m not currently them . when the pop up blinks away i watch a cluster of four all of which give me of bishop in his room . he around in confusion as he the first of our chant being in the room . once he to realize the chant is he simply . at least until the floor out . a black void beneath his dangling cold and uncaring . the in the room all remain stationary but a breeze up from the abyss whipping his hair and clothes about him him toward the edge of the bed . his first test . i push a couple on the console in front of me and the chanting in volume . bishop his onto the bed and with his back against the wall one hand against it to steady him . he up at the ceiling as if he can see where the chanting is coming from . i wonder if he can . he t be able to but his gaze is not far off . i can t hear him over the chanting but it like he s chanting something of his own . he something in his hand . i can t tell what it is . none of the offer a good view . but whatever it is he s used it to slice open his palm . i immediately flip the cover on a large red button and activate the emergency alarm . red cycle through the hall outside his cell . the void inside his cell . he back shouting i still can t make out . he s taken the blood from his palm and drawn a complex symbol on the wall . i can t properly see them regardless of camera angle but what i can see me that they t familiar . i would recognize them if they were simple or magi or or ogham . the slide and shift and defy identification . i try to write them down but when i look at my note pad all i see are meaningless . the send a strange tingle down my spine . i feel like prey . i haven t felt this way since my own training . i m supposed to be immune to such now . where are the emergency ? they should have his cell by now . i watch in rapt and increasing horror as what to be hair slowly the room . it out of the bathroom . two camera suggest the sink toilet and shower provide ingress . but it also out from the bed frame the of each wall join shadowy all over the room . tiny of silver race along the . a closer camera angle them to be metallic widow . they congregate on bishop crawling over his body in his and nose over his past his . the hair . wrapping around him tangling him up . filling his mouth until his jaw must have blocking his own chanting from with the void s howl and the recording of our own . where the hell are the emergency ? ! the hair a bit bishop s body in different . cutting him . twisting him . ripping him apart . i shut off the void but the hair t finished . he s torn limb from limb . i have a front row seat and several camera to choose from to watch of hair soaked with his blood covered in silver shred what used to be a man . and then he s gone . and i don t mean he s dead . i mean that as the hair completely he t exist in the room . no body . no blood . no gore . just an unmade bed . even the on the wall have . the emergency finally arrive at his cell . i be writing up a report on their response time later . they find nothing of note . except what he used to slice his hand . a few of pure black hair . too sharp to safely handle . the emergency response team to collect the in a special container i assume it s special because it t immediately fall apart when they get the hair inside . i think they must be taking the hair to be somewhere below . i draw up the file where i the temporary of the and strike his name from the list . i don t know what the just but i know we can t let it happen again . i only hope the t so industrious in to their . end of record bishop u u u and u have shown the potential for greatness and the of training . as for the their blood the compact . r been re consecrated and those who read will keep the of our eternal m a s t e r keen that for another year it does not sleep . and we fulfill our purpose . every action toward the maintenance of our patron . every removal . every approval . every review . every . every comment seen . all contribute equally toward our sacred goal . no fear . no sleep . follow up u u u training and probation on but did not survive the of moderation . their will not be forgotten . as it always been it shall remain . no fear . no sleep . h i c o m n e v e r u m e t i a m s i s u u s n o n . i am not alone . nan xb i don t have a first memory of the road . it s not weird . she starting life is a lot like starting a dream it just into existence . sure there s the occasional memory that out like a black cow but you can t really tell whether it s older or younger than the white life just on starting till one day you give the windshield a good wash and realize you made it . you re alive . but i do remember the first time i met him . it was sometime after my sixth birthday not sure how long but long enough for the green balloon my had bought me to sag in the back seat . i was staring at it through the window of our dodge wondering whether or not one of the gas station men as i them at the time gas station if they were might have some spare helium to pump it back up . and chandler had off to the bathroom and dad had gone to see what semi nutritious food they could scrummage from the gas station produce shelf and i d been left alone with the responsibility of filling up the van with gas . or the gas nozzle . thinking back on it they d probably just a few alone and leaving me with a pseudo job was the easiest way . it was probably hard to be alone when you spent plus in the car per day . with your family . it was the click of the nozzle that caught my attention the subtle yet familiar metallic tap that the car ' s full bladder . i unstuck my nose from the dusty car window and at the filling station screen . . . this sale . . full . they re out driver license younger and younger . it t a voice i d before but at the age of six i d gotten used to that . spending so much of my life on the road meant hearing a lot of i t recognize . a black man against one of the gas station support just past our filling station . he and used his oil to smooth out his oil jeans . i m only six i said seriously . dad i know how to read all the before he let me drive . only six ? not six and a half ? not six and three quarters ? i considered . seriously . six and and little more . well . six and a little more you must be nearly grown up if you re filling up the car all by yourself . your must trust you . i puffed my chest and . they let me do it by myself all the time cause i m extra smart for my age . sometimes they let me look through the inside all by myself and once they let me buy some of the inside with real money that they gave me and everything . my watched the man carefully and when he to look only mildly from all of these great i added and i can take the thingy out too . as if to explain exactly what thingy meant to this strange new friend i the nozzle and the silver lever several times to try and unlock the never locked nozzle incidentally i never had removed the thingy before but he t need to know that . broken huh ? the man the space between us with one great step and removed it easily with his own dark skinned . bad those ' t they ? sometimes they just don t want to work . not sure how to respond to this i red faced . from the removed nozzle beaded a single drop which he caught with his finger the moment before it fell . under the shade of the gas roof he the liquid the familiar deep satisfying purple of gasoline at least the gasoline that my family always used and then he did something that made even a six and a little bit more year old pause . he it to his and . i . and do you want a car like this when you re an adult ? he . i continued to stare . you could have any car you want big little red green would you like a green car ? it would blend in with the hide you from the . what do you say green ? he our dirty white dodge . how did this man know about the ? again i t answer . suddenly very aware of how alone i really was . suddenly aware of how unfamiliar this man s voice struck me . it t the life for everybody the road he said fairly and the nozzle back into the station with a metal tink . no i understand . some leave in the end . some buy proper and that s all right but if i m completely honest i really would prefer if you t . you ' d be a good driver you know that ? you really would . this time i took a step back . i t tell you my name . no he agreed then before i had time to resist his firm hand on my shoulder and close to my ear to speak in a whisper . between you and i some advice they say every road will eventually connect but they are wrong . there are some that were never meant to be found . without waiting for my response he once again away friendly and away towards the gas station . the last and only time i ever saw him . it was not until several later when my returned and about a spot on the car i what had when the man had it in stark contrast to the rusty white paint was a drop of fresh green . it was not until many later perhaps even that i the second odd thing about the memory a detail so slight i ' t even considered it at the time . though the man had been in the stall next to mine we had been alone there . there ' d been no other car . it had been such a long day so tired so busy . i woke up very early in the morning to leave the house and throughout a lot of i was fixing some business for the university . and more receipts plus a that honestly ' t make sense to me . i also had to go to the bank and even went to the mall to buy some clothes . the fact is that by the time i was finally going to go home it was already approximately in the afternoon with this the sky had turned cloudy with countless black crossing my view and a rain coming . just as i thought of water to fall smoothly and slowly then within as i was on my way to the bus stop those soft of water rapidly until a heavy rain came to stay . at this point i was running with my clothes and my trying to escape the rain and get to the bus stop as soon as possible . i ' t help getting soaked and by the time i got to the bus stop i that there were two other people waiting i sat in the chair next to them to wait for my route to arrive . there i was finally able to take refuge from the deluge besides that i made myself as comfortable as possible i my along with my to put them on the floor under my then i back on the back of the chair . damn i was so tired so sleepy and also so relieved to finally be able to rest my aching body somewhere that without realizing it little by little i fell asleep right there while only the incessant sound of the my . of water the ground and . i was cold from my wet clothes but that ' t matter to me all i to do was just take a little break . xb i ' m sure that upon entering the dream world i had a dream i with the unreal environment of my sleepy mind but as it usually to me i ' t remember anything from this dream by the time i my and my consciousness woke up . at first it was calm i my heavy then blinked in relief . the tranquility i felt exponentially dissipated . all i saw was a city my outing clothes and the structure of the little place i was in the bus stop . it was no longer it was daylight and i was alone there . " it can ' t be possible " was the first thing i thought when i was fully conscious what i did before falling asleep and realizing that my route had already gone with the two people who were with me . i cursed them for not waking me up and cursed myself for making the mistake of falling asleep . however none of that because then that i was around me were missing and me . i got up from the chair at the bus stop and everything . i don ' t know if you ' ever had a dream where you feel and perceive that the sky is much closer to you closer to the ground those in which the sky to be so low that if you go to the roof of a building tall enough you can get to touch the . that was precisely what i felt i felt with my body trembling like when you are afraid of and you are somewhere very high . i to walk more and that my were heavy . the sky by the way was a pink hue with white and slightly orange . i was extremely confused and came to think that it was all about me still sleeping . i decided to check the time on my cell phone but it ' t turn on which me even more . i did not know how long i had been asleep there so a fact that at first i let pass but now it was very evident is that i could not hear or feel the presence of any human being nearby . i felt really alone even though i that before the city was flooded with people coming and going to there and to here . the and of the surrounding busy crowd were already gone . i kept walking and walking looking in all and in fact at some point i screaming out in the open for someone but like i said before it like i was totally alone in the world . at this point i was not only confused but also and somewhat desperate but i tried to stay calm nothing should be real . the were empty too and they also to be made of a strange material . a material that was somewhat soft to the touch and also had a very smell of human skin or so i thought when the smell to reach my . i also that the asphalt on the streets had sticking out and to tell the truth it also to be made of rare material . was he on another planet ? i came to think with my head spinning while a feeling of anguish grew inside me this time very fast . it ' t until i had traveled through the vast desert city for what like thirty that i another bus stop and to my tremendous surprise i saw a person a woman asleep on the seat . feeling indescribable relief to know i was not alone i ran heavily towards the woman to reach out and wake her up . i her on the shoulder several times spoke to her erratically and then the woman woke up she as as i was when i woke up . perhaps i the situation as i her with a lot of and strange to her . hurry up get up we have to get out of here . do you know where we are ? did you fall asleep at a bus stop and made it here ? this is bad it that we are trapped in an unknown place but i do not know anything either . . . and more verbiage that honestly took her out of patience so she seeing me as crazy got up from the place and away . however as she to the city she the strange panorama of it all . the woman was young i think she was my age a like me who is nineteen old . immediately the woman in all totally . the sky the and the empty streets the strange aspect of it all . it was clear that her fear was growing . xb the first thing he did was bombard me with a million but i was ignorant i ' t even know what to answer . she was upset with me or so it it ' s like she thought i ' t want to clarify her on purpose . i and told him that as soon as possible we should find a way out of that place and then it was that we came up with the most logical thing that could help us wait at a bus stop for a route to pass to see if it would take us to the or sleeping at a bus stop as we had done to get to where we were . we for everything she to do it but i told her that we should not move away from the bus stop after all we were going to try to sleep there again even so she kept walking and screaming for help or a sign of life nearby . during the walk we told each other our and although that was not very important in that case . i am and i am nineteen old her name was stella and she was old turning out to be older than me . we also came up with countless and about the world we were in and how to get out of it . i was definitely calmer and she on the contrary had her mind as as i had long ago . we decided then to return to a bus stop and when we how we were going to reconcile the dream as soon as we it stella that she surely had some in her bag which her with her sleeping . she still had her bag not like me who in my complete confusion i left my of clothes and to their fate . she carefully her bag and our almost filled with of great relief to see that she did have her . at least now it that all was not very lost . but then we felt something we felt very small but insistent on the ground . we saw each other and it was then that we something approaching from afar . we turned our avid to the surrounding only to appreciate something that finally confirmed that this place could be much worse than we . of as alien as the same world we were in were approaching us with monstrous speed . these walking were almost ten tall and on six bald beige that chicken like crooked human that ended in a very thin tip . their were like those of two that unlike the were covered with rough very dark brown fur . but undoubtedly the most horrible thing was their big sand colored with lots of very deep . our hearts a beat at the sight of such an unreal scene . for my part i ran out yelling at stella to leave once and for all but she was . i stopped and took her hand so that we could both start a long suffering race against those disgusting . xb all our were in vain and our terror to extreme when we that several of those were already reaching us . one of these one of its which was wrapped around an arm of stella which to be . she very loudly and i tried to pull her to me but inevitably she let go of me that creature had enormous strength . i was thrown to the ground and then i how stella ' s bag fell off . i got up to go for my friend but among her of terror i could only distinguish how the creature that had her was out more of her to put them in stella ' s mouth as deep as possible just to remove her and leaving the skin empty as a shell . right there i felt my heart break and my head get dizzy but i ' t let myself be overcome by the intense horror and revulsion that at one point almost made me vomit . staggering i thought about going to stella ' s bag to get her but those were also very close to me now however i had some luck since those who were to me stayed with my friend doing i don ' t know what to her skin . i took advantage of that to run as fast as my would allow me . i was so that the only thought running through my mind was this must all be a dream . better a very nightmare and when i finally got to the nearest bus stop with nothing else that to me in the instant is that i my head against the edge of a metal wall of the structure with all my might until i bleed . then very dizzy and dazed i knelt on the ground and hit my head this time against the ground until the completely screwed me up and i fell semi unconscious right there . the last thing i remember is that my sight was made a reddish color by all the blood that came out of my skull and how one of these took me with one of its ugly to lift me up . finally by a miracle that i still appreciate today i woke up safe and sound but in a hospital bed with my head and on . some people in my dimension they saw my body lying at the bus stop covered in blood so they the emergency room to take me away . and now she was finally out of that damn world . i feel bad for stella especially her horrid death but more than anything i ' m too glad i got out of the place i was before something bad to me . at the end of the day i have that these horrible take the skin of the who fall in their strange dimension to use them as material on the of or as material for the floor perhaps for many more that i sincerely do not want to imagine . xb i fell asleep at the bus stop and i will never ever do it again . i know it ' s weird to get this out of the blue but please don ' t ignore what i ' m going to say . if you ' re reading this then you may have just been tagged in a post with a weird picture . if you haven ' t then just delete and ignore this message . otherwise you might be out by this picture but please don ' t report it . if you need to know more then keep reading . even if you just ignore me that ' s fine but please just don ' t report that picture . if you ' re still reading hi . i ' m going to try and tell you why you ' t report that picture . it ' s hard to understand without context so i ' m going to start from the beginning . i was part of the " moderation " team for a social media company . i can ' t tell you which one but if you were to guess you ' d probably be correct . i ' d spend my days at a computer reading the from like you who have seen something upsetting and it taken down . i have to see and threatening people of every type of imaginable and of every conspiracy theory out there . i don ' t get to see the good of the only the stuff people report . if that like a hell job to you you ' re not wrong . it . the pay . the only good thing is the rest of the team who have to go through the same awful as me every day . we ' re not supposed to discuss that we see on the job but we ' re only human . if we see something funny or disgusting in a new way we have to share it . it ' s the only thing that the job bearable . a couple of ago one of my me something really wild . it was a picture of a suicide . a hanging . it ' s funny in a dark way . i ' seen and and people being hit by and even torn alive by but i ' never seen a suicide hanging . i ' seen it in media enough times but never in a picture . i won ' t bother the picture to you you already know what it like . it ' s similar to the image you ' been tagged in . same rope same lack of lighting same chest height angle . except for the person that might be different . when i first saw the photo it was of a guy in his s maybe s . the look on his face of shock and disappointment that was the same . that and the scar on the chest . the " k " . yes it ' s a " k " . i wasted my lunch about this the day we were shown in . about half of us though it was a " k " the an " x " . one guy though it was an " h " but i think he was just for the sake of it . i remember taking the phone with the picture on it and in tracing the scar from his shoulder to his hip on one side then doing the same on the other side exaggerating the bent line showing the arms of the " k " . i ' m sorry but i have no idea what the " k " for . we came up with a lot me and the rest of the team . demon serial killer creepy all the usual . a couple of us tried looking in the news to see about with self harm but ' t find anything . the only piece of information we really had was the account itself . it ' s not the same as the account that tagged you . that account was blocked straight away . it like a throw away account all the were random gibberish the address was obviously fake and the only thing on the account was the picture . it had been posted on their over different times each time with a different account tagged . t the guy who had seen it first i don ' t want to give his real name away for obvious had already gone through a couple of the to see if they had anything in common but they was nothing . different different different and even different activity nothing . they were purely random . so the account got taken down and we spent the day theory what the heck it was about . i know it must sound so up but after a day of to go through depressing it was nice to have something that was just weird that i could think about instead . i ' t of it it was just something strange to think about . it actually made me leave my job feeling a little bit happy that day . that feeling did not stick around the following day . i logged into my computer and going through . i ' t long into my shift when i saw the picture again . i had just finished blocking a user for and was feeling pretty off when this picture up . at first i thought that t ' t blocked them properly but then i into the account and it was different . a different fake and different people being tagged . i t over to check i to make see if there was a similarity in the used . when t at my screen his face went pale . " is this a joke ? " i at him confused . " no i got the same image . obviously the block ' t wo " " it ' s not the same image . " t pointed to the face . " see ? look . that older in his s at least . " i . t was right this guy similar but he was definitely not the same person . i took out my phone and brought the picture up from our group chat the original one from the day before . with both i could see the like some of the in the background and the body shape being slightly different . but the angle the rope it was the same . you probably worked that out by now but when i first saw it it chilled me to the bone . by now t was already going back to his computer . i went with him him with about what this meant but he me . i watched as he logged in and a history of the he had worked on scanning through until he found the original report and it . i was confused at first i already had the picture so he ' t need to open it again to see it . then i he ' t looking at the picture or the account . he was looking for the account that had made the report . i ' m sure you can see where this is going . at the top of the account the most recent message was a post . i ' it to keep the identity anonymous . " hello everyone . this is daughter . i ' m sorry to tell you that my dad lost his battle with depression last night and is now no longer with us . even though he leaves us behind we will always love him . please don ' t ask us for we will let you know when the funeral is . anyone who to help please get in contact with my . " so yeah . he this picture and now he was dead . i understood why t was so now . " what do we do ? " i . t unsure . " we should tell someone ? " i was going to ask who but before i could another worker came in . " hey t ? i ' just seen a picture like that one from yesterday . " in total there were three that day . they all the same account which was blocked as quick as we could . we informed management and they said they would contact the police but ' t do anything else . the following day there were seventeen . they were three different which each had a different person in an eerily similar picture . same scar same angle same method of death . apart from that they were as different as they could be one young woman and two men of different . they lived in completely different which the theory i had been clinging to about some sort of serial killer completely out of the water . this was something completely different something that explanation . again we told management but it felt like it accomplished nothing . the following day thirty nine for seventeen . the next day ninety eight for thirty nine . every time i saw a new face i felt sick . i saw old who like they could barely stand unaided up in the air by rope their open with that awful " k " scar that i about with my . i saw people from every country that i ' t even begin to try and pronounce in i ' t even find on a globe taken at that exact angle . i saving the of those who in a little and at the start of the day i ' d check up on them . sometimes there was a post from a family member but most times the account just stopped posting anything and would never post anything again . two hundred six hundred . the kept rising every day . we tried working out why there ' t anything about it in the news and as far as i can tell because the people doing it were completely random there was no way of them so apart from a strange suicide there was nothing to report . one and a half thousand . each number is scarred into my mind . over the next week the number of times i would see that picture rose gathering momentum . by the start of the week i had seen it once in my shift and by the end it was in every other report . i actually to pray that i would see the racist and abusive again just so i ' t have to see the picture . the whole team was shaken by this about half of us had stopped coming in out of shock unable to process what was happening . i had stopped keeping track of the it too much . eventually management finally did something . they the entire team into the meeting and they made us all sign an to ensure that we ' t report what was happening or blow the whistle on them . they had a substantial " emergency bonus " that meant pretty much all of us could quit as long as we all . we what the hell was going on but they just used a bunch of business lingo and psychology saying something about a level psychosis that an increase in depressive . it like a bunch of to me but i . we what would happen about the picture . they told us that they had a solution some sort of machine learning algorithm that would automatically block the image before it was posted and tagged . a couple of us had our but we had an opportunity to not think about it to leave this job . we took it . the job never left me though . the bonus was good enough that i never have to work again so instead i spend my days and most of my night on the same stupid social media that i left behind searching through account after account for that picture . i ' written this whole thing out and i ' m ready to send it to those who need to hear it straight away . i don ' t have access to the before but i was able to get access to the social media account through an old friend at the company so i can see the new that are being . if you ' read through this it that you ' re unlucky enough to have been targeted by some killer demon thing but you were lucky enough to be found by me first . at least i hope i found you first . if i have then like i said just don ' t report that picture . i don ' t want to say let someone else do it i don ' t want anyone to do it but i can ' t control everyone . please just don ' t do it . there ' s a chance that i was too slow sending you the message that you ' already the picture in which case i don ' t know try tying yourself down or something . i have no idea how this thing works if it ' s something that comes in and you or you or your brain chemistry or some other but you need to get yourself or or something . i ' m sorry that i ' t able to help you fast enough . when i was my family into a very small house on the of an equally small town . now this was before the was around and well before cell were prominent so to say i was more often than not is an understatement . after living there for a few i learning my way around by walking down a long since abandoned railroad line . nothing of the save for some railroad and some occasional but the line went on as far as the eye could see so i often ended up there with making trouble as are wont to do . on one particular occasion three of us had farther than usual and despite it being around dusk we decided to press on . we ended up walking into a clearing that sat adjacent to another main road from town but as we went further into the grassy area we to see . at first we were daring one another to walk into the cemetery all of us too to walk in and equally too to admit it but we eventually in and it ended up being quite interesting reading the . some of them had during the civil war and more than a few even before that . it was getting late though so we headed back the way we came and headed home . i took care of the evening and had dinner same as any other night then went to bed around pm . that night i was a lot of trouble getting to sleep . i distinctly remember looking over at my alarm clock and being to learn it was am . that s when i it the first time . it like the of a porch swing mixed with the sound of a rocking chair on a hardwood floor . i lay there fully awake by this point slowly the over my too afraid to open them . laying in the quiet calm of the night with only the sound of and the painfully obvious beating of my heart i to notice the labored breathing of someone in the room with me . i thought maybe it was one of my coming to check on me so i slowly the down and there at the foot of my bed was a rocking chair and in it sat a very old woman . the in her face were well defined in the moonlight shining through my bedroom window a ghostly glow to trace the outline of her frame . best not pretend no more child i know you re awake . she said in a raspy voice . i quickly covered my face and my pillow over my head this was all a dream and it would soon be over . i sat as still as i possibly could in absolute terror and then as sure as you re reading this i a wooden thud and then a drag then a pause another thud and drag and then again . what felt like a lifetime but could only have been went by and i felt a presence standing over me then the weight of someone sitting on my bed next to me . my heart was threatening to beat out of my chest and i was squeezing my tightly shut almost painfully so . i felt a hand touch my shoulder cold and icy like someone was holding an ice cube to my skin . that s when i to scream . before i could realize it my bedroom light was on and my were my off of me . i tried telling them what had but to this day they say it was all a dream . i never saw the old woman again but i did hear the sound of the rocking chair for a few after that . when we out of that house everything stopped but even at my age i still don t chance driving down the road we lived on just in case something comes home with me . it s me . doctor . your friendly . . . this . excuse my outburst but is there any point ? you know who i am and you know why we re here . let s skip the small talk . you got me . i been keeping a pretty big secret from you and although many of you had your you need to know that i t confirm them . and more importantly why i t confirm them . i t want you to think of her that way . another spectacle to fawn over like the rest of my . a creature of social and scientific interest with no real depth beyond pure fascination . really it comes down to a rather simplistic issue . i t want you to see her as a monster . not her . not my coco . when violently and brutally at the of the beast of hill for a moment the world stood still . the crimson blood across the floor of the dirty wooden shack was the only macabre colour in a scene of pure grey . that moment felt hopeless . desperate . like it was never going to end . the only sound i could hear was pearl s . my daughter calling out for me begging me in her own unintelligible way to come to her . and i t . i froze . fight or flight . they re the two human to stressful that are often as if they re the only . no one about freeze . in that moment that excruciatingly extended moment stuck to the ground i felt like the most worthless mother alive . coco s reaction t fit any of those painfully human . her reaction t simply to fight it was so much more than that . her reaction came with more humanity than many of us can ever hope to muster . no fight flight or freeze . only protect . the beast up in sheer terror at coco s enormous shadowed form . she d become a mass of infinite blackness of darkness forming an ethereal incarnation of her distinctive . i up at her too but not with a look of terror . from me it was a look of awe and admiration . she just as she did when we first met terrifying and lovely . what are you ? ! the beast out genuine fear etching itself across his previously murderous face . i . the power dynamic had taken a dramatic turn . the beast behind the corpse of the boy who s heart he d out . suddenly the blood that coated the monster t so sinister . suddenly the giant man so small . she s your worst nightmare . i flippantly feeling the smug grin that i was struggling to conceal as i peeled my left foot from the ground making a break for pearl . i hold of my baby turning my back to the rotting wall and her beautiful little face to my chest . her my skin through my clothes but i t care . she d already watched die she t need to witness any more death . the darkness that the shack felt warm and inviting the opposite of what you might expect given the . it took me back to university to the night that i d up to that same darkness and to my neurotic roommate in her bed . i shut my and the moment coco and i family . was a drip of a girl she had a nervous disposition and was of everything . i had originally been disappointed when i was assigned to room with her certain that i would be to a mundane existence . little did i know that would give me the gift i could hoped for at the time until i met finch later . our first night together in the dorm i woke to that darkness to the enormous shadowed figure towering over the bed opposite mine . ignorant of the that walk among us i felt the same fear that did even if only for a moment . what s happening ? i to no avail the room silent and just like in the beast s shack i frozen . the monster t attack she just an ethereal in the corner of the small dorm room . despite her deep black in place of i could sense the pain that the monster felt . that coco felt . i can t explain my reaction or why i felt such a deep sympathy for the shadow i d never met . i often wonder if it was the sole reason i was for paranormal . perhaps even the reason that i am who i am today . i t scream or run . i froze . i just sat on my bed watching the shadow in awe . t answer my question not until the next day . she was catatonic at the time mentally tortured by her fear of the creature that her every night . i came to learn that coco had originally been a creation of s vivid imagination a friend . as a child she had been someone that my roommate leant on a wonderful made up person who provided a playmate a sister and a confidant for her creator . in all my working with and the unexplainable i have never come across another like coco . a creature that was willed into being by human determination and loneliness . as grew older so did coco . her concerned that their daughter was living in a fantasy land with an imaginary friend that had long her welcome . out of concern they with their daughter to say she would never live a normal life if she continued to talk about coco . eventually after enough ribbing and to agree with them she told coco that it was time to go and that she to move on . she t that she had something entirely sentient that any control she had was gone . lost and confused coco stayed by her friend s side desperate to rekindle the relationship and without anywhere else to go . felt the loss of control and one night during a particularly terrifying nightmare about her unshakeable friend the shadow was born . coco had gone from an innocuous plaything to a nightmare still bound by s imagination despite the autonomy she had already . every night without fail the shadow would appear forged by s fear . coco was trapped eventually no longer able to appear as the friendly entity that she so badly to be . my roommate had stopped her problem with anyone . her put her through of mental health treatment therapy and to address the night but none of it worked . in truth i believe they wrote her off as a disturbed individual her off to university to avoid the issue . i d never in fate before it was a concept that i found quite insulting given my own unfortunate . my mind during my conversation with . she up to me grateful that someone finally her and saw what she was facing . most poignantly she my life with a single sentence . you re the only person who s ever been able to see her . on our second night together i stayed awake waiting for the shadow to appear . i watched shake in the corner as the thick darkness over every surface at her hair and sobbing . and i watched as the shadow too . you t see it t fall through the darkness . but i felt an instant connection to the a visceral version of her pain . the initial fear of the sighting was gone and her story i so badly to see the person that coco was supposed to be . it s nice to meet you . . . coco . my name is . i in a moment of sheer curiosity not any kind of response from the shadow . i wish i could offer a solid explanation as to what next but i just can t . as i sat and willed the creature heart heavy with intense empathy like i d never felt before she to shrink . it was a perfect reverse of the situation that was currently unfolding in the shack . the darkness crept down each wall of our dorm and on in disbelief . within sat on the edge of my bed was a beautiful young girl around my age with long dark that down her back deep brown and a smile warmer than i d ever seen . hello . do you want to be ? she in the same peppy tone i come to treasure . i barely my roommate frozen with shock on her own bed . i t see anything but coco . i do . . . but you have to say . i nodding in the direction of the girl . coco tearfully stood and towards her planting a gentle kiss on her forehead before me . as i said i wish i could offer a solid explanation . i m a scientist after all a doctor . but i can t . i only have one simple theory as to why i was able to free her from the shadow she never to be . coco and i are . her tie to was broken and her life finally with mine . i saw her for the person she was and miraculously so did . for the first time since her inception coco was visible . . . whole . whatever curse s had on her was broken and from day one we were inseparable . fled the university both and relieved ready to start fresh at home . we never kept in touch but i do hope that she found some peace . i only ever saw the shadow a few more times once when a boy on my course to spike my drink and again when i was by a patient two after opening the practice . neither . and of course in the shack with the beast . as i my baby i watched as coco raised a shadowed arm of darkness making up at the slowly it down towards the beast with speed and intensity . please he but she t give him a chance . three deep wounds across his face neck and body as she tore through his clothing . in he was to the ground whimpering in more pain than he had been when i his dental work without anaesthesia . i in his misery still heartbroken by the sight of s corpse . i pearl tightly knowing that with us she would always be safe . coco me a look with her voided and she down to the monster who laid on the floor . his own method of murder she forced a dark clawed hand into his chest and around searching for a heart i t convinced was there . instead she at his tearing the muscle apart and dragging them out of the opening she . just before she tore the red raw in two the beast faced me and left me with one final foreboding warning rasping as he on the dirty ground . she never be yours . i haunt you forever . it fast . the whimpering stopped and the darkness fell . soon all that were two one belonging to the beast and the other belonging to . the shadow was by coco . bright and beautiful as always she warmly at me just as she had that night in the dorm room . thank you . i her in close and we stood amongst the blood and for just a short moment a family embrace . i felt the hole in our unit left behind by by his loss . despite the sadness i mostly felt gratitude . gratitude for my baby for my life and mostly for my wonderful friend . coco . pearl let out a small giggle before extending a tiny hand out to play with coco s . she up at her with pure love in her and i knew that their bond like ours was for eternity . hill was especially beautiful that morning . as we the shack and silently got in the car there t any awkwardness just a strong feeling of relief . i sat in the back with pearl enjoying every sound and gargle she made and coco with the radio driving much more carefully than she had on our way there . the sun beamed in the sky and i could swear was still with us even if only in spirit . the journey to building my family had been a tumultuous one filled with and . but in that moment none of it . we were going home . together . and then they all lived happily ever after . the end . i know . i wish it were the end too . beautiful right ? we slew the beast freed the baby and drove off into the distance . it was poetic . life did return to normal for a time i the practice went back to no more and hired a new sitter for pearl a boy a wonderful person but no replacement for . i spent going about my daily business . loving and lamenting coco for her poor reception and bonding with my beautiful daughter . life was perfect . it was . now i want you to think back to the moment i my here . you remember right ? the monster i had suspected was some kind of twisted version of a zombie . i m sure none of you have forgotten him in a hurry . think back to the he said to me as he sat in my chair . the that my life and sent my perfect little world out of orbit . you came highly by the beast of hill . i t mention his death or even the beast s real impact on me at the time him off as just another albeit patient . i you to truly understand first . there was far too much to explain in a few . forgive me for misleading you it was never my intention . i if he had with in the short time between our first meeting at the convention and his death in the shack . i had desperately hoped that was the explanation . since i this journey i learned that i was mistaken . the beast is alive and he s out there . we should never have his healing . it s only a matter of time before he comes back for us . these past have been tough the beast t been the only threat i to worry about . despite her behaviour towards him when learned of her sons death and my involvement she was livid . understandably so . my perfect life was . now i have to protect pearl again not only from the beast but also from the ethical organ and himself who unfortunately i t seen the last of . this will be the last you hear from me for quite some time . it s better that way . i need to focus to do everything i can to preserve the normality that we worked so hard for and most importantly to protect my daughter at all . one day i hope to return and to continue what i learned of the monster world with you . until then it s time i run from it . name is mercy bane and here . . here i will chronical my regarding that which is " known " by those with open and " unknown " by those who keep them closed . i call them the closed and i encourage you to continue . it like many here prefer to view the grisly the grotesque and the malevolent . trust me when i say i have seen and experienced what your twisted little hearts desire most . the first manor amongst many sat one so very thin . a file that when only included an application and a letter . the letter did nothing more than pique my interest . manor been a place of much turbulence and debate . over the it been and even been under much scrutiny . the owner of the manor it to be nothing more than an extreme house . the many who have spent time at this place have and to tell . this is no mere haunt . this is torture . come i will give you a look into one such experience . beyond this point there will be a fair amount of explicit violence vulgarity and many extreme that should not be by those of less sturdy heart . my application had been accepted and upon my arrival at the manor i was sat down to sign a thick packet that detailed what the staff could do to me . a packet i simply skimmed over just as everyone before me had . how bad could it actually be ? it ' s just a house right ? page after page is filled with detailed and very thorough of an individual could be forced to endure but to me it was all just some sick joke . an easy way to scare off the faint of heart . i ' never been much of a reader . the moment my is upon the marked line a hand my hair and me from my seated position a scream from my . dear god what have i done ? i pull and tug at the hand in my hair as i am dragged kicking and screaming into the front door . it ' s just a few spare before a foot to my face my consciousness . i wake up to darkness . a darkness so profound and deep i panic . i have no sense of place . my tug a bit at a chain and dig into my . " like the little bitch woke up . " a deep voice and i hear against the floor . my are out from underneath me and i hit the floor hard . my right shoulder a sick sound . i cry out in pain and shock . my water and my body slightly . my heart into my throat as rough grab my pants and yank . " no ! ! no ! ! keep your off of me ! ! " i scream as he me down and me . he and at me as i scream . his going they don ' t belong as my underwear quickly . i buck and squirm . my tearing through the air . his voice right by my ear " no one can hear you . poor little bitch . " searing pain . . . i wake again my body in fire . this time i can see . i am tied to a chair and masked stand about . the laughter as my open . the sound of hair me go stock still . every little movement . oh god . it . someone my hair and the quickly a chunk of my hair . down my face as they laugh . my hair is quickly removed and my chair back . my pull and pull at my . pain and hot liquid around the ropes . still i pull . the chair against something far enough that my chair is almost flat . my breathing up as the sound of water my . a wet rag is thrown over my face and laughter as water is over my head . i sputter and jerk . can ' t breathe . air . can ' t . stop ! ! i jerk and are as water my nose and my mouth . my burn and my grow quiet . my body heavy . the water and the chair is the other direction . violent upon my back force the water from my . then . . repeat . over and over i am nearly . they leave me frozen shaking and . my stomach it turns over and i cry softly weakly to myself . this ' t a house . its torture given a pretty name . my ache my are on fire my arm is numb almost . probably dislocated . intimate of my person spike with pain . i don ' t remember falling asleep . i don ' t remember waking up . i was gone one moment and back the next . electricity jolting through my body . a soundless scream upon my bloody as every muscle in my body and involuntarily . my bowels release from the amount of dancing under my skin . i spasm and jerk . my voice cracked and broken my body beyond its capability to handle such . the next time my open white greet me . the of a machine in the corner . i jerk upright and swing my over the edge of a medical bed . ripping the out of my arm and nestling falling over upon standing up . a nurse into the room and to settle me down . " where am i ? ! " i cry out brokenly my voice hoarse . " you ' re at the hospital nearest to that accursed manor . calm down . we are just trying to help . " she me back onto the bed and my back up . i stare confused at her for a moment before turning to look at the ceiling . soon enough a doctor the room and to check me . a psychiatrist also present . the evaluation ' t good . my shoulder was dislocated two broken over a broken nose all over the worst of which my and . not to mention the damage to my lady hood . a cop quickly the crowd as the doctor his way out . i can ' t help my immediate reaction upon the mention of the manor . i simply shut down . many people have applied to this so " " manor . most have mental that were coupled with the physical received . this manor is quite real to the dismay of many . let this closed file be a reminder that exist . and people that we simply don ' t understand . let me remind you there are many closed for me to share . if you wish to hear more stick around and endure . it was all i could do not to vomit when my mother in law proudly set the roast down in front of us its meat glistening brown on the kitchen table . are you alright ? my wife whispered making sure her t hear . she t told them what i d been through . hell i d hardly had the mental strength to tell her everything myself . the smell of the freshly meat an acrid taste in the back of my mouth . ever since i was a i d been with experimentation . scientific and fascinated me . when other my age were a bra with one hand i was pouring salt on snails and making semi poisonous with my chemistry set . before i had time to process i d an given over my bank account information to payroll and had my first official contract in the scientific world as an intern . the feeling of knowing i would be into a community of that were into the same that i was . my mind at the of what my employer and i would discover together the ways we would change the world as we knew it . if only i d have known when i in that first day i was ready to take the world of science and medicine by the . the man who d hired me would be the one i was working under . he told me nothing about himself other than that his name was . whether that was his first or last name i had no idea . i t care much to ask at the time . then again i t think it was information that would be too relevant during an internship . people don t like an overabundance of whether they admit it to you or not . and i t want to be the squeaky wheel that got boiled in hot grease . anyway science is one of the that there is and i knew i could have up to study any one of them . being a student with military i won t lie and tell you i t for something biochemical or at the very least weather related . said that when told me we d be behavioral science i was more than . the science of the mind t even to me as a possibility . with my family s various mental and i thought it d be a wonderful area to study and understand . excuse me ? i said quietly . will we be and the effects of different on the brain ? a thin smile across his weathered face as he turned to acknowledge me . that my good sir is more psychological science . what we do here is different . you d be hard to find like these in a test or blood panel . he to walk down a hallway to the left wordlessly for me to follow as he continued to speak . you are here to learn not to judge . many aspiring shy away from greatness they let their moral compass get in the way . is that going to be an issue ? i more than the of his tone but nonetheless . of course whatever you need sir ! he correcting a politeness that any other of my would have . then his throat before me in a voice . everyone here is perfectly aware of why they re here . they get compensation in the name of science . now who t want that ? he an old snake oil salesman . i merely in response . we a dark room that a long table and . a pane of glass that took up the entire front wall fully revealing the room behind it . two in sat in a bare stark white room . there was nothing for them to sit on or lean against . it was just the two the floor and a vast sea of maddening white . i at confused . don t worry they can t see or hear us he said matter of . they and tired but otherwise healthy . the complacency in their and facial proved what said was true these were definitely here of their own volition . we watched in silence for a full hour before spoke again shedding a very dim light on the point of the experiment . these ladies here are vegetarian . our job is to see how they are to their cause by testing their and . the first one to give into their hunger goes home with nothing . the woman who out the will receive a quarter of the money for this research study . more silence continued with even less activity coming from the inside . the taller woman with the dark hair perfectly content with sitting idle and doing nothing . i d surmised maybe she was a housewife or stay at home and desperately an empty space to herself mostly . however the shorter woman with the red hair fidgety after only six . she twisting her hair at the before ripping it off her and tapping her . i that she was a smoker someone who on an oral fixation . i felt relieved at the end of the day when i got to go home . the plan was to go home and cook up the steak that i had in the freezer . i d assumed that the were also and were their hunger with or whatever the hell it was that they preferred to eat . i was wrong . the next afternoon i was to see the in the same clothing they were in the day before . their hair was disheveled and dark were beginning to plague the skin under their . t they go home and eat ? i incredulously . my lower lip under my top teeth the moment the inquiry came into the open audible air . instead of snapping at me i was to see a smile from on s normally joyless face . i figured you d ask . that s why i you to be here when i fed them . my heart as i saw him reach into a plastic container and pull out a raw hunk of fat marbled beef much like the one i d selfishly grilled up and the evening before . he sprinkled what like a mixture of pepper and rosemary before sliding it into the room on a tray . both at it disgustedly as it their space . i saw them murmuring to each other but t hear inside of the room . you can t be serious ! i much than i d meant to . shot me a steely look of warning as he the empty tray from the slot closed the entrance to it and locked it . i as the taller woman her pants and in the corner . similar to catch my eye the more i around the room . the red haired woman had reduced her to bloodied and still as she to bite off more . her swollen twisted off brittle of greasy hair . a phone on a button and towards the opposite side of the room before whispering something i t understand . as he did this i that the red haired woman t trying to chew her at all . instead i d she was taking the of hair and them between her teeth to chew on . two men into the white room with assertive . everything inside of me that i should have said something anything to try to stop what was going on in front of me . but of course i t . in my mind it was all they on for this . no one was forcing them to be here . the men the red haired woman by the before forcing her to her . a single tear slid down her face as one of the men a pair of scissors from his inner coat pocket . the other produced what like a beard and trimmer . within the beautiful of red hair were nothing more then stolen on the floor dying more by the second . the at each other as the turned on the blonde giving the other a nod of encouragement and solidarity . the room was swept and before the pair left the same way that they d come in . you know what ? this whole thing would be a hell of a lot easier if i just gave them . i d decided to call the taller blonde woman and the other . i t privy to their real but it felt disrespectful to label them as a and b as had in past . the steak still sat between them and i to see some of the rust red from s head stuck to its flesh . oxidization had begun to set in at the slowly turning the once crimson meat to a dull brown . i t help wondering which one of them would crack first or how long they d have to stay if neither one did . after two days off i almost t go back . but s word plagued me each time i thought about it many aspiring shy away from greatness they let their moral compass get in the way . is that going to be an issue ? so after much mental rationalization and justification i up bright and early morning as . in my mind i knew there was no way that the would still be in there . surely one of them a fear factor and bit off a chunk of the meat by now . but as per the theme of this story of course i was wrong . their once bright room had now become dingy under the pristine . brown the back of their clothes excrement that had made it past the self made defecation corner . as off point as it was i remember wondering how one could so much with virtually nothing in their stomach . lay sleeping in the fetal position on the floor surely from the lack of and hydration . eleven thousand had the potential to be a life amount of money but was it really worth all this ? i thought sadly . weakly to the front of the room sniffing the steak before bile down her chin . i a little myself once i saw that the piece of meat was now tinged a sea algae green with grey marbling through it where the fat once was . i bit my lip as she the meat up to her face and t help but breathe a sigh of relief as she it away . then i saw something that me . at a wild look had taken over her face . she was her her . i d of my rudely refer to as of meat but this was the first time i d ever seen that saying on someone s face . now what i said about the i realize this entire thing is a direct defiance of that order . if legal fall upon me after this i welcome them with open arms . the truth is i d be in jail anyway . what next t have been a surprise . this was a behavioral study after all and people are capable of almost anything when too far . still . i t see it coming i don t think any of us did . made a coo ing motion with her as she softly s hair . the woman slightly as s shaved head down to kiss her cheek . in a snap like motion she her head back and viciously buried in in the corner of s neck . her snapped open in as sent blood and sinew spewing from her own neck . only slightly to write something on the floor in s blood . by the time anyone had gotten in there it was too late . knew to bite the most lethal part of the body cutting off her air supply and blood flow instantly . she through flesh covered teeth and she continued to eat her way up the her right cheekbone . i snapped my attention back to my mother in law s kitchen table away from the array of and piled high on . she ' d been trying to speak with me but i d been too wrapped up in my own to realize it . go on and eat while it s fresh ! i t one of the men who busted in the room the were being . i ashamedly stayed behind frozen in horror like a coward . but when i was they me a picture of what had written on the floor . the haunt me to this day forever burned into my memory in an red font . if you re going to make me eat meat it to be fresh . i don ' t think i want to be a scientist . . . the door had always me . in the half lit room the of the open closet were completely black and the thought of what could be in that blackness always gave me pause to look longer than i knew i should . one day last week i my and saw a darkness above me and i t move for fright . i m not afraid of the dark per say . i have always had little up my spine from the i can half imagine within it . as it turns out it was the darkness itself i should have been thinking of all along . this darkness was terrifying not because of what was in it but because of where it was . it t where it was supposed to be in a corner or splayed across a wall . . . or in the of my closet . this darkness was hovering out in open space right above me less than a yard from my face . i could tell because i could hear it . i could actually hear the bent over me as though it s very existence a soft slithering sound like a quiet sigh or like smooth fabric sliding over skin but as though those little were happening in a chilling disjointed chorus . i was frozen but i t feel until the thing spoke . why do you watch me ? it . it s voice was like . . . it was strange like a growl and like three or four softly speaking spoke together at the same time so tightly in chorus as to be the same and yet with slightly different as if trying to mean several with one question . it was like hearing one question and several . in its voice i fear anger curiosity and a chilling dread . . . after hearing no response the shadow slightly closer causing me to physically shake and repeated itself . why do you watch me ? w what ? i to stutter out in my as i was given a small break from my strange paralysis . why do you watch me ? it t change its question at all . it t or or even exasperated at to repeat itself . the came flooding through my mind as i tried to think of what to say how to escape my mind humming in my skull as through it . i knew immediately that this thing would not relent nor change in its determined . i t know where to look with no mouth or to direct my question towards . but i decided that if it would only change with i would try to answer . what do you i on my and had to begin again but as i my mouth to speak a second time the thing . you watch me . it and to my horror slightly in my vision . why ? i watch you ? i and in fear trying to remain composed . yes . well how ? i don t under the thing suddenly out of my vision and my whole body physically all flinching in unison . i sat up and in the direction it had gone in that split second a reflex more than anything . for a handful of i saw the in the closet and shifting now that awful slithering sound than ever . and then it was from my face again . my body and i froze again wide eyed and staring trembling . it there a long moment . why do you watch me ? i frozen in terror and barely to croak out be . . . because i am afraid . it another long moment . good . it said and in another flash of half understood movement it was in the closet still as ever . i sat staring at that shadow for the time . after a long moment i thought perhaps it would stay perhaps maybe i had even it in some half asleep dream . and then it spoke again chilling me to my core . again you watch me . . . there was another long pause . are you afraid ? i barely to answer . yes . . . i said . nothing . after a long moment i my mouth . what are i again and . what are you ? another long pause . for a moment i thought it would not answer that it had gone away or that i had lost my mind and the hallucination was over . nothing . it said . wha i am the above the behind the between the beneath and away . it said and i saw the darkness though it did not move to swell within its space . i am all that is not seen and cannot be . i am the unobserved . that is what we are . with yet another bone chill i in one word a question i did not want to ask . we ? yes . you are . . . there are more ? no . what ? but you there are less . what ? ? but we are the not . we cannot be more . oh . oh . oh is all i could manage to say . i was for some reason starting to relax . this thing whatever it was or . . . was not was clearly interested in trying to communicate . . . . and . . . you . . ? me ? the thing in return . what . . . what about you ? me ? it again . this time all of its voice to convey different of query as though the question t make sense or perhaps even the sense of self t make sense . yes . . . i said now oddly curious myself . you . me . . . it said ponderously . that was last week before nil and i got to know what nil was like . . . and before it told me about the . reincarnation is such an interesting concept . when a person . . . they re often reborn into a type of flower or other plant . i must say i become quite the gardener . this is the story of one of my most an orchid . this plant is so to me as it is my wife . she on the th of in when she was driving home from her work as an accountant when a drunk truck driver skidded on the road and crushed her against a tunnel wall she was pronounced dead on the spot and the truck driver fifteen of prison for his carelessness . how and why do i have my wife ' s body in my room on a night stand ? i m pretty sure the why is obvious she is my wife well what become of her and i love her very dearly . the day of her death i tried suicide via overdose but i . i was in a psych hospital for an amount of time that i could not tell you i lost track of time in there due to the isolation provided by my melancholy . when i was i was homeless for several i had lost my job my house my car and everything of value to me except for a brooch given to me by my wife the morning before her untimely death and my clothes . this meant a new start for me a new start from scratch . one day as i was searching for a job a gang of men their car besides me on the walkway and they got out give us all of your you hobo one of them said in an awfully aggressive tone . i thought back to what i had on me a couple of one hundred dollar a train ticket a generic sandwich from the airport vending and the brooch . i remember tossing the brooch behind me whilst i stepped back so i could put my shoe on it for it to go unnoticed unharmed and unstolen . they took everything apart from the brooch which was safely under my raggedy old . soon enough i to find a decent job . i in into a small flat big enough for me . it had a sunroom which made me grow a certain interest for . i reading into the history of botany and certain of it . i vividly remember reading into reincarnation and its correlation to botany . i thought i could perhaps retrieve what had become of my wife if i tried enough . i then had the thought that it would be basically impossible to find one flower among the of that surround us . two after this whole thought i was out on a walk . i into a giant patch of next to a popular food place . i felt a strong connection to it i t know why but i also felt a strong feeling coming from the brooch it glowing an emerald color and the closer i got to the orchid field the it got . eventually i got to the middle of the orchid field . there lied an emerald colored orchid amongst the of . i felt an even connection to this flower than to the brooch or the field itself . no the field t talking to me this one special orchid was calling out to me . fast forward two i had saved up money to buy a beautiful flower pot . a metal jar decorated with precious and gold . i also bought the best to treat the orchid the best that i could . the next day i left for the orchid field where i picked up the emerald orchid . i took it home and carefully set it up in the pot . i put the pot with the orchid in the best spot in my room not too much sunlight not too much shadow perfect . later that night when i was getting bed ready i a voice coming from my bedroom . i rushed inside no one silence . must have been my imagination i thought . i got into bed and got cozy . . . josh . a voice from the orchid . what the . . . that voice it was my now deceased wife ' s . i thought back to the whole reincarnation thing . . . was this my wife ? it was a dark and stormy night . rain down like of water falling from the sky . my friend and i down the dark street glancing around every nook and cranny so we t be on this wet and cold night . our clothes were soaked and we still had a long way to go . through chattering teeth my friend my shoulder and can we go hide out in there until this rain ? i over to what she was pointing at and an old falling apart house my . it t welcoming in the but there was no other option . i and we headed off together across the street and into the abandoned house . i the door . it like the sound of a dying cat . the house was illuminated brightly i up and through the in the ceiling i saw only and the rain that fell into my . i over at my friend who had dragged a rotting sofa from another room . over to a dry spot in the kitchen and had sat down . i sat down next to her . she said nothing and i said nothing . we just together and for the storm to pass . i must have fallen asleep . i my at the sound of a loud scratching noise . sitting up i around . the room had gone from being dimly lit to being almost pitch black . closer i saw a piece of paper . in black ink than the blackness of the room was my last name . i picked up the page and it closer to the face to inspect it . nothing else was written on it except the name . i around for my friend she was staring out the window almost peaceful like . my friend turned around as i her . her face was pale and emotionless she like she t slept in . i her if she had seen the paper that was in front of me when i had . no i have not . can i see it ? she me innocently . i over the paper to her and she at it for what like . i have no idea what this is . i thought long and hard about where it could have come from but i had no idea . then i the loud scratching noise . perhaps it came from that loud scratching noise from . maybe we should go check it out ? my friend at me like i was crazy . maybe don t ? it was probably nothing . i to believe my friend but i simply t put past the wild in my head . i laid back down on the couch . of my name up my spine . i . but this time not because i was cold . but because i was . something else was present in this room . the in my mind got . chanting like a clock . i closed my and tried to sleep peacefully but all i could feel was the figure of someone watching me . how much time again is something i m not sure of . but i woke up in a cold sweat . the were gone . but silence was even more unsettling . i had to leave this room . i around for my friend but she was nowhere to be found . i left the living room and kitchen and up the . the top floor was a short hallway with three closed . i really t want to enter any of these but i to find my friend and get out of here . too to call her name i slowly the door to me . glancing around i how it was completely empty . the only thing in the room were the formed by the still falling rain . i quickly closed the door and the second one . it was a bathroom kept spotlessly clean and flawless despite the age of the rest of the house . i slowly and fearfully back the shower curtain . written on the wall in blood was my last name again . i closed the shower curtain and in fear once more . was this a curse ? would i be stuck here for all eternity ? where was my friend ? is this all a dream ? i was snapped out of my spiral by the sound of a door . i fearfully out of the bathroom . i saw no one . i closed the bathroom door and swore never to re enter that room as long as i lived . this simply left the third door . it over me like it was growing in size every second i at it . i my hand on the cold doorknob and open the door . this room was clearly supposed to be a bedroom . the bed was made and the wet faded shone ominously in the lack of moonlight . it me of how the house when i first . i closer to the bed . the wood floor underneath my weight and to be screaming to me but something me closer . what on the other side ? my curiosity my fear and i inched closer . i down at the floor from the other side of the bed . i and froze with fear . i was so i t even notice the of the first door . lying on the floor was the dead body of someone i knew very dearly . my own lay chopped up and like a twisted art project . who could have done this ? and why would they do such a thing ? my were by the voice of my friend . you t supposed to see that . her pale dead face rushed with color as she inched closer to me . a flash of metal in the light . i only then that the scratching from were the sound of a knife slicing up human flesh . i ' m just glad the window was right there or i might not have with my life . rain down on my window like a discharge of as i play modern warfare on a winter night . i lose another round and throw my controller across the room when suddenly i hear a buzz from my phone . " another friend " i suddenly freeze when i read the name . . " lily " . " huh ! ? lily ? ! how ? when ? " a million run through my mind as i see the name of my childhood friend who i haven ' t had contact with in ever since she . i remember it like it was yesterday . " you ' re moving ? ! " a year old me with utter shock . " yea . . afraid so . . " lily . " b . . but why ? " i cried . " new school apparently . . so sorry " " its . . you ' re going to right ? " " yep ! " lily with her adorable pearl white smile " nice ! " i the fact she will be going to a fairly economical school one of the most in the city . " miss you . . " lily suddenly . as i break out of my trance i slouch down . " same here . . " " you better have fun ? " " i will " lily . that was ago but it like it was more recent than i can resound . i advance my finger to my phone and open and accepted her friend request . within she me like as if she ' s been waiting for . " hey ! " lily off . " hey ! " i reply . " how have ya been ? " " eh alright just been modern warfare while college out . how about you ? " " great ! currently enrolled in university getting my " " oh nice ! thats an extremely popular university " " yea or as your th grade self would put it " highly economic " " " yea i used that word " . there was a second pause before she again . " when will you be free ? " " oh how does at sound ? " " thats perfect ! " she . " see ya then " " see ya p " . little did i know this would be a huge mistake . i wake up the next morning " yep its a . " i exclaim with exhaustion in my voice . i slither out of bed and slowly make my way to my kitchen to make some coffee . while it i turn on the . " who there might be something good on for once " i chuckle to myself . i put it on a random channel and turn the volume up a few . i barely pay attention to the when suddenly two catch my attention " breaking news " i turn around and see the news anchor blouse something that caught my attention . " we have of local of the city of serif a maroon colored smoke from their starting with the and slowly going around them like an aura . this smoke to cause the victim to act psychotic . outright showing of insanity . we do not know if this is related to the of verdigris town but we will have more as this story . " i look at the . " red smoke ? the hell is this some kind of movie ? a break " i chuckle as my coffee brewing . " we all know the in verdigris town is fake anyway there ' s no such thing as " " or " ' . the dumb are just making it up to make look bad " i exclaim to myself as i sit down on my forest green couch . after finishing my coffee i throw it in the sink as i hear my phone vibrate on the kitchen counter . " from lily " i my finger to my phone and read her text . " how does meeting at the coffee shop sound ? " i breed on my phone as fast as possible . " yea good ! what time ? " " um how does am sound ? " she . i look at the time " am ' . " yea sure " " ! see ya there ! " as time by i enter the coffee shop at am . be there early right ? i sit down and wait for lily when suddenly i feel a tap on my shoulder " ? " i hear a somber voice call out . i turn around and see lily a year old version of her right in front of my . the same brown long hair . her beautiful hazel . her perfect white smile . wearing a blue jacket pink t shirt and some rose gold to top it off . yep it ' s her alright . i jump up and smile give her a hug and we both sit down and talk . " do you want anything to drink ? " i ask somberly . " sure ! " she . a petite purple haired waitress comes over to our table . " what can i do for ya ' today ? " she in a accent . " yea we ' both have a cup of coffee " i exclaim . " right away " the waitress away . when she comes back me and lily catch up and finish our cup of coffee before then the coffee shop . " i had a great time ! " she beaming . " same here " i . " hey stay at my place for the night ? " she . " sure ! like a fun idea " i exclaim . little did i know this would be the worst mistake of my life . as i enter her house i notice that are . . strange . her are like as if her place been abandoned for if not . the floor like a house on night . her kitchen like it was hit by a hurricane . " i know the place is a bit messy . . sorry " she nervously . " no no it ' s " i exclaim looking around . " at least its livable " " yea " she . " make yourself at home " she before walking away towards the back out of her house . " where are you going ? " i ask . " oh " she suddenly around . " i got some . . stuff to attend to . " she nervously before walking towards the dark abyss as the back of her home . i sit down on her torn up dirty green stripped couch . after about i start to get worried as she ' t returned . i get up and move towards where she went when i suddenly smell something horrid . my immediately tear up upon it . " what is that smell ? ! " i scream in my mind as i walk towards its origin . in front of me is a grey perfectly clean door . i open it and upon gazing into its contents inside i wish i never have . dead . from to mice to dogs on . blood and mucus everywhere on the floor roof . headless lay on the floor several being deer or . i gag upon laying on this horrid scene when suddenly i hear a sound . without a second to think i suddenly feel a sharp pain at the back of my head before being out . i wake up in a rusty room on a dusty wooden chair . it ' s a endless void of darkness outside of the small ceiling light above me . " i ' m sorry you had to learn like this . " i hear from behind me . i know that voice . " lily ! ? what the hell is going on ? " i scream trying to break myself free of the silver on my arms and " all of this with that damn fog . then . . i something more " she with a psychotic smile . " i accidentally one of them . . but then . . it was so easy to do again and again . " " lily . . " i moan . " why . . " " because i have . " " soon you will too . " she before walking in front of me bending down to my point of view . " you have lost it lily . . " i cry feeling well up in my . " i know " she sticking her out . it ' s blood red . " you will see . . what god given me . " " what you need " . she her arms out as a maroon fog her . " its the smoke from the news report " i say in my mind . she at me and . " let ' s kill all of serif together ! " " go to hell ! " i exclaim before breaking free of my leg kicking her and breaking free of my arm . i hop out the chair and run to the nearest room i see and lock the door . i hear her yelling " ! i know you here . . come out . . i just talk . . " she ' s scratching at the door i know she will get in soon . what is this smoke ? what to my best friend ? if still alive i ' update as soon as i can . please . . save my best friend . i m pretty sure i was their biggest fan since the beginning . when i first saw them they were in s shopping district . it really is a nice city and the amount of young fresh faced you see on the street to its endearing appeal . you find all of and trying their luck with the public . one i was out with a friend . we were on our way to grab a bite to eat and there they were . the sight i had seen all day . three men something that would have usually been a normal occurrence . i barely even the other two the was so uniquely captivating that i stopped in my . i t take my from him . there he stood an acoustic guitar . from his neck there t seem anything out of the ordinary about him brown boots vest average build . but then there was his head . what to be a great big white ball . some sort of gimmick i thought despite that i found it utterly enthralling . with an banjo and a the trio sang away . my friend at my arm but i stayed still paying an intense attention to the band . the humdrum of a passing group my focus and i came to . yeah sorry just watching the . i saw a cardboard sign on the floor . written in a thick black marker were the roger roundhead and the . i repeated the name out loud with a child like curiosity . fitting name . my friend . right i m shall we get going ? we went and got some food from the market but still i t remove the image of roger roundhead from my mind . when i later their name i could find little about them . i found it strange that such an interesting performance t have an presence . there were no on and no on . so i decided i had to follow them to see their music to have more than a thirty second glimpse . i was hooked . i went to town on my own the following in that they d be in the same spot . as luck would have it they were . the same song that i had before this time i was able to sit down and listen properly to the whole thing . it t even my sort of music if i m completely honest . it felt a little too political for my liking and the and t particularly different to anything i had before . if anything it was a little repetitive . but still i tried not to blink for fear of missing as much as a second of roger roundhead and the . something about roger unfalteringly drew me in as if i was being to simply sit and observe him . the song finished and i around . dotted about were a small number of other people who were equally in the group of . after only a few roger roundhead and the up their and left . i watched them busk on a number of and quickly familiar with all of their . still i was never able to discover an presence until i found out that they would be at a small venue the fleece . though it t their own presence they were by another local band . some were of them and were already going to the concert . i instantly decided to tag along when the band stated that roger roundhead and the would be opening for them . their opening performance was much like their . it had the exact same format and they the same . still i was unable to turn away from roger . my were divided in opinion half of them just the main band to perform the were as by the opening act as i was . and so i went on going to simply because roger roundhead and the were the opening act . at a number of different i them as far as . and then they returned to to perform at the marble factory . this time however would be their first time as a act . it was a night and the place was . we stood like against one another to reach the front beside the stage . i was lucky enough to get a front row view . i was with two of my will and . they were the who were as equally fascinated by the band as i was at that first concert they at . when are they start ? will anxiously onto the stage . i hate it when are late . by the time i had at will and back at the stage the were positioned ready to perform . roger roundhead was yet to show himself . instead of their usual banjo and the were with a more standard drum kit and bass guitar . as we patiently smoke filled the stage and the dimmed . the blackness gave way to silent excitement . the with anticipation . as if to treat us to an . and shortly after out that familiar round head the main course . like a ball the to bounce from him . roger roundhead a new guitar black and white outwards sequentially from its . burst from the crowd but soon were into silence as roger raised a finger to his round head . . as silence the venue he to play . the in time with the . the same riff over and over . the rhythmically a backing line the bass the guitar s melody . a continuous line incessant repetition i found myself . i at roger at his guitar . the felt like they were moving . roger bobbed in time with his . the smoke but the onwards with a lightning speed . then roger roundhead to sing . his voice was masked by numerous strange vocal effects but it was still distinctly him . regardless it was nothing like the music i had them play while . he swayed his forwards and backwards with each note of the rhythm . the distorted and took a to the melody . over and over the repeated an enchanting hex that i t make out worming their way into my mind . not of my own volition i felt myself swaying with the rest of the crowd . of roger roundhead s themselves in my head . i watched them play waving swaying leaning forwards past the barrier that guarded the stage . roger roundhead plucked a final note and we were thrust into darkness . of light my vision though never truly lit the way . i out to my but made no sound . the little with my intended seemingly to the noise i was trying to make . hello ? i t say . two blinked one after the other . who s there ? a flurry of and i spun around in place watching the that surrounded me . some were a warm glow of orange that in and out of blackness a pleasant green that about and a few were a soothing purple that would rise and sink . i and searching for any indication of what was happening searching for my . i was only met with more . as i through the glowing of the space around me bioluminescence splashed in place those little bouncing from my body . like tiny with no weight no form the about my person until i stopped moving . hello ? i t call out again . two blinked one after the other again . hello ! i tried to shout . the same blinked . what s going on ? the formed a line forwards flashing in sequence the of a glowing array pointing me in a direction . i the path set before me that to stretch on as far as the eye could see . i along for no longer than thirty before i to feel myself up . i spun around and below me were a series of carrying me upon their formless . they raised me further until i was met with a small circle . again more little though this time they were white . i through the circle . passing the threshold i felt myself . i saw beginning to pass by me faster and faster until they all formed a single blur around me . i to shout of fear around and mixed together with adrenaline and ecstasy . faster . faster . i kept . a warping wobbling winding tunnel formed around me smaller and smaller into a thin tube . i an unimaginable velocity and through the ever pin prick exit . a painted world surrounded me a sky of and a mixed media painting that and vastly trickling with wet whites and drying blues . velvet of rolling green with a smattering of waving in time to a familiar rhythm . the music it still roger roundhead . the with precise rhythmic . and at the of it all roger and his . i felt my form slip away and watched my body return through the pin prick entrance to this painted world . violently backwards it flew . then there i was a little green light . happy content and perfectly in time i carelessly and unthinkingly . i spent no longer than an evening enjoying the music enjoying the company of my shapeless before a great typhoon the world up and a tremendous mash of and painted were washed away . and then there i was in my body laid in the same darkness as before . i stood up . i tried to walk forwards again but over something . i tumbled onto a soft surface and as i broke the fall with my felt that it was a person . i myself back up . i felt shuffling around me . other people were rising . a confused murmur around me and i in the crowd s muttering . the venue on and i saw before me an empty stage . a crowd of dazed people to their and i the room for my . i was aware of how thirsty i was how stuffy the room was . it was hard to breathe and i could see other people the same discomfort that i was feeling . amidst the fray i did not see my but found my way to the exit . i for air as i fell into a flowing street the of people the building dragged me into the fury of the blistering midday sun . t it night time ? i my head trying to work out exactly how long the night had and whether everyone else had experienced what i had . the of the painted world were fuzzy fading in and out of my memory . it was like trying to remember a dream . the more i thought of it the further it slipped away from me . i took my phone from my pocket intending to check the time . the battery was dead . i took a bus home a glass of water and put my phone on charge . i had fifty seven a plethora of text and was with social media . are you ? where are you ? what s going on ? call me please . voice from my and all concerned as to where i was . it t have been the first time i stayed out all night it t have been an issue . then my mum through the door . as soon as she saw me she ran towards me me with a whirlwind of crying shouting hugging me me . when i nonchalantly her what the problem was her jaw was agape . she that i had been missing for three . she had me missing to the police . my had been missing too . i was still in a state of confusion and my mother s babbling t help . i had been gone for an evening not three . little anxious around in my head bouncing from wall to wall within my skull . it was possible that i had been spiked with something and that i was still under the influence of it . i had been gone for an evening i went to a concert . i t been gone for three . i knew that but my mother if it was really her t . i tried to focus to see if i could wake up from whatever this was . but i t . roger roundhead and the . i t hear of any more by them it s almost as if they never . maybe they re still in the painted world but i t know . everyone i was missing for three and i tell them i don t remember anything . my and i agreed to say that whenever anyone but we still talk about that evening amongst ourselves . we have about it but i know that we won t ever come to a solid conclusion . at the end of it all all we can do is reminisce and hope that we can go back just for an evening . xb x i live in a small tight knit rural community in the highland . obviously i won ' t disclose exactly where but all you really need to understand is how out of the way we are . and of winding around endless and separate us from the nearest town where any brand name operate . my mum and dad are but in a more " rustic " sense . think subsistence farming with a little bit of good faith selling and trading with the nearest . in the north of cell phone and coverage is unreliable at best anywhere outside your own home . my auntie and uncle visit every now and then from and if i want anything i can get it sent up here . we ' re not all that disconnected with modern day technology and postage . but anyway i only told you all that to give a little bit of context towards my situation a feel for where we are . we have some sheep and but mostly our pride and joy been our . we keep them happy and they ' plenty of space to roam and have good we genuinely care about them . my dad especially even after fifty of heading the farm he still to slaughter any of them . big he is . something most people don ' t know about is that they tend to stay in during the day if they have the chance and then head out to pasture at night . one evening about two ago we were at the table for a late dinner when we one of the crying out above the usual bustle . when a cow is in pain or especially it out in this weird scream high . me and my dad gave each other a look and our and ran out into the field with our collie to try and see what it was . when we them the of the old swept across the scattered herd most of em " still moving and giving these . no matter how long you work on a farm it ' s always being out there at night all those big with their reflecting with that ghostly green glow . quickly i spotted one amongst the herd with a damp red glistening wound on the neck . me and my dad spent a little time getting close to her but it took a while " cause she was understandably skittish . finally getting a closer look i felt my heart drop and my stomach churn when we saw it . a bite a big one . another thing you need to know about is they don ' t have any natural . are too small and the and off ago so nothing could ' or should ' done this . we growling and turning the flashlight to her we saw her low to the ground baring her teeth face pointed towards the far corner of the field . we turned our and stood there still as stone was one of the . it was eerie seeing it just standing there unmoving and staring back at us . caught in the light it ' t hard to see that its and chin were wet with blood . my dad at it with his mouth partially open and a hand on my shoulder and stepping in front of me . it was one of the of the herd who was a couple into her pregnancy . we ' d never had aggression in our before just the odd nip and shove . " she must be sick . . . " my dad before " take inside " . the came through to me but i felt frozen as still as that cow . she was looking dead at me those reflective a sheer pale green that into my soul and sent down my spine as i watched a single red bead of blood trickle down her . my dad shook me softly himself a little more firmly which woke me from my stupor . nodding i tore myself away from the stare and the collie away and back up to the house . it was only on that return trip that i how hard my heart was racing thumping away in my chest . something about the whole situation felt off and i leaving my dad alone back there . i told my mum what had and everything leaving her as confused as me and my dad . thankfully it ' t long before he came back in he had gotten her back and locked her and the bitten one in separate in the barn away from the . he ' d call a vet and see if we could get the herd checked in case there was some kind of disease going about . needless to say i did not sleep easy that night . laid in bed all i could think of was the look in its the intensity and intent i could feel behind it . . . i love and i don ' t scare easy but this felt different . felt wrong . after a good few of tossing and turning struggling to keep the off my mind sleep finally took me . i woke with a start to the sound of my dad shouting from downstairs . frantically i rolled out of bed and on some clothes stumbling down the with a nervous lump in my throat for what could have now . it was early a cold amber tinting the from the sunrise through the cloudy grey sky . the front door was lying open so i hurried outside and spotted the herd standing in the middle of the field looking towards the farmhouse all making distressed mooing . i saw my mum stood in front of the open barn covering her mouth with her a look of shock in her . nervously i stepped forward till i laid on it too . the sight made my gut rise my hand coming to grip onto the barn door to support my which felt like they were about to give out from under me as i tried not to vomit . on the left side of the barn the wooden stall separating from the cow she ' d bitten had been through the wood and broken . in the pen was stood over the mess that was mouth full of bloody meat . the dead animal ' s throat was torn open her blood across the wall and hay covered floor from where it had been out . it ' t just that though her were eaten into as well . a gaping hole where her gut was still warm and strewn with gore and before i turned away i was fairly sure i saw the part way eaten body of a fetal calf amongst it all . the way she ' d been moving to take each bite and swallow it was quick and erratic nothing like a cow ' s usual lazy . i ' t stomach another look the sound of meat being torn and by blunt teeth the offensive coppery smell of the blood filling my as i not to hyperventilate . it was then i my dad yelling a pitchfork and begun trying to force back from the body and it took him physically her to even get her to step back . speaking loudly he told my mum to call our to come round and bring his rifle . she ran back from the scene in a hurry but i was still frozen as i watched my dad shout and fend back the bloodied animal . with a gross gulping noise and as soon as she had nothing left to chew on she forward towards the corpse again . " hey ! " my dad at her thrusting forward the pronged pitchfork in an effort to scare the cow back but she completely him . she was strong the strength behind her knocking the makeshift weapon out of my father ' s as she forced her way back to the corpse of . when she finally it she immediately bit down again into the pit of the dead cow ' s stomach but when she ' d her mouth it was than i ' d ever seen a cow ' s mouth open before . made this horrid noise like someone with a hoarse breath breathing inwards . . . my dad took a few slow back watching in horror as the terrible feeding continued . i was still stood in the doorway to the barn while this was happening and glancing back to the house i could see my frantic looking mum looking out the window at us from the kitchen on the phone talking to someone who i to be . i my dad mutter something drawing my attention back towards the broken . " what in god ' s name . . . " he ' d gone pale a look of confused disgust and fear on his face . i to follow his gaze and saw it too . i felt the breath leave my shaking body and chest going cold . i ' d before that was pregnant . . . but we could see her belly . it was moving shifting as something was pressing against it from the inside her abdomen becoming visibly and the skin thinner as she fed . . . but the thing pressing against her from the inside . . . it ' t at all look like a calf . it like an arm a hand pushing outwards for a moment . i took a few faltering back but my dad turned to me and storming away from the scene moving past me and to the storage shed . when he re he was carrying a jerry can of petrol and the look on his face was terrifying . . . it was this god anger like he was hellishly intent on what we could both see was so wrong . he right past me into the barn and immediately splashing it on and the the sound of her horrid breathy crunching and still the chamber the thing in her stomach still growing and . the smell of petrol and blood mixed potently as my dad the can out into a trail which led past where i ' d stood away a few from the barn . he closed the and the latch locking it before lighting a match . he for just a second looking at me as if to check what was happening was even real . all i could give him in return was a pale faced pleading expression . he the match which lit an instant tall flame following the trail of gasoline quickly with a dull crackling roar right up to and under the slight gap beneath the barn . it was full of hay and dry wood in there we both knew that soon enough it would be . . . along with whatever it was that was inside . i stepped back as it feeling the heat coming off of it and watching the smoke upwards . i could feel this tension in my chest like i was waiting for something to happen . . . but even as i smelt burning meat the pained bovine i was never came . as i was about to let out the breath i ' d been holding a sudden ungodly . i ran . i ran away as the sound burst forth from the flaming barn even as my dad stood firm outside the barred i ran as i the horribly pained mix of animal and human from inside the inferno . i ' t take any more . i ' d ran inside the house straight to the bathroom in front of the toilet and was sick . it was before the fire burned out . there was nothing left of the barn but wood and ash and the of the . i don ' t think i ' ever be able to feel safe out here again though because my dad told me something that i ' never forget for as long as i live . he saw something escape the fire . he was by my side since i was eight old so it weird to not see him . overall i suppose i m relieved he d become erratic and i was worried he might hurt me but still . . . i miss him . i can t help it . i first saw him in the dentist s office . when i was a i had a rare form of for some reason or another i was growing a couple of extra teeth behind my upper . i guess it sometimes not really a big deal but they removing . i don t know what kind of they gave me but the anxiety i d throughout the day quickly melted and soon my only concern was trying not to laugh and disrupt the dentist s work . i t really feel my mouth at all . i just sank back in the cushioned chair and watched the bright swimming around in the ceiling enjoying the cool clean air of the office . i fell asleep . when it was done i sat up but i was still pretty . i remember my mum s firm grip on my shoulder . while the dentist washed her and the nurse went to find a sticker to reward my bravery i an extra person in the room who s that ? i whispered . my mum my gaze to the corner . where ? that man in the corner . she once more then knowingly the medicine doctor gave you was strong . you might see some that t real for a while like a waking dream . you can get some rest in the car and by the time we re home you be back to normal . sweetheart ? i he s not really there ? . i don t see anyone . we . i got a cool sticker with a lion on it . xb when i got home he was still hanging around in the corner of every room i into . he was always perfectly still he t run from one room to the next but rather as soon as i into the kitchen he was waiting by the window and when i back the living room was empty . now the were wearing off he t seem so funny . his were tight away from his teeth and as though he was wearing an invisible dental retractor like the one i d worn a few prior . i t dare approach him in case i caught his attention . his wide were locked ahead they never around to in he t seem aware of his surroundings at all . the worst part was knowing he t supposed to be there . my family were acting as normal my dad was finishing dinner my brother was to my mum about some unreasonable homework assignment and there i was up this monstrous intruder . i tried to hide the truth of my residual but i must have . when my mum me what was wrong i burst into and to my madness . she made a call to the dentist then my hair and told me sometimes the effects of the anesthetic a little longer but there was nothing to worry about . i went to bed early . when i woke up he was still there and all day he me around my home my school into he in the corner of every room . outside he would appear at once out of sight from the side of the road to the far end of a field . every morning i took a deep breath before i my and cried out when i found he was still there . my assured me he would disappear so i did my best to ignore him . i t take it though i had a bit of a breakdown one afternoon walking in the countryside with my dad . something about the sight of him within the of the woodland just set me off . xb my always and about the situation calmly but of course they were on brave for me . after three of me losing sleep and refusing to go anywhere alone they made an appointment with a child psychiatrist . i really doctor he his about my condition to me in simple language and even me what i thought . he knew that sometimes the best way to talk to a is to forget that they re a altogether . my biggest fear was that i was incurably crazy and the man in the corner was just the start i worried my life was ruined but doctor my condition like a puzzle he was eager to solve instead of a black cloud on the horizon . he to the imaginary man as my friend or guest so as to make him less threatening . i remember him talking about schizophrenia and sleep paralysis but not much of the . after a few he a conclusion i remember what he said to my we could try her on medication but i think it do more harm than good . we all of cognitive therapy but the idea of him is really ingrained . i think the best thing we can do is wait . you can t make him go away ? i cut in my voice trembling . this was what i was most afraid of i felt like i t breath with him there . to read my mind . that t mean you have to go on feeling . my idea is that instead of trying to force your friend out we just practice thinking about him differently . at our next session he have you ever at your friend up close ? i shook my head firmly i stay away . if i your hand do you think we could go take a closer look at him ? of course i but i felt safe with and my desire to prove myself brave and in control won . we slowly towards the corner where he stood . my guest was a full grown man just a little younger than my dad . except for being a hallucination he was unremarkable he was average height and build had dull brown hair forgettable bone structure and pasty skin almost the same bleak white yellow pink as the whites of his and exposed inner mouth . when we his line of sight i the doctor s hand like a vice . sorry . no problem i braced myself and stepped right up to him . my friend had always lifeless as a mannequin from a distance but up close i could see his chest rise and fall with silent . i was right in front of him but it was obvious he t seeing me . the were dead glazed over . i could see a wet film on his and of saliva on his and the of the teeth . he was horrible . i to run right out of the office but i d long since learned he d be waiting in the next room anyway . i to push myself to my . hello ! i waved a hand before his face but nothing . i studied him some more . he so solid so real . it was hard to believe the doctor t see him . we stood there for maybe twenty while i some of the psychiatrist s . first try just your guest . you know he can t hurt you so try him it get easier over time i promise . i think after you learned to tolerate him you reach a point where you don t even think about him . then eventually he s just going to disappear . when ? maybe a few maybe a few there s no way to be sure . the only thing i m going to guarantee is this you re going to be fine . he s not real so what s there to worry about ? i t so sure he would go away but i was convinced he was a stupid hallucination and nothing more . i understood he t hurt me first in just a rational sense it took a little longer to actually believe it but after a while i . it s amazing what you can get used to . after a year i just t have any left to waste on him other were on my mind growing up . xb i can t remember exactly when as in how old i was when it but one day i my friend s were closed . i probably only his way once every few i d gotten into the habit of my drift past him he d never before so he no interest . he could have been asleep for already and i d simply not . i right up to him and his horrible face . the exposed teeth and were still a little creepy but had lost most of their effect on me . the once manic were with heavy still peaceful . the rise and fall of his chest . i if this was some subconscious symbol of his ineffectual dormant state . maybe this was a sign he d disappear soon . in the end he t but there were no more either not until i was in my early s . xb i t as passionate about as some of my university but i was up for anything happy to try anything new . i would take a good drag on any my way and occasionally chipped in for some on a night out i tried once but t into it . one night in my first year i went out to a in the far east of town and took a substantial number of . then after an argument with a friend i left early . a taxi would be expensive and i was full of energy anyway i decided to walk home . i then decided to run . i was the time of my life grinning like a and to watch the bounce . i waved to my old imaginary friend every time i saw him on a corner it was a bit too dark to see him in a mile i how thirsty i was but it was late and the were closed . after another mile i there was a cloud illuminated by the glow of all the and i half knew it was cloud but mostly saw a fabulous swan with for . by some miracle i to get home in one piece . i a few of water and into bed . the next morning i woke with a hideous headache . looking around the room i confirmed i t lost my bag my phone then my fell on my guest and i . for the first time in over a decade his were open and he was staring directly at me . it shook me but i t panic . it was like finding weird rash on your skin maybe something to have a doctor check but not a cause for alarm . i got on with my day . i looking over at him more regularly . he t aged with me he was exactly the same as the day we met . his would follow me around the room . he watched me eat he watched me in the shower he watched me sleep . it was unsettling but once i d confirmed his and neck were the only thing that it his new t seem too drastic . the only reason i could think of for his change was the dehydration . the only thing this change in my guest and his initial appearance had in common was my own state of mind . seeing another psychiatrist like a waste of time . all doctor had was to alleviate my fear and suffering and my guest was working up until i around with my consciousness again . i decided to adopt the same approach as the first time . i my guest the best i could drank to calm myself every night for a week then got on with my life . xb in my final year of university my housemate josh if i to do with him he d collected a huge bag of them from some field near his and dried them . in those two since my hallucination had up he t done anything new . in fact it might have been my imagination but his neck to have and his kind of droopy . he t a threat for so long that it t occur to me that a drug was a terrible idea . i was stupid . we sat on a picnic blanket in a quiet park and took them they tasted like dirt . the trip with just a little extra flair to the natural phenomena around me . i the way the grass to dance for my personal enjoyment and the pinched the sunlight into different . a breeze picked up and i watched a happy leaf trail light behind it as it rode the wind . as it flew past my guest i his arm was raised . i had thought he was about to fall asleep again so to see his wide and for the first time full of emotion made my heart pound . his arm was with a finger extended pointing up at the sky where a couple of were gliding . i at josh but he was distracted the of his palm carefully . i braced myself and back to my guest . his were so wide they were strangely round white around black where his dilated the . he alive then he actually had an expression on his face . it was harsh and pleading all at once . it was as if to say please stop . before i do something we both regret . but i t stop the chemical was in my . his arm slowly and a dot above with it . i up to see one of the diving like a hawk . his finger continued to trace a large curve down . down . dragging the helpless bird with it . the pigeon hit our picnic blanket with a crunch it fell so hard that it s body ruptured and blood behind it . there were everywhere . what . . . what the ? holy what the ? josh to his at the sky back at the fallen bird completely lost for . i to get up too but my t move . there was a rushing in my . i tried to speak but found my empty . for the first time in my life i had a panic attack . i was in hell heaving and gasping for breath while josh took control of the situation . i remember him saying it s alright . i was pretty too . let s go inside and i make some tea . i got one last look at my guest . he was staring at me with those wild finger still pointed at the dead bird . we back to the house where i sat despondent clinging to a mug of tea and sobbing heavily . once we were indoors the guest was out too his head was neck twisting around to random left and right . left left and right . right and left . josh was trying to make light of what had . but every dark joke about what had driven the bird to suicide was a reminder my hallucination had and we had both the real life consequence . what was he ? i was in a bad way . the next day i my i t concentrate on my i t even unwind with a book or a film . my guest stood in the corner of my room his arms at his sides but his expression still wild . he was as as i was which somehow made worse . i t think could get any worse but they did . i was under the in bed when i the front door slam then josh and making a scene . i crept out to see what the commotion was he was getting with my other you know ! those white with a plastic window for your face like people wear at a crime scene it s short for hazardous . oh i know what you mean . dan said at the park ? yeah ! where we were yesterday he caught sight of me oh there you are ! feeling any better ? yeah a bit . i lied . i was just walking past king s park and i saw police tape off a square of the green . it was exactly where we took the and the bird fell yesterday ! there were a bunch of people in . do you think were was a murder ? i haven t a clue . maybe it was the bird ? he whipped out his phone a bird flu outbreak ? maybe ? though we checked every local news site for we t find anything about king s park . it s possible it was completely unrelated i did live in a dodgy area but it left me even more on edge . i drank a lot that month and the next . it got so bad that my staged a minor intervention . i don t know what i did to deserve such kind as those three who vowed to give up alcohol for a month in solidarity with me . it was josh s genius idea to celebrate our month of sobriety with a crate of lager . was worried it would send me back to where i was but i told her i d be fine and i knew that was the truth . i d down and gotten my focus back . i carried on sober for another month i put my head down and on my degree . i vowed never to touch another drug . xb this year i turned . i live with my of two and i have a job in advertising which i love . at the start of the year i was back to never really thinking about my guest . he was back to being pretty much a statue though his still me around . i told my about him and he was sympathetic but i told him no need . i was just relieved it t scare him off . i ended up the incident with the pigeon down to a coincidence and a blip in my perception of time and sequence . my mind must have filled a false memory to explain the pigeon s fall after it already . since university i haven t touched any illegal at all never mind . i drink in moderation . but that t enough . one last encounter . my wisdom teeth came in a bit late and when they did they were nothing but trouble . long story short i ended up with an infection and they . the dentist said he d use a strong anesthetic . i if there was any way i could go without but he said it was a bad idea . i wish i d . after the procedure i right over at my guest without hesitation . it was better that way like ripping off a plaster . but he was completely unchanged . i carefully . i back and forth in front of him when i got home only the his neck was locked in position . the next morning when i my something was blocking my view . i toss about sometimes in my sleep so i assumed it was a stray pillow . my i saw teeth . i . came running in . a part of me knew i must be him but i t stop screeching and moaning . it was pure fight or flight chaos and for a moment i thought i was gone the rest of my life would surely be spent in an institution . the wide and long exposed teeth were right in front of me no matter which way i turned the apparition it was onto my field of vision . i out instinctively and tried to push him away tried at him but my arms lost all strength and fell limp to my sides each time . i could only see the room around me through my periphery . i caught a glimpse of on my left and his hand . it took a while and i was still in a cold sweat my heart drumming so hard it was painful . . . but i to explain what was happening . i had take me to the hospital . he me get dressed and led me to the car of course my imaginary friend me . his face before me like he was riding on my lap but i t feel any weight . he worse than i d ever seen him . he t the stoic puppet the background character who patiently at the he was menacing . his were up like he was trying to smile around the retractor . his were animated again but it t the sad plea from the park it was joyful in his ability to torment me . we sat in an office of the psychiatric ward . i had my situation to the doctor she had checked my medical history then us to wait . my hand tight and told me it would be he t let anything bad happen to me . though meaningless it was a nice gesture . i could hear the doctor talking on the phone in the next room . i could have sworn i the name . she came back after around fifteen i her chair creak as she sat down at her computer . you said his face was distorted somehow ? his teeth are always exposed with a dental retractor . that s interesting . she said tapping away at the keyboard . what s going to happen to me ? such a simple question made me feel like i was eight old again . we have you out of here today . i for some to come in . your situation is very rare but i have dealt with it before . i knew something was up when she said situation and not condition . i think a part of me knew ever since josh over that dead pigeon . again we . . . it must have been an hour . then i the door open and felt several people rush in . everything that next is hazy . . . the face of my lifelong friend shrank away dragged backwards so i could see a man with thick arms had him by the shoulder then the elbow . my guest and twisted in his grip until a second stranger his other side . he and at them and as he his head back and forward it blurred the of teeth so they too long the pink giving way to more and more bone . i the two bulky men wore long black that went all the way to their . my guest out and a box of medical and a plastic container off the table . i cry out in shock . he why later from his point of view the had suddenly independently like a ghost had with them . a woman almost as tall and muscular as the two men to be in charge . once my friend had been successfully carried out she at me and the psychiatrist then them out the door behind her . where are they taking him ? to a safe place . you know the doctor as though struggling to decide how much she should tell me you know everyone one . we just don t know why yours visible to you . i t know where to begin with that . so instead i will they hurt him ? no . you get him back before . . . well . . . you see him again some day . now i m going to prescribe some . she handed me the paper i m sure this all been quite traumatic . i don t remember much detail after that . i think i d used up all my energy . a man who might have been a police officer to us for a while but t actually talk about what had in any explicit way . i remember some drinking coffee . mostly just sat in silence holding my hand tight . so that was in the summer and i not had any since . i m sure i could get in trouble for speaking publicly about this i t really read the i but . . . it . who ? i miss my old friend . it with little that were easy to write off to forget . the first time i was up late working . i have a demanding job and often put in long in front of a screen . that night i remember glancing at the clock . am . it gave me that panicky feeling i always get when i lose track of time and realize i only have a few left to sleep . my were getting tired and slipping out of focus . i down at a tab on the i was working on doing a final check to make sure the were standardized so that i could close the document and get some much rest . and then i again . the title t just wrong it was wrong in such a strange way that i had trouble understanding how the error had been . the title should have read t data g . instead it said t boo data g . my on the word boo and a loud bang on my glass balcony door nearly made me jump out of my skin . i sat my down stood and towards the balcony to investigate hesitant and rattled . i on the light and the balcony . the source of the sound was lying crumpled on the ground . a bat . it was obvious the creature had itself horribly when it hit the glass and it was not going to live . i live in a country on the peninsula never mind which one next to the sea . the area where i live is quite remote . you can hear desert at night and see and milling around in the dark below my balcony . it is a beautiful wild place but the nearby attract which in turn attract bats . i was grateful to them for eating up the but i really t like them . they were bold quite happy to fly close to people in pursuit of a meal and i had had a few too many close for my liking . i t like the little squeaky they made . or how their and their with little attached . i t like any of it . and yet one was on my porch mortally wounded and thrashing around . i thought it was strange that it had hit the glass at all . t bats supposed to be able to ? in spite of my distaste i felt a pang of sadness for the little guy . i t like the idea of leaving it to suffer but what else was there to do ? i figured it must have been sick or old to have an accident like that . either way i t think it would be smart to touch it . there was no one to call for help at in the morning . and i was exhausted . so i the light off and corrected and saved the title in my . boo . it t make any sense as a typo the b and the o are too far apart . and i had copied and pasted the correct title from one sheet over and over and the relevant for the other . how was that one different ? t i have if i had specifically on that one sheet and something so strange ? i t make sense of it but i decided i was too tired to think about it . i made my way to bed . i m quite an anxious person and my mind very active when i first lay down to sleep . when i m it s usually more intense with my brain strange and rapidly from thought to thought . that night was no different . an unpleasant memory came to me . my ex husband and i had a hamster when we got our first apartment together . . we let roam now and then and one time my ex onto the couch pushing it back a little . he t realize that was under the couch and crushed him horribly . t dead though just suffering squealing and struggling . my ex picked up carried him into the kitchen and his head hard against the . the squealing stopped . at the time i t decide if what my ex had done was brave and kind or really sick . i still t know . but it made me think about the bat on the porch bats diving down to drink from the swimming pool in my complex and scoop up a giant moth i had seen once that was as big as my hand the of troy who always knew when something terrible was about to happen but was never . one dark thought another and before long i found myself in that strange land between sleep and wakefulness where it s difficult to tell delusion from reality . i should mention here that i had a condition for a while that t quite fit the description of any one thing it s not exactly sleep paralysis nor is it head syndrome hearing loud as you re falling asleep it s sort of a mix of . i often have some sort of sensory impression hearing feeling or seeing something as i m on the edge of sleep that clearly t real . i can always shake it off though realize that my weird thing is happening and dismiss it . that night it was different . i felt a hand on my shoulder and a voice hissing at me hey ! i awake and sat up in bed my searching the room . it was than it should have been . i have a little that i always leave on and it was out . i t see a thing but i had this feeling this very certain sense that i was not alone . i picked up my phone and switched on the flashlight and it around my room frantically . i have a four poster bed with and as i the light on one of the i caught a fleeting impression of something dark sort of slithering away at the side of the curtain . but it was gone as quickly as i thought i saw it . the feeling and i . you been working too hard i said aloud reaching to turn my back on . i convinced myself that being locked up alone in my apartment and the long i was in at work were the . i decided i to get some more rest connect with people more take better care of myself . i told myself a lot of sensible and i fell asleep . that night i dreamt of a dark man hanging in a dead tree upside down like a bat . he was cloaked in who their dingy when he . he was screaming as though he was being tortured but when i at him he . that was the first night . the next morning i found a cluster of around the dead bat s corpse at it and little of flesh . i thought about interrupting their meal and cleaning up the mess then thought better . the would clean up for me and i figured the dead bat was better off in their than in a . i left them to it . nothing for days after that . life was quiet and routine . lots of work and catching food sleep and where i could . prior to the virus which was very strict in the country where i live my job was a hybrid position mostly remote with occasional in person days and when there was a need . after the virus hit my department fully remote which me just fine at first . the more or less with the end of my marriage . my husband and my son returned to the us and i stayed behind . i to keep my boy with me but it just t practical . need more than one person around to look after them . it made more sense for him to be around our cluster of family and in than alone with me . i the constantly . i t miss my ex exactly but i did miss the presence of another adult that intangible thing where you always know there s another pair of and around when get . i had married and a family young so i had never lived alone . to be frank i was really enjoying the freedom and apart from missing my son i was content . or at least i was content up until all the strange happening . it s all starting to mix in my mind a little bit now but little came next . little that would have been unremarkable in isolation but together did not sit right with me . my cat went mental . i had never him to sleep in the bedroom with me before and he had never but after that first night he we would sit outside my door scratching to be let in . i t relent and set up a comfy cat bed for him in the guest room and shutting him in for the night . other were pretty random . i found a little lizard in my house slipper one morning . it was a species i had never seen around before dark black with white . my weird thing at bedtime got more intense happening almost every night . it often as though someone was walking around my bedroom or moving furniture just a little bit someone my vanity table or pushing my a little to the side . i m sure it odd that my about the are so specific but those were my . more up in my for work . i can t remember all of them and they were just that t belong like hello or no . i always them and on sufficient time and desire to really ponder how bizarre the situation was . so i kept going with life as though everything was normal . and i did try to do all of the sensible i told myself i should do on that first night when i was . i got more exercise made more time to prepare healthy food for myself and set a nightly cut off time for work and a bedtime for myself . i spoke to my more often . looking back i think that my decision to ignore the strange that were happening was a sort of defense mechanism i felt the danger of looking at the darkness too closely so i tried to fill my time with positive productive instead . then came the day that made the situation impossible to ignore any longer . i have a housemaid who comes in twice a week to tidy up and do my laundry and . she s been looking after me for two and frankly i probably t have without her after my family left . i was far too busy with my job to worry about the housekeeping . the situation almost certainly would have lapsed into chaos without her . i could tell she genuinely about me and her work and i the way she put thought and care into simple everyday . we worked around each other quite well and had our little and so when i her i knew that something unusual had . i the of distress and found my maid and my cat in the staring at the ceiling . was hissing and my maid was a broom batting at the opening in the ceiling where the light fixture used to be . it was a gaudy thing glass and common in the country where i live and it was on the floor . were pouring out of the hole in the ceiling and fluttering around the room wildly . batting at the low and some more . madam i did not touch it ! my maid said reaching to pick up the cat by his scruff and backing up . it fell on its own ! she closed the door and on the ground . we stood in silence for a moment in the dark hallway . at the door and and the maid caught her breath . when she turned to me to speak again her dark were solemn . madam there is something very bad in this home . they re just i said lamely willing my heart to slow down . i do not like . not just no it s something bad more she . i will clean them and make a good tea for us . maybe it will help the bad go away . this was not a new idea for her . i got early in the pandemic and she left a spicy pungent jug of tea outside my door every day certain that it would cure me . it t make me feel any worse and the to help my raw throat so i drank it . though the idea that tea would be of any help under the i . that was a few days ago and have only gotten worse . i have no idea what is happening to me to my home and i m not sure where else to turn for help . i d bought fake before . one i got from the older brother of a friend with whom i a very passing resemblance . it was thrown in the cash register by the clerk at gas station never to be seen again . another i got from a senior at my school who to do the best work in town . he t . that one was by the manager at tobacco outlet plus . then there was the one i tried to make myself . i t even get an opportunity to use that one . it was taken by the police when the party i was at got busted . you d think an unlucky young man such as myself would just throw in the towel and wait the five until i turned since being able to walk confidently into a liquor store and out with a case of beer in my hand clearly t in the right ? well my t raise a quitter . i was standing outside sunrise liquor with my friend luke excuse me sir ing as in excuse me sir i forgot my id at home could you possibly grab me and my also over year old friend who coincidentally also does not have his id on him a case of beer ? i pay you extra for your trouble . it worked exactly as much as you d expect . we were about ready to call the operation a bust when a man up to us from the alley behind the liquor store dressed in a nice suit with a touch of silver in his hair and a toothpick in his mouth . like you are some trouble . he said his voice somehow simultaneously gruff and silky almost like two people talking at once . ha yeah you could say that . i looking at luke who kept his trained on the man . is there any chance you i d be happy to . the man cut me off . i can imagine being a just trying to have some fun . what re you looking to get ? just like . . . a pack of keystone ? i said incidentally posing it as a question . i see you like the good stuff . the man . yeah i . i to thank the man as i into my pocket for the money but he stopped me . you pay me when i get back out here with your stuff . it your way will get you off . i be right back . the man into the liquor store . luke that there was something strange about the man and he t wrong . he t outwardly threatening or anything be it in personality or appearance he was just . . . almost too nice but not in a perverted way ? it s difficult to explain . after a few the man returned with our beer . he it to me for my cash even going so far as to provide me with as close to the proper amount of change as he could make . thanks a lot man . we really appreciate it . i said as luke and i to turn to walk the short distance to where he d his car . i don t know why you put yourself through this ! the man out before we were too far away . we turned back around to hear him better . why don t you just get a fake id ? luke much to my embarrassment . i haven t had the best luck with them . i back . take down my number . when you can get the money together you shoot me a text we get you set up . he said pointing his toothpick at me as if to add theatricality to his proposal . and so i did . i was told the fake id he would provide me with would cost use my picture and work if it were by any store employee . on top of that money t change until i had a chance to see the final product . i had a little money saved up and the rest i got together from two from my part time job at . i the purchase by considering how i could effectively become the main distributor of alcohol for my school and recoup my money something luke agreed with . a week and a half after we first met i the man from the alley behind sunrise . he instructed me to have a picture of me taken and to do so following the same set of the which he provided me . once i did that luke and i met him by sunrise again and i gave him the picture . upon our final meeting the man informed me that he would be me to leave my phone with him as collateral while i went in to use the id as a test and t want to spring that condition on me when we met to make the exchange . he he d been burnt before and while he me he had to think as a businessman . he said it gave people the choice between a fake id and or a fake id and a phone which likely much more than anyways . he assured me that while he might be in an illegal business every word he ever said to me would be the truth . two days following that quick meeting i met the man there once again this time alone as luke was at work . this time the man t in his typical well suit but rather a red t shirt and jeans not identical but certainly similar to my own that great think alike and that i had a good sense of style . nevertheless i was finally handed the most legitimate fake id i d ever seen . the name on the id was and the address was one on the other side of town from where i actually lived . it had all the necessary and other security and to be in perfect order . take it for a spin ! the man . it works you pay me . it t i buy you whatever you need myself and get to work on finding a new career i m actually good at . i agreed but as i turned to walk into the store he stopped me . ! ah i always feel like such a dick but the phone ? oh right . i was apprehensive but everything up to that point had been on the level and it really honestly did make sense . i like to think that if i were in the business of selling new to i d have a similar policy . so i handed him my phone into sunrise liquor with a hope and a prayer and a fake id and out with a pack of keystone . i returned to the man who stood in the alley with a warm smile . are we good ? he in his most chipper tone yet . yeah man . worked perfectly ! thank you i really appreciate it . i set the beer down and dug in my back pocket for half the money and each sock for the total of the half and handed it over . sorry if it s sweaty . i just figured i had to be careful t it could smell like dog and baby had a baby of their own and i d take it even smelly money ! he as he gave me back my phone . i was put off by the odd comment for a moment but it quickly . alright well if any of your need a fake you know who to call . the man said . for sure i definitely let you know . thanks again . have fun with your new life . it was the last thing he said to me before he turned around to walk away . at that same moment something . i can t really explain what it was . imagine how long it to blink your eye now divide that by a thousand . i honestly don t even know how i it were it not for what i likely t have it at all . as the man away i out to him saying i d never gotten his name considering i was unsure of him and he likely of me i felt it more appropriate to let him remain anonymous but after our successful transaction i felt confident in . instead of me he just slightly turned his head and let out a nearly inaudible ha through his nose . i figuratively my picked up my beer and making my way to luke s to wait for him to get off work . because i was such a regular presence i d been given my own key and permission to be in the house when luke or anybody t home . that day however as i turned the corner to his street i saw luke s s car sitting in the driveway . this was a welcome circumstance as being in their house when no one else was there always made me a little uncomfortable . i through the front door and made my way down the hallway and into the kitchen wherein sat the door to the basement which had been as luke s bedroom once we made our way into high school . but as i the kitchen luke s turned around and in an instant the typical warm smile i was always with fell into a look of pure fear . oh my god . p please don t hurt me take whatever you want . she said as up in her . i wha . . . i i t know what to say . luke s kept her trained on me while her right hand frantically traversed the behind her all while i stood there in shock completely unsure of what was happening . then her hand found a knife . she it out in front of her trembling . i what . ! what th what are you doing ? ! i . get out ! ! she so loud it me to drop the case of beer . she then took a few short shaky to her left and used her other hand to pick her cell phone up from the counter all while staring figurative daggers into me and pointing the literal one . i m calling the police ! don t you come any closer i will ! ! ! in my shock i forgot the beer and rushed out of my best friend s house . as i hurried down the street towards my own house a few away i out my phone and luke . hello ? he said after a few . dude your just out on me . she a knife on me and basically me out of your house ! there was a short silence . who is this ? he seemingly genuinely confused . what the what do you mean who is this it s nick ! your just a knife on me ! . . . either nick s another level or you got the wrong number . good luck though up ! luke then hung up the phone . what the ? ! i through teeth then luke the same exasperation . after a short walk i found myself walking up to my front door . i the home i d lived in since i was born and made my way to my room . i sat down on my bed and for luke to text me back . i meant to tap but the tremble in my made me accidentally tap the phone icon up my contact list at the very top of which should have said nick last name my card but it t . it said a different name . a name i would come to be very familiar with . ben hallman . i would come to learn that my card had been switched with that of ben hallman s . before i had a chance to investigate further my door and everything spinning . i was standing across the small room from myself looking exactly as i had not prior . there was no standoff no argument nothing . the other me simply a toothpick from his at me dad ! ! dad help ! ! and violently his forehead into the doorframe immediately sending blood pouring from the wound as he laid on the floor between my room and the hallway . what next was a blur . i remember my dad screaming in terror as he saw his son on the floor with a pool of blood forming around him . i remember my dad s coming down the hall but i don t remember seeing him come into the room . i remember his though . i remember him me into my bedroom floor until i was unconscious something i think i let just . . . happen because i was frozen . i remember the ambulance and i remember the . i remember and of telling everyone the truth of what had really of how i d gone to a liquor store as a year old and left it as a man in his early s with silver in his hair and i remember everyone looking at me like i was an idiot . i can t say i blame them . i remember looking in the mirror and seeing me the true year old me but several people to describe me and getting the exact description of the man from the liquor store . i remember getting so fed up and that i threw up . i remember the entire court process which was really over before it even . but most of all i remember the day of . i was painted as a dangerous man who a year old child and it was determined that i t simply crazy as luke had truthfully that he and nick had met me at the liquor store three times and it was that after one of these i had them back to luke s house and upon realizing nick t live there i went to his house to attack him . as if to add insult to injury my wife that in the leading up to the incident i had been acting strange . that i d been spending an excessive amount of money and that i had had such an extreme increase in sex drive that she was worried for her safety . the worst part of it all when nick took the stand before the judge the sentence down . when he was up there he spoke to the court pleading for mercy on behalf of his attacker that this was a situation he just to put behind him and that he t want it to ruin my life completely . but while he spoke to the court he had a different conversation with me simultaneously . in my voice from his mouth but the voice that i d spoken to those times at the liquor store in my head for our own personal . this is fun t it ? it s my second favorite part . watching you lose all hope that you get out of this . knowing that these stupid t going to give a about what i m telling them right now . they hate you . and they should you re an . it t enough to contribute to the delinquency of a minor you had to crack their grapefruit open too ? for shame sir ! he . but you know what my favorite part is ? i tell you . it s fantastic . my favorite part about all of this is that it s not even close to over . i m going to run around as you for a little while sure . i mean i have to assume there s some at your school . now that you got this scar on your noggin sympathy sex should be a cinch . but i figure i get tired of that at some point right ? eventually i want to do the no pants dance with someone a little more experienced . if and when that time comes i figure out a way to swap with your dad and when i do you he will suddenly have an accident . oh ! i mean i won t give a but your is grieve and let me tell you grief is a powerful aphrodisiac . listen to me when i tell you this ? when i m your dad the i m do to your would give your . i my teeth so hard i thought they might shatter inside my mouth . and then when she s just a beat down used up shell of her former self she commit a good old fashioned murder suicide ! the are endless my boy . might even just have your dad take a header and take your on a tour of all the truck and back on this side of the country ! whew ! this really been some of my best work seriously . so i mean . . . it or whatever but imagine being the one who handed his paint brushes while he worked on the chapel ! you you you piece of ! ! i sprang up from my chair despite my being to the table and my to the floor . i kill you do you hear me ? ! i rip your head off ! ! i the courtroom with these and similar and while the bailiff and other further restrained me . on the stand the fake me . were in his and his lip . but in my head this t have been farther from his demeanor . ! you idiot . you absolute moron . i can t believe that worked . so easy . i as the led me away . but hey one last thing do you remember what i told you ? every word i ever say to you will be the truth . have fun . maybe i come visit you sometime . maybe not . maybe i just let you wonder if every night is be the night someone comes into your cell to have some fun . and maybe every time you get out i switch you again and get you back in there make you a frequent flyer the in there could use a friend ! his laugh was . he his tongue twice in my head . bye . and it was over . i was to in prison of which i . the man from the liquor store never came to visit me but i have to assume that it s only because he was busy making good on all of his he to me in that courtroom . as a stipulation of my sentence was that i not contact my in any way i left prison and only then came to learn that the worst of what he d me he d do paled in comparison to what he actually did . he certainly told the truth . . . he did all of those but he did so . . . so much more . and now i live life as a man of ish with a felony record mourning a family i m not legally to have anything to do with the knowledge that i never have any kind of revenge and the knowledge that it could have been so so easily . i just some beer . part one two three xb xb she up then her own question . . . . i m go . wait i say . she in her . what ? can you take me there ? she at me with red puffy . her face is a mask of confusion . disbelief . excuse me ? the cabin i mean . " i lean forward in my chair . " can you take me to the callous man ? xb i never been a fan of the . call it a bad childhood experience . call it being an out of shape . i m even less of a fan when i m stuck through them for work and yet it like work a sick sense of humor because i find myself in these of and sticks more often than i d like . which for the record is never . well except for today . it s a long time before we reach the cabin . the girl said it took her and her friend eight . well it us twelve . my best days are behind me unfortunately but luckily i don t need to be very fit for what i m about to do . i still don t understand why you t have just the map " " i told you exactly how to get to because i say still breathless from the hike . this cabin t exist on a map . you can point it out to me all you want on your but unless you re right beside me i never see it . it s just the way the callous man works . she her at me . you keep saying that name . why do you call him the callous man ? i pull open the door of the cabin and instantly it like and dead . great . i call him the callous man i say across the creaky because that s his name . it s the name the first person that ever him him with and so it is the name with which i refer to him . the first person ? yeah i say stepping into the bedroom . me . the floor is a mess covered in what s left of s tent . a small device a few away and i figure it s probably her locator beacon . on she in the doorway behind me . you re the first person you saw the crea the callous man ? i nod bending down and up one of the photo she d . dusting it off i hold it up to her . this is my grandpa and i showing off our before going deer hunting . she . . her gaze at the picture then back at me . on second glance you two really do share a resemblance . you and he look so much alike . yeah i suppose we do . i toss the frame onto the ground . you lived here ? . my grandpa lived here . what the hell . . . she her voice trailing off . this whole thing so bizarre . it to be a nightmare . it can t be real . i flip the water bottle full of black grime in my catching it with a smile . you re preaching to the choir lady . if i had to guess i probably hope i wake up from this even more than you do . unlike you " she with a glare . " i don t have any secret agent training or whatever . unlike me you got my gun . the only training you need is to point and shoot and not hit me with the . she taps my revolver strapped to her thigh . it was the sole condition of her joining me on this little woodland excursion that she to be the one who the gun . i told her that s fine with one stipulation remember " i say . " don t touch that thing unless the callous man s already you into his big mouth . i don t need you shooting me before i finish my business . what if he ' s you ? she . i deal with it . you deal with an eight foot tall monster with nothing but your bare ? the water bottle in my grip . just trust me on this . i m a professional . i place my hand on the and look out over the clearing out past the . the sun s turned a golden red . soon it be night . nervous ? i ask her . what do you think ? she . you better be as good as you say you are . the way she the way she and the way she touching the revolver on her thigh tell me everything i need to know . she s . relax i say . save the anxiety for when our deer friend up . i chuckle at my joke but it goes clear over her head . she one of the chair s from the living area into the bedroom with me . she down on it rigid and straight . i m almost of her . sure she was only willing to accompany me with a magnum strapped to her thigh but she still chose to do it she chose to get revenge for what thing did to her . what it did to her friend . almost there i mutter . my follow the sun as it behind the . stretch out the cabin in thin of darkness . he be here soon . pass then and then begin to change . it with a crow taking flight and i already know he s coming . i can feel him . a family of follow bounding through the clearing . soon the entire forest is past us far away from the callous man and the death he . i pop a piece of spearmint gum and start . it me focus . you ready ? why ? she shooting up from the chair . is he here ? does it make a difference ? you ' re either ready or you ' re not . " she at me but her body . i ' m ready . are you sure you can kill him ? a mad mixture of impatience and nervousness in my stomach . i toy with the idea of lying . it d put her at ease . then i decide it t matter . both of us are in too deep . no . no ? she incredulously . she from her chair rounding on me . you said you were professional ! " i am . you told me you dealt with a hundred different ! i have . her mouth but no come out . she at me with something between disbelief and absolute loathing . she i our death . i m not going to lie to you i say . i dealt with a lot of . some bad some worse . i know this job inside and out and i don t plan on dying today but the callous man is different . how ? he s i catch myself . we re on the precipice and there s no going back but there s still that can upset the operation . i exercise some tact . he s powerful . he can distort this world and manipulate . it s why i you here it s why i your link . he chose you . the callous man gave you the key to his world and only you but he never said you t bring . she her head . she s trying to piece it together bless her heart she s trying her best but there s not enough to make sense of it and that s intentional . it ' s by design . i need her obedient not unruly . everything on her . i don t understand . why did he choose me ? the sun its descent its red orange fading to darkness . i flick my flashlight on holding it up to the window and watching the clearing with bated breath . the callous man is coming . he chose you because of the life you live " i explain . " the you represent . it something to him . i represent ? what like honesty and integrity ? " she like it ' s a joke . " what could they mean to a monster like that ? i smirk . they mean you taste delicious . the night is still . silent . just as she there s no of life except this time there s no storm either . it s a cloudless sky without so much as a breeze and i can almost hear s heart beating out of her chest . ha ha she sarcastically . she s close enough behind me now that i can feel her breath on my neck . she really is . what do those actually mean to it ? to him " i correct . " believe it or not that monster really is a man . when you become as powerful as he is though food meaning what it to you and i . it s less about and more about filling a void . it s trying to supplement its diet with that it s missing . why ? to become better . to cure itself . there s movement in the clearing and my breath as i see it a set of crooked . they rise from the bramble soon revealing a face covered by matted black hair one with a tiny snout and a halo of dark beady . the glimmer in the beam of my flashlight . it to stop being a monster ? she her voice thick with disbelief . it s eating people to save itself ? ! i hiss . my are wide and my mouth is split into the grin i worn in . he s here . i sense her tense up behind me but to her credit she t the revolver on her thigh . she her cool . i grip the water bottle reaching a hand to its cap . no . i pull my hand away myself that i need to keep my cool too . it s still too soon . the callous man can still escape . fade away . i need him . at the edge of the clearing the man to his full height . i can see clearly now his dark fur chest and his long thin resting on the ground . his bird like begin a slow march forward their digging at the loamy earth . he s coming i say taking a step back . stay behind me . directly behind me . she t speak but i know she s nodding . i hear her creak on the in concert with my own . my play at the cap of the water bottle . everything comes down to this . forty of horror and misery have led me to this moment . a snickering sound the air . the man s moving faster now each footstep coming at the pace of a light jog . there s hardly any time left but still i wait . he s coming from behind me . she s . her hand at my shoulder and i grunt shaking her off . don t i tell her . relax . we re almost done here . my heart . seeing the monster again after all these is dredging up old and the little boy to take hold inside of me . my are thick with sweat . it over on all . its armada of connect with my own while its crooked sway in concert with its powerful body . of earth burst out from behind it its long tearing at the ground with each stride . it . ! it at the window . for a moment time to stop . i stare at the creature i used to know so well . its inhuman face back at me and inside of it i see an insatiable hunger . a need to feed . my body my blood goes cold . terror me as its reach outward passing through the window while its vocal chitter in anticipation . it me . i lunge to the side . it with its piercing her stomach and the bedroom in blood . her body against the wall with a sickening crunch and there in a broken whimpering heap . i stay as quiet as i can . the callous man his tangle of black hair and around himself . first to me then to her . then back to me . . my begin untwisting the cap of the water bottle . it s too soon . i need him distracted . i need him feeding and but i don t think i have an option . it toward me . the floor . my mouth dry my twitchy . fear root in my chest and the little boy inside to take hold . no . i have to on . i open the water bottle and my mouth stuttering the . t the callous man himself . his back arches and his tiny snout to open growing and . of a hundred echo from the void inside of him their arms reaching toward me desperate to draw another into their nightmare . gal i continue the but there s no time . they re so close . he s so close . i press myself as far against the corner as i can but still i feel their cold grip on my leg . they pull . they re strong . my balance goes out from under me and i fall on my ass . it ' t supposed to happen like this . she the he . her not me . i keep speaking the incantation . i keep moving my but now my body s acting on instinct on learned behavior . i can t so much as think as i slip further and further into the abyssal darkness of the callous man s . i keep speaking the but my voice is by the of the dead . screaming . howling . begging . the incantation is all i have left . it s not enough . it s taking too long . a deafening bang out interrupting the chorus of screaming . the callous man its jaw sliding across the floor and its body writhing in agony . it to the side and then two more pierce the night . it to its . i can see behind him now . i can see s bloody heap . one of her is snapped backwards and her white shirt is torn at her stomach with of her falling out of the hole . blood from her mouth like a fountain and in her trembling she the revolver . thank you i breathe rising to my on shaky . thank you another blast of the hand gun and this time my are ringing like church . i stumble to the side and in the dim light of my lantern i see a bullet hole in the wall beside me . i barely have time to look back at her before agony through my thigh and i collapse onto the bedroom floor . bitch ! my clutch the wound instinctively . i don t need to look at it to feel the warm wetness of blood through my . i gaze up at her and she the magnum at me . i was so close . so close . forty of this and i m undone by a . do it i growl . death by a bullet t a bad way to go all considered . do it before he both of us ! she the revolver and fall from her . she s choking on a word but all that s coming out is a torrent of blood . it s fine . i know what she to say . i did it because it was the only way i explain through teeth . one of us always had to die but if it was me then it meant we both did . her body s in shock . she s still moving her mouth but it s just blood now . no . only blood . her face is pale and glassy eyed but i only see it for another moment before the callous man to rise . . he s snickering but it s violent . angry . his gaze at me . the are casting twisted in the light of my lantern and it s making him seem even more unnatural . more inhuman . . he turns away from me . he turns to . guz rea i whisper . un shan . his groan on the rotting cabin . i don t see but i hear the gurgle of blood . i hear the desperate shuffle of her body pushing itself against the wall . i hear a gunshot ring out . then another . the march forward and so does my incantation . the water bottle s shaking in my grip now the fluid in a murky . nul . another shot . ra . rea tha . a cacophony of . set kil ona . loa . loose on the hand gun twice more and then the firearm impotently . she s burned through every round that it . it t enough . it never could be . my keep moving even as i hear her body being dragged across the floor . the ancient language out of me and i m deaf to the of her flesh being and torn her limb being inch by inch . she needs to on . her role in this t over yet . i speak the final . set ! the water bottle from my grip the murky fluid inside into a dark cloud twisting around the room like a tornado of smoke . i hear the screaming falter then i hear the callous man lurch around snickering in confusion . i hear groan . she s a fighter . good . it the cloud only a handful of to coalesce into the monster i ever seen but in that moment it like a lifetime . its form snaps and with of electricity . its twelve glow an impossible blue . upon its six muscled arms are heavy linking to a choker on its neck and its face in fury . this time i have your soul little man . i enjoy it over a glass of your misery ! i let a grin slip across my . for the first time since the callous man i feel my sense of humor . sorry to disappoint but i summon you by of an offering . the genie s furrow and his mouth to reveal a row of jagged teeth . i see no living here save for one . he s smiling . he an arm out to grab me but as soon as his brush my throat they hiss and steam . he . she s your offering i say pointing past the callous man to s body . now obey my command . a cacophony of interrupt us . the callous man s have and once more a hundred arms reach from the maw this time toward the newcomer . they grasp at the genie through the gaseous image . his voice dropping to a low growl . very well . the are spoken . a soul for a soul . his body in two the callous man and in front of . she s nearly dead . she s confused . she t understand what s happening . i given her a mercy . will treat her soul better than the callous man ever would . the genie s hand out to touch her and in the next instant her body is gone . only the remain . the callous man back to me its jaw scraping along the floor . it there s nothing in the genie to consume . it what s inside of me though . it the of its humanity . it revenge . it a heavy step toward me . then another . the are deafening but i know i don t need my voice to be . a command is a command . for her soul i want his . the pale reach out from the abyssal maw grasping my and i let them . my body to the floor . it toward the of the beast . toward damnation . then light the room and the cabin with the low bass of eternity itself . the screaming to a whimper . then after a loud pop it s gone . everything s gone . the callous man . the cabin . i m alone laying in a dark field my lantern illuminating a clearing of grass with tall surrounding it . my thigh my mouth is and my conscience is in . but i m alive . i m always alive . soon you have our contract a hissing voice scraping along my inner ear . it s everywhere and nowhere . i taken ninety three for you . only seven more to go . yeah yeah . i it before i say with a groan . now hand over my soul . there s a swirl of smoke and the frowning genie before me . he snaps a finger on one of his six arms and a vial filled with murky purple fluid . the man never deserved this he . he was your own blood . don t lecture me i say reaching for the vial . you and i both know he was never supposed to turn into that . the genie back gazing at the vial . what is meant to be and what comes to pass are two different . you shield yourself in the delusion of intention . he me in a snaking ribbon of smoke his face near my ear . you forced that destiny on the man . he had no desire to participate in your war . yeah well none of us do . and yet it s coming anyway . something a seat in my gut . regret maybe ? remorse ? it s an ugly feeling whatever it is . i blame it on the woman . why t she just kill me ? no i think to myself . shake it off . i ' got more important to worry about . " the vial " i growl holding my hand out . " i think i may have " staring at the vial with curiosity . " a soul for a soul such is the of our contract and yet . . . " i swallow and it like sandpaper . when ' s the last time i had something to drink ? " you got your soul now give me mine . " my voice . . my voice . the genie ' s twelve swivel their gaze to me . a smile across its . when he his voice is quiet . unsettling . " i count over a hundred in this vial . " my heart against my . . " that ' s not fair ! " i shout trying to rise to my but my thigh in pain and i fall back to earth . " i only for his soul ! i never for the he . " " and yet they are still a part of him . " " please " it can ' t end here . " be reasonable . " " reasonable ? " the genie and his form becomes massive . lightning sparks around him and the wind into a gale threatening to unseat me from the ground . " you chain me to this earth for turn me into a common reaper for your own and you confine me to a water bottle ! you speak of reason to me ? " " i did what i had to ! " i bellow . " a war is coming and we need these ! we need an army ! " " your petty war nothing to me . " a long finger toward me and a red aura around it . sparks crackle at its tip . then slowly reluctantly he it back into a fist . " i am however a reasonable being . " my breath in my chest as i on the monster ' s every word . " you have broken the of our contract but i have also willingly your wish . for that i will give you a compromise little human . " compromise ? that ' s good . it ' s better than nothing . " what ? " ' s glint . " one month . " " one month ? " " settle your . prepare for your war . one month from now i ' take the soul i ' of for . i ' spend the next century you out of my teeth . " i sigh falling back onto the grass . it ' s better than i could expect all considered . i ' m the cosmic ' t just scoop me up right then and there . fine print . " fine " i say . " can you get me out of here ? " he turning into formless smoke . " a soul for a soul . no more no less . " he like a mad tornado of shadow howling and roaring and a moment later he s gone back into the water bottle . . like i ' m finding my own way down . once more i try to rise to my and once more i wince in pain and fall to the earth . damn . the revolver did good work on my thigh . no she did . the woman at my . her resolve . her strength . her . she could tell a story . she ' s gone now but there ' s still a story that needs to be told and i ' m running out of time to tell it . i spot a mess in the corner of my eye . a pile of canvas torn and bloody with tent poking out . that should do . i crawl toward it and a moment later i find what i ' m looking for a black device laying a few away just like it d been in the cabin . the beacon . i reach out and grab it and click the button . it . good . it . xb xb you don t need me to tell you that the search team me and you don t need me to tell you that they had a lot of but that the facility stepped in and took care of it . you also don t need me to tell you that i be walking with for the rest of my short life . what you need me to tell you is why i m posting this . you need to know why i m telling you this story and why i need you to tell it to . your . your family . everybody . the reality is a war is coming . it s a war that humanity t for but we re doing the best we can . strictly speaking everything i just said is classified and yet it s critical this information be spread far and wide . what s coming for us can t be stopped by and . it can t be overcome by men and . it to be through other . legendary . the at the top don ' t want to admit that . they don ' t want to sow chaos and uncertainty and admit our hourglass is dangerously low on sand but it is and chaos is coming one way or another . we ' re doing what we can at the facility but it ' t enough . not even close . they ' d skin me alive for posting this but my time ' s already up so " em . i m you all of you if you see a creature that explanation or a certain something that goes bump in the night share your experience . make it known . against the eldritch coming our way those might be our only chance . and honestly ? we need all the help we can get . x . xi live in a small rural town in northern canada and for as long as i can remember it was an unspoken rule amongst the townsfolk to never acknowledge the existence of the old woman who you . no one when she exactly but it was back when my were young everyone thought she was just a normal old lady who into town at first but the story goes when her went to greet her she out shook their and they both dead on the spot no cause of death was ever found over the next year this a few more times whenever someone acknowledged the existence of the old woman she ' d follow them touch them and they ' d die . the police tried to arrest her the who did all then the local sheriff at the time decided he was just going to shoot her he was never seen alive again . ever since the death it a rule that everyone to never acknowledge her existence for some reason if you ' t acknowledge her she ' t touch you she also to not affect as they ' re sometimes seen with her and taking some of her with no problem we don ' t know how long someone to stay in town to go from tourist to local so if anyone in we usually warn them before they move in . over the a few times a year someone would get upset or tired enough or maybe even just forget and acknowledge her existence and we ' d hold a town meeting to remind people of the " our town " we ' t outright talk about her because she always up to every town meeting thankfully as technology advanced these less frequently us to vent to one another if she was one of us without her knowing seemingly the requirement of her for her to touch us and it worked fine growing up i never had a problem with the old woman she ' d follow me around every so often and if i got really i ' d be able to just text my about her . until this morning i had just gotten off a really long shift at work and my had broken up with me the previous morning so to say i was really irritable was an understatement my car was busted so i was making the hour long walk home when i to hear her pitter patter following behind me i was not in the mood to deal with her today i took a deep sigh as she walking next to me talking about " oh deary i made these oatmeal with a new recipe " and rambling on about her cooking process eventually she talking about my it ' s how she got to you she ' s so " " active " " in the community she a lot of intimate about everyone ' s she those to drive a knife into you poking and until you crack and acknowledge she ' s there usually it ' t work usually i ' m not getting out of a year relationship and the moment she brought up my ex something in me snapped i turned and in her face raving about how she ' t know and all she did was people how she was no better than the devil himself her and her stupid and how she ' s countless over the . when i finally what i was doing it was far too late she " oh how nice deary you do have a voice ! " she said in her croaky old woman voice " it ' s such a pretty voice i ' borrow your tongue and make it mine ! " she to reach out her hand and my only reaction was to turn heel and run thankfully she ' t just kill you she to touch you that ' s the important part i can get away i ' m a fairly fit something year old guy she won ' t be able to catch up to me for a while but she ' t have to sleep have to eat this is going to be a battle of attrition and eventually she will win but i can delay as long as i can i up my friend to come and pick me up telling them what was going on they me for a bit and i told them my plan i ' m leaving town maybe if i get far enough away she ' stop chasing me they me off at my place to go pack and i filled a with as much as i could thankfully i worked nights so it ' s pretty early in the morning right now my car is still busted but thankfully i ' been very frugal with my money over the so i ' m just going to buy the most reliable car i can afford from the used car lot near the of town i ' m the hell out because she she ' t be i think she ' s getting faster as well the few times she ' s me i ' had to start to get away i ' m headed to the car lot now last i saw she was offering her to people in a but she behind a wall and i haven ' t seen her since i need to get out of town now . i don ' t know why i ' m making this post it won ' t be able to help any of you it ' s unlikely anyone reading this would ever even visit this of a town none the less move in maybe i just want to make a reminder to the world that i that i was here and that this old bitch whatever she is . i just hope running away is enough . xb one night i was just in my living room . had just been for the ps and i was it . for those who remember f had a lot of after launch and it like i got the brunt of it . this made my ' a of excitement and annoyance . but it had just gotten dark outside being early and weekend had so there wasnt this feeling that i had limited time to enjoy myself before going bed . all in all a peaceful evening . at one point the game . i and cursed the i had done so far this evening . then i my wife from downstairs stop yelling i ' m working here . i had my in the house but being loud after pm was not one of them . she is easily and i try respect that . i didnt answer just turned the volume down to show her that she was . i could hear her making dinner . she worked as chief and had a lot of expensive kitchenware for use . my wife did not care for making dinner since it was already her job but on she would usually make something from scratch . being lazy enough to admit that are mostly i love this tradition . and i agree that it me right to show appreciation for it . unfortunately another crash at a bad time in the game made me yell . not long . just ! . i it . then i my wife walking up the . i could hear her stopping . if you keep this up you can make dinner yourself ! . i to laugh but i just said sorry . although i made an effort to not yell in the house i frequently do . usually this itself and i do find it funny when she like this . at one time though i her and made her cry . this havent stopped me from being loud from time to time but i have stopped doing it intentionally . i ' m just the type that can ' t do anything still and quiet . probably undiagnosed . i her walking down the again . the sound of her chopping of beef was clearly now and it was clearly meant for me to hear it . i decided to mute the and just lay it on my belly . you know when you are lying on your couch and you want to minimize movement so you just stack everything like your phone and on top of you ? that was me . then i just spent the time on my phone doing what most do when their game and other search on to find other people . i my wife turning off the oven fan . this is the cue and now i would just wait for my signal to come down . i took a lot longer than i and eventually i just fell into my phone stuff watching . it went from wrong with to prank and i eventually found myself watching people special of i would never buy . then i got a call . it was my wife and i . this would not be the first time she me inside the house . she often did this when i was being loud . probably to show me that yelling is ? ? i just and said i ' m coming . everything i had atop my belly slid down into the couch as i prepared to get up . i was just about to up when i her talking through the phone . it put it up ear again and hear to repeat herself . she told me i ' t have to come as she had to go shopping first . sure ! i can drive you . i was damn sure to drive her since she was making dinner . but she said that wasnt necessary as she would just car pool with a colleague on her way home . my stupid brain just said oh nice and hung up shortly after . it must have been about until i . . . she was coming home from work . of course she was . she left for work at and then she usually works til " evening . i promise you i ' t panic at first . not because i ' m a bad . just because i ' m a slow dumb who was also tired . i got up from the couch . when i did the remote hit the floor and unmuted itself . when i had been talking to my wife i have turned the volume all the way up with my cause when the remote hit the floor the exploded with the meny music . it even me and i rushed to turn it down then i my wife in the kitchen chopping demonstratively . it was at that point i understood the situation . i double checked the time of phone call with my wife . nope it was ago . then i got . just so you know . my wife doesnt do of stuff like that . she when i do it . and she ' t even laugh when i show her those really good on . i did what any idiot would do in my situation would do . i just softly is dinner ready ? . the chopping sound stopped . yeah just come on down . it was my wife . she ' t even sound angry . for the first time in my story i actually had a sensible thought . i ' t want to peek down the cause it ' s a small house and she would see me from the counter . i calmy if she could get something from the bedroom . you can get it yourself i ' m making the table . her voice slightly . i on just do it i have a surprise for you i said . i my " ' wife ' " going out of the kitchen while saying really ! ? . i then peaked down the . the tables ' t set and there was no sign of food at all . i lightly down the and made my way to the car . my heart was racing now . i saw all the kitchen spread out next to our chopping block . most of the were broken and . the chopping board had just been slashed and more like a chopping stump . just before my front door i her yell from the bedroom where is it ! ? . i now that it ' t my wife . it like a woman still but perhaps . . . older ? it ' t answer and just ran for my car and drove off . i tried to call my wife after driving for a few . she just me that she was home and if i could open up and help her carry the . i drove home and my were sweating ! long short . my wife me for slashing her chopping board and her chief . i tried to explain what had but with my reputation as a pranker i just made her upset . i even to convince myself for a period that i had off on the couch and dreamt it . but we still have the chopping block so . . . no way ? it was when i got into special effects . i was old and the show had just starting my lifelong obsession . before this i on which i had for starting at the age of taking after my world renowned mother not that i had a choice really after my father left . it s not that i don t like it is a passion but there always been some aspect of persuasion on my mother ' s part but i have to admit i do have the gift . i just felt as though it was a small part of a greater whole of what i was to do and when the show came out i saw the terrifyingly heinous from clay cast to and lined with silicone . i knew exactly what i to do . i to make price wise the were fairly affordable even for a year old especially if you buy in bulk . by season two i had a gallery of that decorated the of my room . of you ' t find in your worst . it came to me as natural as probably because that is one of the main of it but inspiration me at all times just as it did when simply . never was i without an idea a face to create and execution was never difficult . i can t remember a single mistake i ever made but there was one occasion where my muse me . i was getting a little old for trick or treating so i my last year to be really special . imagine my surprise to find myself with a blank sketch pad after of staring down into the white abyss unable to find the image in my head that would soon be my masterpiece . that night i went to bed and depressed as was week away and i was on the verge of my first failure and i ' t prepared to face it . as i off to nothingness an image to haunt my mind s peripheral . i felt a presence but i did not know its whereabouts then from the darkness of my unconsciousness was a face that chilled my soul to its core . my void confined and this entity my spiteful god me with overwhelming fear . to look at it was painful . the it made me feel felt wrong yet i ' t look away . the longer i made no difference in the fear i felt . it never . an eternity before waking up in my bed covered in urine and sweat . of course i myself . a small price to pay for inspiration . six days was plenty to bring the evil to life and when i upon my creation a familiar shiver ran down my spine by the feeling of dread . it was perfect . tonight was going to be one to remember after saving the of the people as they open their to fear itself momentarily entering into a realm of pure horror before filling my bag with candy and the door going on to live their with its image in mind . as i my first door my heart as i what their face would look like as they laid upon my vision s creation . i rang the bell and making their way to the door . it slowly and through the mask my locked with those of a woman from age . her reaction me as she had none . a glimpse of her smiling face to a dull stare as if her face was frozen from an instant stroke . i then her fade to white before she to the floor like that of a doll falling from a toy chest . as she laid in the threshold i in the fact that my mask could cause a person to faint even if she was old . i my deserved portion of candy from the pile on the concrete and backed away into the darkness as a group of by an adult . the let me know the old would be to so i made my way to my next house . . was the neighborhood jogger . he was in his s and good health so he should be a good candidate to get the reaction i ' m looking for . as i approach the house i see a display set up in the driveway as he with his two young who are dressed as woody and buzz from toy story . i hear what to be the start of an awkward group greeting as i cross the yard and enter the light where i ' m met with instant silence . without lifting a muscle in his cheek . s neck went limp and his head hanging over the back of the lawn chair . the two forward falling to the ground as if had into the room . no dramatic jump of fear . no shriek that turned into a whimper . just unconscious . although i a reaction i had something which such fear that it its onlooker into unconsciousness . this was even more intriguing . i a handful from the bowl in the man ' s lap and made my way down the street satisfied with my . i continued my of the neighborhood . . never stood a chance but the real surprise was that her yappy t either . within of seeing my mask it to the floor next to . falling silent for the first time in its life . old young human or not no one could look at my creation in the face without falling victim to its terror . i continued the same until my bag uncomfortable to carry . my mask had proven itself and i had more than enough candy so i it a night . i returned to my room where i removed the mask seeing it from the outside once again causing me to shake off the it forced down my spine . after i it in its home on the wall with the rest of the from my imagination i lay back on my bed of candy and to sleep . the next morning i woke up to my mother shaking me . she frantically she was worried because of something that the night before that was simply unexplainable . she said multiple people had been found in their massive heart . so many that the police were looking into foul play . as my mother me i at the mask over her shoulder wondering what would happen if she were to turn and gaze upon its terror on her way out . would she too drop dead ? i d never know as she let me go and made her way to the door my as she normally did . although i felt horrible responsibility for the an equal portion of my psyche felt of the accomplishment even still i it in an old wrapped in a t shirt and now as an adult it s kept in a safe upright as if wrapped around a face . it s rare i put in the combination to stare down true horror and suffer those but occasionally it does deserve to be admired . . . and feared . i work at moose s landing on the border between birch point and . a nice locally restaurant that been around since with each generation of taking leadership of this place . and it like it is still in that state of time . all of the been untouched by the society s ways . it s nice really . almost make you feel like your are at home away from home . when you step into here you are with the nice warm atmosphere of a loving community . well not everything is so endearing though . the place is structured to look like a log cabin a typical style to see out here in cottage country . yet with all the you would expect to find there is this one moose head that s off to say the least . usually a moose head like this is normal out in these . however this one to be much more unusual . it s almost as it is wearing some sort of mask and at the base of a slab it s on these weird . the rest of his body or whatever is left of it to be normal for a stuffed woodland creature . every time i ask one of the what they think of the moose head they always say it was from their great grand father who killing it . it stuck up on him and broke his and him up on a boulder . with one well shell to the the moose fell . unfortunately so did . maybe i am . after all this community does share the land with the neighboring aboriginal . maybe just had close with them and they him after the incident . either way it is still a bone chilling sight to behold . with all the good i about moose s landing they still put me through hell . they put me on a shift the day of my birthday . and they know this too and still don t budge ! man . this me want to quit so bad but money s hard right now so i need all that i can get even if it working on my birthday . p . m finally i can clock out from this whole . today was such a day too . it was nothing like i ever worked before . every customer was acting up or just being a plane monster in general . and the kitchen staff were of no help at all . completely the atmosphere of the place to something i have never seen before . worst of all there was a rancid smell that broke out recently . probably a busted pipe from this morgue of a building . whatever i m glad i m done my shift . now i just have to wait for is that what is that noise ? i can hear a low rumble of ? just what i need a group of or just waiting to chop my head off . happy birthday to me i guess . but there is something off about this there is a blue haze in the distance . it very unnatural . my gut is telling me to off in five different but curiosity is getting the better of me . i need to check it out . i need to . maybe it s just an aboriginal rite that they do every year . maybe i m just being nosey and stupid . all these i try to tell myself to overpower my curiosity . and yet each lie me more curious to what i am looking for . as the grow the light . until i reach a clearing in the . and see and see dear are sacrificing people out there dude . a lifeless mountain of flesh and piled around a circle of these weird . why are they so familiar why are they so orderly why is that the family ? i can t take this i need to run i need to leave i need you t supposed to see come and receive your punishment this . i m running back to that lodge locking all the and calling the . i knew there was something wrong with that family i never should have them to begin with . what the ? are they following me ? how ? it s pitch black out here and i can t see anything so there s no way they can follow me . i m so close i can see the lodge . please don t catch me please don t catch me please . i m inside . i locked all the and now i m bordered up inside the dining room . this place . why won t the work ? why now a outage out in times like i found you who said no . please god let this be a dream . that moose head is alive . those those from the pile ! what is going on ? the whole is starting to glow of that same blue hue over at that graveyard . i m getting out of here . the door the door is stuck . i m on it with all my strength but it just won t open . come receive your punishment the moose what kind of anima what kind of monster is this ? flesh torn bone exposed that are more akin to than anything . you cannot escape come receive your punishment these blanking out must a . m . ugh where am i ? the hospital ? but last time i was ow . my chest it s killing me . what the after how did i get here ? oh you re awake ? you were brought it here last night it some sort of delusional state . you kept saying something about a moose ? either way we are glad to see you are . we are your to comeback so we can see what went wrong . meanwhile try to relax . you re in good now . strange who would even bring here especially in at a time like this pain just won t go away . i need to see what the is going on . i undo my robe and i see we are always watching you know how sometimes you are your childhood and suddenly a joke your told that you t understand made complete sense ? or a situation that you never understood before that you could not comprehend at the time school and you just t get now making complete sense ? the i m about to tell you are kind of similar . at the time everything completely normal . nowadays i see it was all up . xb it all on a beautiful night when i went with my and to celebrate that he was finally from the army . for some reason in brazil enlistment is mandatory and was completely against his will . so he had to serve one year in the army even if he it . the three of us the the atmosphere was filled with energy artificial smoke glowing and the smell of cheap beer . all around us people and . on the tables and the counter people were drinking and also kissing and laughing . to some this would be heaven . for me it was . we went to the counter and sat down . thank god i have been dying for some beer . . . it used to be almost impossible to get it in the headquarters . said . i could feel his relief he like he had just been from prison . not that i know how being from prison like . have you brought your fake id ? i . what ? we re all over eighteen dummy . we don t need fake . . sorry . i m just not used to this kind of location . i said . you don t live with your you re in university . no need for you to be so strict on yourself . she said . the bartender us . welcome to what will you be drinking tonight ? tequila ! said . i want a please . said . and you ? the bartender at me . . . . ice tea . peach ice tea please . i finally said . " what ? sir speak a little i can ' t hear you . " the bartender . i i could not talk in my normal voice pattern if i to be in this jungle of . " ice tea please ! " i . ! said . have you ever tried alcohol at all ? . y yes s sure i have several times . i said . t look like it . you never knew how to lie . said . hey please bring a margarita for my friend over here . told the bartender . soon i was drinking and with them . for some time i even forgot that i was completely alien to this kind of place . so she said don t worry i have everything . it s impossible for them to catch us up here . was telling . and did she ? i . no . no she t . we had just to make out i one of the school yelling hey you . everyone can see you up there ! turns out there was an entire audience watching us . " and what then ? . we were suspended . and his father told me that if i ever went near her again i t be going near anywhere else at all . that s ominous . i . yes . but she was a great kisser . so much that you gay right ? . that time with that drag queen was just an accident i already told ya i swear i t notice ! not what she said afterwards . i said . shut up . you re still a virgin . you have never even . ouch . said . hey here you go mister your third round of tequila as . the bartender gave his drink . anyway you haven t told us any of your childhood . said . there are not any childhood to begin with . not funny at least . you were always my only and i t got to meet you until i was in the fifth school year . so most of my childhood was watching in my apartment . come on . it t need to be from you . maybe your have one ? i don t know . maybe your grandma or that uncle of yours . said . uncle ? my are both only . you had an uncle . i remember it ! said . yeah me too . what was his name ? pedro ? ? . is this a joke ? i swear i never had an uncle . as i spoke for a brief moment i felt like an very old wall had just fallen down . peter ! uncle peter ! i remember him although my are a bit shady . . . uncle peter ? what the . it does sound familiar . but i can t remember anything right now . how the can you forget about your own uncle ? . on the wall . yes . he was always there during the football . and he even came to s tenth birthday the one at the amusement park ! said . a man on the ceiling . for some reason i remember he chopping a guy s arm . weird . maybe it was during the party ? said . a cleaver chopping an arm . i i . . . i don t feel so well . i picked myself up my clearly staggering . and you only drank a margarita . . . said . xb i away from the table and into the nearby bathroom almost bumping into some who were dancing feeling a sudden and immense headache . . . . i the dirty sink as support and searching my for my when long forgotten of my childhood suddenly burst into my mind . a crack on the wall behind the refrigerator an extremely tall and slender man smiling an human arm being chopped of blood going from diverse in my apartment block going straight into my kitchen and then to the crack behind the refrigerator coming from on the . what the is going on . . . i fell backwards on the floor . normally this would never happen . heck i am with . but at that moment everything was so strange . xb i was back home . not my dormitory room my parent ' s apartment . there was an old woman who was in the living room watching her old early s television . but there was no image . just static . she went back and forth on her wooden rocking chair . my father was next to her his newly bought computer and listening to radio . both were just static . usually he did that listening to football . but now there was nothing to listen . just static . my mother was laying in the couch sleeping . and uncle peter was walking on all in the ceiling smiling at me with his rotten teeth and deep yellow . i had forgotten how tall he was how inhumanly slender he was and how long his arms were . xb what the ! are you ? ! waking me up . i threw up looking that i was lying near a puddle of piss . he me pick myself up and i more on the sink . my god you really can t handle alcohol . i m sorry . he said helping me walk . what s going on ? please . i don t want to go back there . please . i said crying . relax i have already ordered an we be taking you to your dorm . he said while helping me with one arm and his with the other . is he ? damn we got worried sick . you have been gone for nearly an hour ! said . he s not well i take him home and i be back . he out . wow he s already that drunk ? please ! no home ! no home ! i said but my left my mouth all . and i don t remember anything else from that night . xb xb i be lying if i said that i investigating my past immediately after . i t . the alcohol took away most of my from that night and before i knew i myself with more important . mainly my university classes . it was not until the next during one of my academy classes that the about my childhood coming back to my mind . you may think psychology is useless for literature . that a psychology professor should not be teaching literature . it is not useless . your audience is composed by human so it s your duty to find a way to captivate them and create catharsis . and how better to create sympathy for your character than to make him suffer ? no one to see someone thriving without suffering . and sometimes people don t want to see someone thriving at all . the audience to see the suffering suffering from your protagonist antagonist the of the protagonist even from extra that they forget in ten . so my classes will focus on how to create suffering . now please tell me which one is the best way to make someone suffer ? professor . i obviously t answer . i am so shy i d rather die twice than speak in public . pain ? a girl said . killing the protagonist s ? one of the . i think torture . . . another girl said . the teacher shook his head . you re all in the web but you fail to see the spider . the thing is all suffering comes from the human mind . pain yeah it you but it only with you as long as you re feeling it . killing ? horrible terrible . would not recommend . but the killing itself is only a objective fact . don t care much for objective they want to feel . and torture ? same as pain only with a fancy word . kicking a beggar in the will hurt him sure . but it is not the pain who will make him suffer in a way that the will engage . it is fuel for the greater suffering . a fuel for psychological impact . he wrote trauma on the board . the true way to forever scar someone is to abuse their mind . no disease more than depression . and see anxiety panic syndrome bipolarity did all are of a scarred mind . the pain from torture or shock from the death of a one create the wound but the scar remains forever . you know why someone dear to the protagonist disappearing or dying is always a good motivation ? because of the scar it . soon it s not even about vengeance or the . it s just because the scar is the only thing the protagonist left about their one . he wrote manipulation on the board . the term gaslighting actually comes from the play gas light in which a woman is and psychologically by her nefarious husband . due to criminal that he on the building the really diminish during the night but he convinced her that she was . professor stopped to breath wrote the word gaslight in the white board and continued . in the play and then in the the poor woman was able to break free from her abuser and lock him up . sadly this is not usually the case in real life . most of psychological manipulation and abuse end up with the victim living forever in a perpetual state of self doubt not knowing what is or t real and doubting . maybe some of you are suffering from this evil right now . he at his clock and then continued our time is up . well see you tomorrow . any you have you can contact me . xb he to a couple and then went to the exit and i tagged along with him . sir i think i have a question . i awkwardly said . it then . release your tongue . said while walking through the corridor . what if the opposite is true ? what if people have about me that i can t remember but are obviously . . . ? i fail to comprehend . so my have about a family member of mine but it s impossible . my don t have . never had . and i can t remember anything about him . well either you do have an uncle and have some form of memory loss or they are making this up . the thing is i from him . but they don t make any sense . get to the point boy . i have of him chopping an human arm of whispering on the of him crawling on the ceiling . well then you have not only memory loss but also some form of psychosis . you should get a doctor . he was about to get to his office . my remember it too . he immediately stopped . that he on the ceiling ? one of them he chopping an arm . now you got my attention . please come in . he me into his office and for me to take a seat . xb the place was in fact very cozy with a medium sized window with view of the parking lot and the park next to it the typical old fashioned office plastic a good noisy old fashioned air conditioner a sofa and two one completely filled with on literature and old and other with about psychology psychiatry sociology and a few on occultism and religion . the were all white but the setting sun painted the room orange . so please tell it all to me again . from the beginning . t have a beginning . i just remember these random . like a fast montage . not much more . my seem to remember even less though they did remember him while i t . could it be mass hysteria . . . ? he to himself before saying well there s a way to unlock repressed . it works most of times . hypnosis . i know . yes . i know it s cliche but there s a reason for it to be so . i can hypnotize you . but not now . i my daughter i would go help her pack her she s moving to . but when could you ? at pm . also you should see a psychiatrist just in case . xb xb two days later as i finished telling last week s my psychiatrist . and said and here i was thinking your were your never ending and . . . right ? i really thought i would be able to avoid seeing you for some time . well think with me a bit . can be a side symptom of anxiety and is manifested though anxiety . but about your bizarre uncle and amnesia don t really fit your profile . she writing something . what s that ? you re going to take some x . these paint a very bad picture frankly . what ? i m starting to consider you have some form of brain damage neurological tumor dementia or epilepsy . but my also remember my uncle . your are not my . even if your impossible uncle to out in the ceiling and chop arms it is not for me to judge . but amnesia linked to is not a good sign . if it is a tumor the sooner we take action the better . she handed me the prescription . " where do i do this ? " i tried to read but her bizarre doctor calligraphy made the task impossible . " you can do it for free with the on public but they usually have a quite long waiting list . if you have a plan there are a lot of private you can go to here in . " " any you recommend ? " " recently the ' s care house a new branch on medicine . i their are quite affordable . " " i ' take a look . thanks doctor . " xb xb when i left the building in which my shrink s office was and the large walking around the streets my mind was so worried about my possible very deadly diagnosis that i did not notice the strange person in the completely yellow topcoat and hat following me . i was in truth just walking along with the crowd going wherever they d take me . i always do that when i don t know what to do or even what to think . just the sheer uncertainty of knowing that something was wrong with me but not knowing exactly what was it me out . have you ever tried to just keep with the flow of a horde of people ? it s like swimming in a river . all are really single with their own and but together they turn into the same thing . you can separate a drop from the water freeze it turn it into gas drink it but the instant it is back you won t be able to find it ever again because now it is part of a whole . with people it s the same thing . everyone is their own but together we make an unique stream . a horde . a crowd . going along with them without thinking i could feel myself not longer being myself . it was . all were away because in the whole i no longer had individual . that brief moment of escapism ended when the horde into a subway and dissipated with every one of the going into individual to collect for their . i t really have to take the subway because my university dorm was just a couple of away . so i turned around . big mistake . i into the man or was he a woman ? in the yellow topcoat . because i am still not sure about his her gender i refer to this person as they . i almost fell to the floor but they me saving me from my back on the floor . and then they put a small yellow paper in my hand before me and leaving in a slightly fast pace . i hit my back on the floor some people around me but no one was close enough to help me get up . what the ? i thought just now how this person was always behind me in the crowd but i was so distraught that i did not notice . i picked myself up and the paper he put in my hand . xb as the only one left in the forgotten land soon facing impending danger you are eligible to become worried association of xb xb as i my dormitory i t help but notice that my roommate was on top of a chair trying to replace the ceiling s lamp . the rd digital watch on the computer desk marked . hey how re you doing ? he said while almost falling down . i with him long enough to assume that he was probably stoned . well besides maybe brain cancer i am doing . that . my aunt had breast cancer some ago . but i m sure you get better . he said in a . x voice pace . did she get better ? no she . that s reassuring . . . i sat down on my bed and gave a look at the prescription doctor gave me . i don t get what s the deal with this thing . . . it s the fourth time our lamp burned since the beginning of the year ! . please don t start with the . i bet it s because of the negative you have ! you know you re always so awkward and shy you need to open up have fun man ! he said as he finished the lamp . have you ever of the association of ? i the prescription aside and then looking at the paper the yellow topcoat man woman ? gave me . what ? he down from the chair and at the paper . never . cool though . maybe it s a association ? is that a thing . . . ? whatever . hey don t you come to the rave ? there be plenty of and and . . . or do you like ? i never saw you date anyone . . . i can get you an entry ticket too . you already know i hate . it ' s not a party it ' s a rave ! completely different ! " " i assume that by completely different you mean it ' s even worse . " " come on maybe you like it ! have you already dinner ? i trying to change the topic . thankfully his frequent marijuana usage made his attention span completely deficient . no ! i been dying for some food ! i go grab a do you want something ? a . i pay you later . sure ! he left the room leaving the door open . he always did that . at least i knew i t need to pay him back . he always forgot i him . i put the strange paper on the bed stood up and went to close the door when i a soft and slow paced breath coming from behind the window . for context our room is in the third floor so i thought it was a bird or some kind of animal in the window . small do that all the time here in brazil . i the window the to check and flash xb somehow i was now on the university feeling the heavy night wind on my face and looking at the city in the complete darkness . i checked my but because my phone was not with me at the time . the intense light i saw after opening the still in my sight . i was frozen from both shock and fear for some ten . i sometimes had an strange urge to jump because my were telling me something was in the with me and it was better to die than to even see it . and i swear that i could see moving in the complete darkness . suddenly were on and the terrifying of darkness all around me dissipated . i then the entrance to the opening and someone stepping out . here boy ? the night security guard while he a cigar and lit it . . what are you doing here ? i genuinely confused . he worked in the entrance of the campus . we were now in the top of the main university building fifteen tall and eight hundred away from the campus building . i that first boy . . . it ' s right ? if you re suicide you know you can i interrupted him . don ' t worry i ' m not on killing myself . i just kind of here ? even to describe it was extremely . have you been ? or alcohol ? i just drank once a week ago . . . and there are my for and too but i have been taking them for more than a year now . . . " " good . trust me my path is not good . " he said while he smoked . " why do you smoke all the way up here ? ! you work in the other side of the on the entrance ! it s . . . complicated . he . i understand . . . i went in the direction of the exit but when i tried to open it i i a key to do so . i to who was near the edge of the roof smoking looking at the hilly cityscape of and the moon and dark looming over us . what time is it ? it s three and twenty or thirty in the morning . he said still looking at the city . what the ? how did i get here ? what have i been doing for the last eight ? lad . . . you were not supposed to be up here . yeah i . no not physically possible . the only way of is through that door . the same door that can only be open with this key . he me his key . unless you had another key which you don t or broke the door which you t you can t access the roof . he breathed deeply and then a small cloud of toxic cigar smoke . . . . i tried to say something but what could i say ? that s the reason i smoke here every two or three you know ? this is supposed to be confidential but i know you ' keep quiet . " " how do you know that ? " " you are so quiet some of us thought you were mute actually . anyways eight ago more or less throwing themselves from here . " " from this very ? " " yep . around six every month . we locked the door security on the put on the we did everything to stop it . people just . . . kept throwing themselves . so the board decided to make part of our schedule to check here every three . people like you appear here from thin air . sometimes sometimes . . . once or twice people who are not even from the city . . . we to stop most of the doing that up here every now and then . but . . . it t make sense . . . i . nothing sense lad . he said as he toward the and the moon . absolutely nothing sense . did anyone survive ? none of them so we cannot ask . but . . . once i saw one of them before the police . usually when they do they take away the body and say that the death due to an accident or suicide . but the time i saw the body . . . i was down there going to my car after i worked the entire night . and then i something heavy like a big coconut falling and itself . i ran to where the noise came from and . . . it was a person . but something was wrong . . . he deeply and finished his cigarette before . there were claw on his left shoulder . like something and threw him away . i made the math later . the distance he could not have a distance so long . . . only if someone threw him . . . he around observing all of the empty roof and then threw his cigar on the floor and it . but what do i know . . . let s go there s nothing good up here . we silently left . looking back and knowing what would come next maybe it would be better if i just threw myself too . xb i m not what you d call the type . pregnancy and birth even before all this they me out . and now after the fact if i do ever find another partner i m my foot down about . i can t do them . not after what to . we were just there for an but an eerie silence had fallen over the examination room . beyond the cream colored i could hear the quiet bustle of life drifting down the hall chatting someone laughing and the muffled of joyous as were given the first beautiful of their growing . however an uneasiness had settled over us in exam room number two . i d already been on edge . long before s amber skin was glowing or her belly was showing or she was craving or itchy or moody . i d long been a full blown ball of stress because the act of making a whole new human person ? i d nothing to do with it . my therapist fun like and neurosis but it t really matter what were on it when it came to reproduction i just t down for it . sex ? no thank you . i d tried it a few times in high school and found the whole ordeal to be more effort than it was worth . the binary was still strong back then i d given them all a go . society told me to do it and everyone else to enjoy it . ultimately though it t what someone had been or what kind of motion their ocean had provided sex just t my thing it was neither fun nor functional for me . insemination then ? revolting . when we d the possibility of me being the with some stranger s nut mustard clinically through a turkey baster i d spent the better part of an hour in the bathroom dry heaving . i t care how many times donor had won at his frozen spunk t going anywhere near my and that was that . that s when we knew if we would have to carry them . sitting alone in the exam room though i t sure it had been such a good idea . and not just because being surrounded by stock of happy and expectant grinning over their was giving me the beginning of a panic attack . did we really need the doctor i thought . t we just go home and guess the baby s sex ? i to ready to pitch the idea of . the loving yet sorely exhausted look on s face said everything i to hear to stay put though . she knew me too well and whether she knew what i d been about to say or not i kept my mouth shut and tried to just ignore the weirdness that was pregnancy . despite it being right in front of me . it t even that i was opposed to actually i d always kind of the idea of a miniature human bouncing around the apartment i was just uneasy with the concept of another life growing inside me an entire other awareness just there . inside me . moving and expanding . its sentience while wearing my body as a gestational evangelion . the whole process gave me existential anxiety . on the other hand was made for motherhood . the pure joy of carrying new life inside her had a fire that t die . even when the morning sickness had left her sweating and unconscious on the bathroom floor and growing kept her up all night begging for relief . it carried her through the days when she barely had the strength to eat and through that would have lesser like half covered in and fried with and salted or . just . sometimes chocolate covered but still just dead . and now here in the exam room as we the of our second that joy kept her high . i could tell because even though i was the one smiling and s brittle hand it was s smile that gave me hope . hope that the most turbulent pregnancy in the history of mankind would finally hit its stride and mellow the out . i still worried though . of course i did . s health had been failing for a while and while her were concerned they had also reassured us multiple times that not every pregnancy manifested the same way some were just more strenuous than . they also said there were no obvious and though there were some unexpected hormone they were nothing to be afraid of . except now maybe while we an eternity for a nurse to return with the doctor . and what was taking so long anyway ? was it just my anxiety i or was something really wrong ? the visit had just fine . and the nurse had been all and chit chat . and if s usual glow had been more sallow than tan and her smile a little more tired than bright that fire inside let her power through it . with aside the nurse had cold gel around s belly with the stick wand thing attached to the machine . he d and with but in just a couple his grin had turned hollow and the cheer had left his . i had never seen anything like it . i read plenty of that describe something like it but to actually have seen an emotion drain from someone s . . . it did not inspire confidence . he had done his best to cover his but he had also quickly himself . he said he was going to fetch the doctor . we d been waiting twenty . we re fine said her voice thinner than usual . that meant the baby was moving again . my from s sweet smile to her belly . i had no idea when were supposed to start moving but i t think it was supposed to look like a scene from alien yet . or maybe ever . but there it was my wife s belly gliding beneath her skin all sharp and angular like an elbow or a knee . did have those at five ? i had no idea . i still don t . a sharp knock on the door us . the baby as the doctor flanked by the nurse and two in lab . the doctor seating herself on the little stool by the bed as her entourage closed . hi . . how are you two doing today ? we been better i said gently squeezing s hand as much as i . simply back to the doctor her free hand slowly her sore belly and the unruly baby within . the doctor a look of sympathy creasing her . let s get a good look at what s going on in there shall we ? see if we can t get some good news for you . as she got taking over the wand thingy my mind to wander . maybe as a self defense or coping mechanism . i thinking about . i had no idea what information could be from an . every one i d seen had been a blurry mess of grey and black with a giant sort of head in the middle . when eager would point out all the that are supposedly baby i just can t see them . i still nod along and coo on cue though because not being able to appreciate a baby smudge t mean i have to be a dick about it . that said blurry and sex were the limit of my understanding of and their . i hoped that t the limit of though . or god the doctor s understanding of by the time i the doctor was talking i d already most of it . a bit the doctor was saying as i tuned back in . she was moving the wand against s belly apparently trying to chase the baby down . at least that s what it like to me as the doctor the wand against at what like an unusual angle . that s when the baby . just a little bump . a little kick or a punch . it was quick but everyone saw . i however saw how pale the doctor had become because of it . is i to nervously . is everything ? the doctor t respond . she at the monitor with an intense frown of concentration . the two in muttering and pointing at the screen and one of them sent the nurse out again with an order that suspiciously like prep for surgery . the doctor finally turned to us a strained smile at her . i knew the effect was meant to be comforting but it was just shy of the way the doctor s between our and s belly fear obviously her . and was that sweat ? was she fear sweating ? ? i m going to be honest with you she said passing the wand to one of her lab coated . it like there are some here and for the safety of her up further into a smile that mechanical and weird we re going to need to perform an early . perfectly routine she added waving her between us and failing not to glance at s gently baby bump . catching the complication this early there s a good chance of survival . is it routine to birth a baby at five ? i genuinely uncertain . it t seem routine . and i don t think it would have even if the doctor t like she was on the verge of the room in a panic . it is a little early she admitted but with today s there s no reason why it t be a complete success . something at the back of my mind telling me the doctor t being entirely straight with us but whatever she was dancing around i t see it . i just knew the doctor t usually speak this way did she ? i t think she did anyway and i t shake the feeling that something awful was hidden on that screen . it s said giving my hand a frail squeeze . i but nothing about our situation made me feel better about either pregnancy or childbirth . if anything it provided my with terrifying cement . was it even neurosis if reality made something worse than anxiety could ? another twenty with the doctor assuring us of the safety of and the routine of it all when an the room by a gliding platform of slick steel blue padding and bright plastic . he us an oblivious smile sprinkled with genuine warmth . it felt wrong though . out of place . his smile the vestige of a world that t know the bitter bite of fear bile at the back of its throat was an intrusion and the to know it . whether the atmosphere was palpable or he was an expert at reading the way he between us helping onto the bed ? the stretcher ? it he he was an outsider in a very strange situation and he did his best not to make it worse . we already ahead the doctor said waving the ahead of us as we left the exam room . but we need to get to a real hospital because we re not really for this procedure . there . she d done it again . something behind carefully chosen but i like i understood . and i suppose some vague part of me did . really what i understood was that we had no alternative . and all the panic and paranoia through my body to take a while the people i had to trust took care of my wife and our baby . in the hall the staff made room for us to pass watching and whispering as we went . they had no clue what was happening not that i had much idea either but and sympathetic to help us on our way . once we d collected ourselves inside the elevator i fretted still clinging to my wife s fragile hand . the doctor tapping an anxious toe and the the button for the roof . wait what ? my stomach tumbled as the elevator rose a new and previously unknown level of anxiety sending jagged of fear coursing through me at the unexpected deviation . t the ambulance on the ground level ? t we need the ground to drive on ? why would we be heading up ? i t have long to wonder as the elevator to a stop on floor r . there was an pause before the parted and a concussive gale its way inside the car daylight and the smell of the city with it . i blinked briefly blinded and by it all as hair and clothing whipped around us . as my vision i saw it . there in the center of the roof an active helicopter its stirring up a storm . . this one i knew because . i at whipped from my by the wind and i around a painful lump . what in the god awful hell had been on that that would require a medical evacuation ? i had plenty of time to dwell on the as the ride was loud uneventful and long . much longer than i thought it should have been given i could have driven to two different in half the time it took us to land . but eventually we did land and a whole medical team was there to greet us . there were no more there though . there it was all business . there a gang of with ours and the with the taking s vitals as they hooked her up to mobile . then they her away into the warm glow of a massive elevator . no one acknowledged me except for a pair of armed who silently me along behind the chaos . through a labyrinth of sterile past with i t notice to another elevator that took us down even further . past with instead of none of which i knew . our convoy stopped before a pair of steel at the end of a long hall . and her team between them and i caught a glimpse of more steel surrounded by thick plastic sheeting before the closed with a soft and a red light burned above them . i was into a room to my right . a loud mechanical clack as the door closed behind us . it was dark in there but i t need a light . the wall separating me from was filled with an enormous window and the operating room beyond filled our space with more than enough ambient light to see . through a network of thin metal the glass i watched the medical team tend to various as they transferred to the surgical bed in with each other for final prep and looking as frantic and well organized as a colony of . two men in stood to either side of the room their somber resting on imposing black slung low against their from hooked over their . i t know much about but i knew armed in were not routine . the doctor . i he was the team lead as he came in late wearing a face shield and a vest ? i closer to the glass . one of my just enough to be . why is he wearing a vest i pointing at the doctor . my were silent . impassive . why are you here ? silence again . why do you need and for a c section ? ? nothing . i to hit them for being so stoic ! before i could give in to my anger though movement caught my eye . wait . wait wait wait wait . she s not out i said as my attention returned to the operating room . writhed in obvious pain on the surgery bed and the doctor to hold her down . i on the glass screaming . she s not out ! you t put her out ! the doctor up at me and made a curt gesture . one of the in and slid an arm between me and the glass me back . please remain calm . remain are you serious ! ? they re going to cut my wife open while she s awake ! ! i turned back to the glass in time to see blood . too much blood . time to one eternal breath as one of the back from a fountain of glistening red from his open neck . i watched him bleed . i watched his face twist with shock and confusion as he tried to understand what had . i watched him stumble back as his and balance one hand finally rising toward the wound . then he was falling and the air was filled with steel as he into a surgical tray . and then he was gone . i t understand . time snapped back as a scream rang out and a streak of red shot across the room . one guard went down in a yellow mass . a bloody fissure wept where his chest should have been . the medical team scattered . the guard backed away as the red streak sprang from one body to another in on the bright yellow target . through and like tissue paper as he fired into them desperately trying to hit the thing racing toward him . the with me sprang into action . it had only been a few but by the time they d the on both no one was left standing . i the as they but i never saw them enter the room from my position behind the glass . silence fell slowly with my ringing in the wake of all the chaos . it had all so fast . my from one bloody lump to the next my brain sliding away from the reality of what i d just . though . on the surgical bed the operating her her on display in the middle of the abattoir a golden goddess from the waist up . i to be with her . i backed away from the glass and toward the door . light around the edge . the in their haste must have left it open . i to the hall numb . i found the steel wide open . the still warm of my former were to either side as if my entrance and between them the limp body of my child . it like a scorpion . six long skeletal and a spiny tail complete with tip from the meaty center of it . an oblong mouth filled with of needle like teeth split the center of it and it was covered in human skin . golden tan like s where i could see it through the blood . i t understand the urge that me and some dim part of me knew too much scrutiny would break whatever fragile were still holding me together so i t question it either . i merely to my soaking myself in the blood around me and gently it up folding its many into its body so i could cradle it more easily . i sat alone with it among the dead rocking back and forth . i to sing a lullaby my grandmother used to sing when i was sick but i t remember the . i tried humming it for a while but the t come . several this way with me sitting in mostly silence occasionally squeezing out a random note as i tried to remember my grandma s song before i i could hear something else in the room . breathing . labored . shallow . i briefly and found only her chest rising and falling but barely . i don t have a medical degree but i knew just by looking that there was no way to come back from what had . no amount of medical help no matter how quickly could fix what had been so thoroughly . that she was still alive at all was some kind of miracle . so i rose and carefully to s side . my slipped where the blood was but i never fell . " let me see her " reaching a trembling red hand toward me when i . i could see the thrill of possibility and the joy of starting a family written on her face again . i saw a ghost of the elation we d felt when we d been told the in treatment had been a success . but the blood loss had physical trauma been severe . she must not have the or the nightmare that had . she probably ' t see that she was just one of many the room . all she to know was that the baby was out . . . and that she t have any more time . " please " a wet rattle of a sound proving the depth of the damage done to her . i uncertain i should be over the limp body of the thing we had once would be our child but my wife ' s distress only grew the longer it took me to respond . . . so i . i was gentle almost loving in passing the remains of our offspring to my wife ' s failing embrace . " " she breathed shifting its crumpled in what like an attempt to make it more comfortable . i watched my wife fuss with the body as the light slowly dimmed from her . and it t seem to matter how many she whatever she saw it was still her baby and her love for it was pure . then for me her feeble hand grasping blindly until i it . she our to the lifeless husk between us . she . that warm infectious smile that always told me everything would be alright . " you have each other now " she around a handful of staccato . this was it . our last moment together . " yeah " i said gently squeezing her rapidly cooling . the fell freely but i kept them from my voice . and me . we be just fine . i love you angel whispered . i love you too baby . i the sob so could pass with peace in her heart . and then i watched s smile slowly fade as the strength and life and breath finally left her . and i had lied . of course i had . i t be just fine without her . but my wife ' t need to know that . with no time left for anything but love i to deny her that tiny slice of peace . understandably after that day my life was a sea of chaos . lots of the i can t talk about because of the people involved and at what security level they re involved . what i can say is that place is gone . and not because i them into the ground . i mean when i got home and had any mind to spare for it i through s office for any that could confirm the business name and give me a phone number or address to work with and even though the nothing else does . the physical business is empty and dark . the phone is disconnected . my lawyer can t even find to suggest it ever did exist . so not only can i not legally destroy them but i can t get any about what they did to my wife . or why . i can just post this and hope it as a warning to trying to get pregnant to make sure you properly vet the you ' re considering for artificial insemination . don t make the same mistake we did . i stood out like a sore thumb when i made it into the police force with ease . the in our district were exactly as i them always and off at the world for slogging through life with a job they t give two about . i guess you can say i t blame them . the coastal town we were in was dead even during holiday . i digress though . the reason they me is because i about not only my work but also my health . when the were busy down their i water from my insulated canteen and of . sure i m in good shape and the physical exam with no but what really them was the fact that i was in my job always looking to learn and grow . because of my enthusiasm for improvement my and me throughout training . and then my first official day in the field and i experienced a night like i had never experienced before . my arrogant of a mentor assigned me to the traffic division and sent me out to the coast for my first live night of real work . he was with me of course to see how i applied myself and took direction from his rotten pepper breath . the man and i had absolutely no respect for him but i and put on a fake smile . we up to a small empty parking lot at a local beach . the car was about a foot from a cluster of that led to the sand and ocean . facing the street slightly out of view of any passing i patiently with my radar . an hour without one car . midnight was approaching and a low mist in through the area making it difficult for me to see the road in front of me . i for my canteen at the exact same time went in for his coffee from the cup . the pen he was holding for his crossword puzzle pricked my hand just enough to cause it to bleed lightly . pay attention to what you are doing . you me pretty bad . with a eating grin . that was no accident . he me to bleed . before i off on him my radar lit up with an eighty . there was no roar of an engine though . i t see or hear anyone . sat there silently like the radar detection was just a fluke . i stepped out of the car to get a better look . the sound of rushing water arose in the distance . i stepped towards the and pointed a flashlight towards the sea thinking maybe it was just a boat . as the noise grew a it . me . where is that coming from ? i don t see anything . i him . i m afraid your time is up . we have a quota to fill . we have to keep it happy keep it fed . for me to look towards the water . i don t understand . you re me . is this another one of your hazing ? the wind picked up in intensity . a dark gigantic wave of water rose before my and towered above me . in the middle of the wave a reddish round stringy cluster . it like one of those giant i used to play baseball with but this thing t made of rubber . i stood there frozen and shaking . i was in awe of this monstrosity . one drop is all it . down at the blood on my hand . you ! i . the roar of the creature around me . the being over the sand and directly towards me . of sharp blade like extended from the core . my only chance at getting out of there alive was to make bleed . i him to the ground and he scraped his arm on some . a gash of blood seeped out . the turned their attention towards . i ran back inside the car . as i sat there from behind the windshield i watched the thing pierce s arm and carry him back towards its mouth . a dark hole in the center and a black tongue coated in a slimy substance . the creature him up and made an earth shattering crunch of a bite that my car to the road . i turned on the ignition and . when i at the station i told the other about what i saw . i . and you know what they did they me s job . they told me the job was mine if i kept sending in new to the thing . i declined and ended up moving across the country . of course nobody me when i landed my next police officer gig . but i know what i saw that night and i have no intention of spending another night by the sea . the of national can be a foreboding place for some . where dark and malevolent can be at any corner . most would blow these of folklore as paranoia and superstition and they rarely ever think much of it . as is case for a young man who the outdoors since he was just a boy . he went with his father then with the boy and when he eventually grew to become a man he often what he to do with his life . maybe a park ranger or some kind of outdoorsman . when he saw in a local job offering that a position as a fire watch in a nearby national park was open he took the job . what are s that he kept in a personal journal during his brief period in the tower . log june nd i finally made it up to this place the around here really take a toll on you . quite an enjoyable hike however . they call this tower rising sun . apparently due to the fact that the tower a dark silhouette when the sun . the around here look like they d be great for too bad that i have a job to do out here . log june th today was an interesting day . i decided to go down s trail i don t know why but i felt to it s hard to explain but something about it drew me towards it . despite the fact that it was a long and somewhat arduous trail with its steep and of falling to injury or even death i . still even if i to go forward i eventually turned around for two . one my post for an extended amount of time was likely a bad idea and two . . . well something felt off when i was there . almost as if i was being at but i know that s not the case it t make any sense for it to be . log june th today my tenth day here and by god have the past few been getting to me . three days ago i to hike down s trail once more however i a noise . it is impossible to describe but the thing i can describe it as a mixture between a woman and a dying deer . i ran as fast as i could back to the tower and it in to command . they said that it may have been a mountain lion but i doubt that . they said they would send someone it s been three days since then and nothing come . last night i t sleep . i know for a fact that i someone or something walking around outside the tower . whatever it was even trying to walk up the tower but it either gave up or stood still . either way this morning nothing was there . i feel unsafe and i know i m being watched and i m beginning to consider the prospect of leaving the tower permission or not i value my own life over my job . log june th whatever is out there it won t let me leave . whoever they sent had either been by it or never came . i seen it myself ! it around the watching with its glowing orange i don t know if it seen me directly yet but it i m here . it is vaguely human in shape but it s something else . tall pale and it to possess curved similar to that of a goat . i imagine it s preferred method of killing is with its or with its teeth . either way it does not matter . i cannot leave with this thing still alive so i either wait for it to come for me or i hunt it down myself . autopsy height in . weight of death unknown to be blood loss from severe . additional s remains were found on th along s trail his body shown severe to his torso and neck and his date of death was to be june nd . into the park have now begun and the search for the creature in his his journal not yet been nor seen it is possible he was suffering from due to insomnia . i run a private campground . it s a little more dangerous of an occupation than you d think on account of the and flesh eating and the . i think it its toll on the here as we cannot continue with our in blissful ignorance thinking that every disappearance or death is just a mundane misfortune . some of us like the old sheriff have to do something about them . if you re new here you should really start at the beginning and if you re totally lost this might are bad . real bad . i feel i t be writing this but i just need to stay calm and this ritual of sitting down at the computer and everything out to become comforting . it me feel a little less alone . i am desperate . and . if i fail tomorrow then i will die at my brother s hand . the day before thanksgiving my brother came to visit . there was frost on the grass that long after the sun rose . i think this may be a cold winter . i t keen on my brother at the given everything that s happening but he . he s been really into making these little mason jar a and to drop off some chocolate mousse . i have a sweet tooth so of course i agreed to take a couple off his . turns out it was a bribe . he to visit the thing in the dark . he me to take him there . despite growing up here my brother never took much interest in the inhuman outside of what was to stay alive . his knowledge is about avoidance and survival . while he a rough idea of etiquette he s never had any with the thing in the dark . i we walk as the thing in the dark already one of my four . i also a chance to talk with him some more . my brother and i have never been that close and i wonder if it is because we are so different in our or if it s because he tried to kill me . regardless of the reason i always felt like maybe i was missing out on something by not that sibling relationship . we a little about the campground . he s gone through s old . he s not entirely sure of what he s found and i m not sure either because whatever he said was out of my mind by everything that next . they came up from behind us . their were silent on the dirt and gravel road and the rustle of their registered as nothing more than the wind in the leaves . it was the unease that finally made me turn like the brush of a breath on the back of my neck causing a thin shudder to run down my spine . an instinct that kept humanity alive for all this time . i whipped around my hand falling instinctively to my knife . funny that it s become a part of me now . i still despise it of course . it is made from the of my family by that take what they will and against whom we have no recourse and my helpless hatred is bound up in it . but it is a weapon and i will turn it into an extension of my anger . even beau the ferocity with which i wield the knife now that my confidence in it grown . i stopped short of drawing it upon finding myself face to face with seven silent faceless . more than the last time i met them i think . they must have before i closed the campground for the year . i bristled at the thought . what do you want ? i snapped . i admit i was spoiling for a fight . the horror of what they done how they one of my staff into those infernal was not erased by their assistance with the lady in . an alliance out of convenience did not make up for their . beau s advice hung heavy over me but i think we established here that i can be a bit hot headed . all i was an excuse and beau s warning would be damned . nothing from you one said . we have business with him another said . it raised a hand and pointed at my brother . its scalpel was already poised in its and the blade as it out in the direction of my brother s chest . my anger went cold in my . my stomach twisted and it felt like my chest was tight like i t breathe quite right . i at the hilt of my knife so tight that my . this is my brother ! i cried . haven t you taken enough from my family ? we have not one . there is more to be done . it is far less than we will take if you continue to refuse another said . fear like a moth through my heart but i did not step aside . this was my brother . t i supposed to keep him and everyone else safe ? perhaps i t capable of the latter but i d be damned if i at the former . it s fine my brother said a hand on my shoulder . i always known this could happen someday . but you re doing that protective older sister thing . and the way he said it it like an admonishment . i was . like i do that ? i never thought my brother and i were that close so how could i have a thing like that ? he stepped past me and the . they closed in around him in a circle their to me . one out and my brother s wrist turning his arm palm down . another his sleeve back past his elbow . a third raised its scalpel . they handled him gently their concern belying their . this was too much . i t stand here and do nothing . my body felt light like i was floating like i was acting outside of myself . perhaps i could distract them enough that he could escape . perhaps i d kill them . or perhaps i d die like my great aunt . i was ready to find out . then two of the broke from the circle and turned to face me . they formed up side by side blocking my path . do not test our patience camp manager the one on the right said . the cost of interfering will not be your life but something far worse . there s something about being with a fate worse than death that will cause just about anyone to pause . it s like a punch to the gut . i faced these in the past of course but i had my anger to carry me through . right now i just felt . afraid for my brother . angry but in a helpless futile sort of way . a sickly anger that my strength instead of it . i and i myself for it . my brother said from inside the ring of his voice high and strained . please . let me save you for once . the harvester with the scalpel turned the blade and to cut . the in s forearm with the effort of still and silent . i had to look away . they took a strip of skin from the elbow to the wrist an inch wide . the harvester carefully folded this up on itself and the bloody bundle into a pocket . another crouched and took up a handful of dirt from the ground and this into the wound . my brother silent the entire time his pallor sheet white shaking and struggling to remain on his . i ran to him as soon as the parted and let me through . he against me his breathing rapid and i put his good arm around my shoulder to help support his weight . are you satisfied now ? i snapped at the . can we go ? indeed we are . good day camp manager . i turned us around towards the direction of home . the went in the opposite direction to the deep . guess we won t be visiting the thing in the dark after all my brother said with a weak laugh . are you going to make it back ? i him . i think so . he down at his arm dangling limply at his side . bleeding stopped . i over . blood was no longer running down his arm and the blood already coating his wrist and was starting to dry into a tacky film . the dirt had turned to mud from the blood tinged darkly red but it was holding fast to the wound . i told him to not touch it . certainly it t seem sanitary but it was something they d done to other . it stopped the bleeding and no one had an infection from it yet . i suppose it was the rare mercy they for the they t want to die . i for staff to meet us with a four wheeler and to get an ambulance out to the campground . it was a smart move for t make it that far before he and threw up in the ditch . there was blood mixed in the bile and admitted that he d been biting his cheek the whole time to keep from screaming . with the now out of sight i felt we could just sit and wait until help to transport him the rest of the way . maybe he was delirious from blood loss or pain but as they were loading him up in the back of the ambulance he me to thanksgiving . i never celebrated with my brother and his wife before . in the past i spent it with my aunt and uncle but they re both dead now . this year i had some from other because even though the family is in turmoil about how this worst year is being handled and at odds as to what i should be doing instead we re still family . they must have behind my back because i got a handful of strategic carefully timed so that i could take my pick of what kind of thanksgiving dinner i . did i want to eat with some close to my age where the house would be filled with screaming ? or did i want to eat with someone from the prior generation where it would be quiet demure and we d probably all pass out and nap during the post meal football game ? i even got from outside the family which was unusual . i suppose everyone sorry for me right now ? somewhat awkwardly that his mother was the one that came up with the idea . the old sheriff me up and saying that his wife it would be a mundane thanksgiving no additional oddness . this t her people s holiday after all . i even had yes the old staff member offer to host . he got a deep fryer this year and was anxious to show it off . i don t think he had any other other than the turkey though . i in a favor with a and they re dropping off some stuffing and potatoes for him i tentatively brought up the offer again as we sat in the er waiting while the nurse washed his arm down with iodine and it up . he t need a skin graft the doctor said but it was going to leave a nasty scar . turns out the offer was genuine . his wife s idea . she d sent to ask me in person as well as drop off some of that mousse . the detour into the was his idea and she fixed him with a steely glare as she said that . so i stepped into the hallway and the old sheriff and told him about my brother s offer and he said i should take it . certainly i d said i d have thanksgiving with them and we d agreed to talk out what between us after dinner but this was an offer of peace from s wife . i should accept it . he d said some he t and i d lost my temper but i knew that he d always be here for me right ? and he knew i was doing what i could right ? yeah . i knew i said . i d go have dinner with my brother . the er him and his wife drove him home . i drove to the grocery store in the next town over because i was now responsible for potatoes and cranberry sauce . so that us to the real problem . the one i may have to die for . i up early to thanksgiving to help his wife finish cooking . of course t help much with his one arm up and hurting . he sat on the sofa and kept the baby which as far as i could tell just involved making at her . it was a peaceful and ordinary dinner . we t talk about the campground or any other unnatural . his wife was making for already . i pointed out that their daughter would be too young to remember anything and crossly said that t the point . it was her first . besides t i be making more of an effort if i t want to take a swim with the again ? so we t entirely avoid talking about anything inhuman . halfway through dinner they put their daughter down to nap in her crib . we to her on the baby monitor for a while before she dozed off . then as his wife was getting the pumpkin pie and as was happily the time the physics teacher taught us about velocity by a rifle into the classroom i something odd . at first i thought it was the baby monitor and that the infant was waking up . then the sound drawing closer to the front of the house . i hastily and intently . across the table my brother grew pale . he knew what this sudden tension on my face meant . from the kitchen his wife to ask what was wrong and he for her to be quiet . i hear it too he whispered . go get your gun i told him . the quiet stamp of a large hoofed animal . it was circling the house . carefully his chair back from the table . the shotgun was in a gun case in the garage . the key was hidden in the bedroom . they figured it t too soon to start gun safety with a baby in the house but now those were working against us . i also got up and made for my purse where my knife was away . i saw his wife raise an eyebrow at me as i it out . clearly she did not hear the or did not register their significance . i for her to walk towards me but i suppose i t hide where my gaze was set well enough for instead she turned around to see what i was looking at . staring in through the kitchen window was the dapple gray stallion . its forehead against the window and its breath fogged up the so that the only part of it you could see clearly were its . my brother s wife cursed and backwards nearly dropping the pumpkin pie . she hastily it onto the counter even while i at her to forget the damn pie she to move . i lunged forwards trying to grab her and drag her backwards but the horse was faster . it its head back and then its forehead forwards and through the glass . the window the frame cracked and the horse s head was inside the house . it its mouth and at us a maniacal and i swear that i saw unnaturally prominent when it its mouth . then it its head back and forth and the house at the force of its body . the plaster around the window to crack and the nearest cupboard fell from the wall and against the floor with a deafening sound of shattering . i s wife and dragged her backwards her behind me . i the knife at the horse and it breathing hard one eye staring warily at me . your master is looking for you i said evenly . maybe you should just clear out before it you ? then burst into the kitchen with his shotgun . he t even hesitate . he just raised the gun and fired . the horse and its head backwards back through the window as the blast sliced through its thick hide and blood across the sink and . for a moment we stood still breathing hard and as the horse . how is it here ? my brother breathlessly . it t come here before . i turned trying to follow the sound of the horse s . it was retreating but it t gone yet . still circling the house albeit from a distance . the mud i said in horror . we took it off too soon . both my brother and his wife at me like i was crazy but i forged ahead with my theory . i m used to such . in the . that s how it works the mud is used to cover up the blood so you don t leave a trail . i thought it would be safe once you were off the campground but it t the on the campground they were trying to hide you from . it was the horse . and we took it off before you were safely home . we led it here my brother said aghast as realization on him . it s after me . from somewhere else in the house came the sound of another window shattering . swore and ran towards it the shotgun as he ran . i stayed with his wife her up against an interior wall so that i d be between her and anything that got inside . anything being a horse the size of an elephant . i m not really sure what i hoped to do considering it d probably collapse the roof on top of us if it decided to just take out a wall to get inside . another window this time from the opposite end of the house . it s toying with us ! my brother . so when said a horse told him to kill you as his wife said tentatively . yep . this is it . i had a horse try to kill me as a she said with a nervous giggle . it bordered on the edge of hysteria so i thought it best that she keep talking even if it t helpful . it was a pony and its name was goldenrod . well our goldenrod is the size of an elephant and eats people i . more glass . the house and i wood splinter . how many were in this house anyway ? did the horse intend on breaking all of them just for ? then i the sound of a baby screaming . i to move in that direction but s wife was faster . she past me screaming her child s name and in the direction of the nursery . she got there before either of us . i just in time to look over s shoulder at the window the wall underneath bent inwards where the horse had through the frame and the plaster . just far enough to get its neck further inside the house so that it could reach the crib . the baby was gone . his wife at the of the crib . her were the only thing i could hear . numb i stood there and watched as went to her taking her and she away from him still screaming . struck weakly at his face and his arms until he let go and he could only stand there helplessly . then he turned to me his face hollow . like i was looking at a dead man . i t say anything . i just picked up the shotgun and over the broken window frame . i the horse s sunk deep into the earth that was still soft from a recent rain . i it to where it for me at the edge of the property . my niece was on its back . she lay on her back seemingly stuck fast by some power . she unharmed and was making quiet of confusion and dismay but did not seem to be in any great distress . it s me you want right ? i the horse slowly approaching keeping the shotgun s barrel pointed at the ground . give her back to them and you can have me . the horse turned its head sideways me carefully and then it spoke . its voice was thick and guttural like it was choking out its . i am not as simple a brute creature as you assume it said . i do not want to be the one to kill you . i have already foregone such . you want my brother to do it . . it off into a laugh . but because he is recalcitrant i must find a substitute . my niece . it would raise her it said . she would grow quickly feral and strong and it would teach her to eat the flesh of her own kind . when she was ready it would send her to the campground and i would die at the hand of my own kin and they would both consume my body . it deeply at the thought of such a betrayal . are you trying to take over the campground too ? i edged closer trying to decide if i could cross the distance in time . if i could even reach with my knife . i felt like any attempt would look like a jack terrier taking on a great with similar . perhaps i could it . if you rid it of my former master first . it disinterested perhaps believing i t capable of such a feat . then it made a different offer . it would give my niece back to her it said if my brother finished what he so long ago . what the dapple gray stallion had whispered in his ear when it to make him greater than me when it him everything that he t have . kill me . kill me and give himself over to the dapple gray stallion s will . only then would he release my niece . we had three days to decide . i m a campground manager . but i am also a sister and i am also an aunt . perhaps my family is a little selfish keeping this campground running so that the town and us can survive and even profit off it . i am certainly a selfish person the of my as an inconvenience at first and then as a personal defeat as a challenge i to rise to instead of a tragedy to grieve . but there are a few where that selfishness is stripped away . blood is one of them . family . i think of my late aunt and how she me unconscious so that i t interfere with her sacrifice . so that i t stop her from giving herself to the little girl so that she would die instead of me . the power of sacrifice is the power of them all . i spent getting my in order . then i my brother today and him to come over to my house . just him so we could talk without his wife present . i told him i was going to make an attempt at the dapple gray stallion s capture . i have no plan . there t time . but if i fail then we take the bargain . i gave him my pistol . he what to do with it . i leave in the morning to find the stallion x read the full list of because i might not be around to protect you . visit the campground ' s . i ' . . . never been much of a dater . honestly i suck at it . i ' m pretty much average in every way you can think of . average height average face average to the point you could call me the mean . never really any interest in me and it ' s not like i them either . i never felt special so why bother . i so many horror from my older about how much rejection hurt that i just ' t try . i ' t let it bother me as much when i was younger . the way i figured it i ' d get into college be myself and hopefully find the future . average . well that was ago and my college career came and went and my dating life was non existent . yeah there were a few here and there but nothing concrete . i guess i ' t have the charisma or the eloquence to be a great romantic . but i have a heart too you know and it after a while not being . i ' spent the last year trying to fix this and mainly through dating . i live in a pretty sleepy town and there ' s not a huge population of here to choose from if i ' m honest . those in my league on me long ago so i thought i ' d cast the net wide and see if anyone to talk to regular me . i up for nearly all of them safe for those weird reserved for the super religious or those that dress up like . that ' s not really my bag . bumble hinge you name i up for it and i got nowhere . i mean no interest nobody no nothing . turns out i ' m about as magnetic as a potato and about as tasty to as a magnet is . that of course and i my in the last place a desperate heart should go tinder i know i know . i can hear you laughing at me from behind your computer . why go to the most savage most cutthroat " only the aesthetically pleasing may apply " place on the ? desperation simply my laughing friend . at first i tried my . i read measured up compatibility and took a good look at how i was on and in the end it got me nowhere . i up my and even got a friend to do some and smoothing out and still nothing . i decided then to be extra needy and just start right on every single profile i could find . quantity not quality ! that was my mantra and i ' d be there happily zipping through so fast i ' t tell who was under my thumb . i could have right on a donkey wearing yoga pants and i still would have taken the match . til that annoying pop up would ruin my day . " you ' used up your swipes come back in " . that my momentum so regrettably i for tinder gold and have unlimited swipes . this had to work . i had no now surely some woman to date me . so i into overdrive . i worked out a pretty great system actually . i ' d watch and just swipe not even looking at the . i ' d set a timer for and then i d check to see if anyone bit . you ' d get some that way and being honest most of them were swipes from or or people with no sense of conversation . have you ever with someone the dialogue and they just don ' t respond ? no decency to they just stare at you like some sort of vaguely pretty blank statue unresponsive and bland . a week in and i still ' t gotten a meaningful conversation and i got sick of it . i up the to go and cancel it all when a weird surge through the screen . it went black for a second and was unresponsive and before i could hold down the power button to restart it a message up . " you ' over a thousand times and no . why not try tinder black and enjoy a totally experience ? no need to swipe we find the perfect partner for you i a huge price tag and being with more undatable like myself and for our gold enjoy a complimentary tinder black match on us . then a little box up imploring me to sign up no x for it though . i thought about it for a moment . i t of this new service and it sketchy but then again it knew enough about me to be plausible . they d definitely have my and it was probably a thousand swipes at least the way i was doing it . it i thought it s not like could get worse and i the sign up button . the into a new black and white theme the little flame with a little black heart on fire . the of new love i guess . get ready we re the finishing on our pick the screen we know you re love . graphics and a name up on the screen . emma b ! the screen faded again and a gorgeous face the . she incredible . pale skin with the right number of stunning scarlet red hair a smile that could make wonder see and the most amazing . i never saw anything like them before . i swear they were purple the anyway . definitely or some up kind of hazel but i m not an optometrist so what do i know ? what i did know though was that this woman was incredible looking and so far out of my league we t even the same game . this was an against an amateur player who t even that good at winking but does it for the human interaction . i through the other . not only was her face incredible but she had the body of a goddess . tall and lean there were at least bikini and a few of her in elegant all the while her drew you in like a hug . i was in love a little already . the were sparse . she was and self employed but t specify . it t matter though because before i could finish looking through her profile i got a message alert . she the dialogue herself ! i the icon and there was the first message hey there pally i m emma . i m so glad tinder black worked out for the both of us and you look really cute . would you like to chat ? i think i back a reply so fast i nearly cracked the phone screen . our relationship grew from there . turns out we were really similar . same music same and she actually gave a damn about me you know ? she sent me at work throughout the day and she had an excellent gif game . like scary good it was love man . we even doing these little watch every night a site that you screen share . we d go back and forth stuff me with my comic book she old action and i think we watched every movie ever made . she had this amazing voice too . the right kind of tone the right pitch . it would get high during her excited of conversation and when our would inevitably move to a more romantic arena . she was perfection . the only problem was this damn covid . we to meet for and we t til one night i t take it . i raised the idea of me breaking the quarantine to go see her and braced myself for the rejection . instead she really ? i d love that baby seriously . these last few have been torture talking to you without even getting a kiss . come see me baby it be a night you never forget when she sent me a pic of her in new purple lacy lingerie i ran to my car and drove into the dark night so fast the in the corner of my room saw a dust apparition of me collapse into nothingness . she lived about an hour away in a city near the border . she sent me the address and my phone s led me to an apartment building down by the . new and modern it expensive and i made a mental note to ask emma about her job . she must have had serious dough . i and up to the main entrance . i on her house number a and baby ? the voice came back and it was definitely emma it s the loving express emma i back and her were momentarily blocked out by the buzz of the door opening . i took the elevator up and t even have to knock on the door . there she was in a dressing gown and a huge smile . shorter than i thought but stunning was too weak a word to describe this kind of beauty . she radiated it . baby ! she and wrapped her arms around me hugging me tight and way than i thought . faded though as she me fast and my mind to swim . i felt like lightning hit me that kiss was so good . that kiss felt like the feeling you get peeling the plastic off of new electronics times a million . it was every slice of cake you ever ate coming back to you at once and dancing the on your tongue . it was getting a clap on the back from superman and the lama while in the background . it was the heaven of heavens the of holy . it was beyond description . she led me to her sitting room and i barely the of the apartment . it but these days love that stuff so who i am to question that . she me down into a seated position and sat on my lap kissing me more and more . if you could get drunk off affection i was punch drunk by the second kiss and i t even need anything more . the sight of this beauty in my arms kissing me of her own free will was like an eraser rubbing out of on the of my life . her kiss was so good even though she was full on with her tongue . she slid off my lap onto the floor and put her palm over my . no ? i enjoying the game . before we go any further baby i have to know . are you going to be faithful to me ? forever and ever and ever ? i i will i will emma you know i will her voice was will you devote yourself to me like a good boy ? i playfully against her palm i renounce all other before you emma you re all i need she a little you re the then she my knee and a sharp pang of pain rose up through my leg . i cried out a little feeling the torn fabric and free of her palm blindfold . what knelt before me was something out of nightmare and fantasy rolled into one . she her immaculate body the the perfection the proportion . but her mask had slipped and and become primal monstrous almost demonic . those big turned a full deep violet and they up at me with a knowing taunt as a tongue long and serpent like of her venom across a mouth and that split than anything a human could manage . her were sharp and a thin trickle of blood ran over the one still around my knee . she at me with a smirk and her long forked tongue out and the blood off her claw tip . delicious her voice still infectious and sweet and sexy . but you t have peaked . like you usually devote yourselves to me in the dark and rarely see me for who i really am i against her grip as she whispered in my ear now that you seen me for what i am i ask you again . i m fair after all . i may be a monster but consent is still important i back as she in my ear do you devote yourself to me baby ? i can promise you a life of you never forget . you serve me yes but with a smile and i never give you a reason to go . all you need to do is devote and let e taste your soul . i promise i won t drink it all . we ' be together forever and ever and ever and you can leave your boring life behind she again and i t know what to do . her kiss had me but without constant contact i could feel myself to my . seeing the nightmare at my i no i can t i can t i and and she let me go with a laugh albeit a sad one . i guess even can t catch a break as i took off running out of her apartment . the last thing i remember was her sweet voice calling out to me as i ran down the fire . feel free to match me again on the i don t take it personally ! i got into my car and rolled down the window tossing the phone into the sea and speeding off into the night . that was a month ago now and i m not quite sure how to process what to me . i all the dating and tried in person stuff for a while . speed dating is actually pretty fun and i tried a few more too . sadly though my old returned and i just t get anyone in me . i found myself missing her her laugh and her humour and the of conversation we . maybe it was genuine i don t know . but it me thinking of whether what she was offering was all that bad . my life is nothing really and if i tomorrow the only people who would notice would be those who of the smell in the hallway after a week . my new phone came in the post today and the previous are all except for the last one . i m the finishing on this note just in case . i think i have a fun time ahead of me but this will be here just to dispel anyone thinking i went and decided to disappear off into the night out of unhappiness . i did it for something more than a life of merely . as i finish the phone me know tinder black . i log in and i see a familiar face with a new message miss me ? for the lonely out there there are you know . you may get with someone completely out of your or your but if you get on well with them t that what ? there are worse that can happen than getting the soul out of you . the title in itself should be an indicator of how up this is going to be . if anything it ' s just a piece of what ' s and what ' s going to happen . i t know how all of this this curse . none of us did . it s been on my father s side for at least . he used to tell me that when i was a on the few where his mind was sober enough . he had it his father had it his father s father had it and so forth for several . none of us knew where we had gotten it from though there s been a couple of circling around the family . some that a distant ancestor made a pact with the devil in exchange for it while that it s the result of some kind of genetic defect . i t know for certain if involvement with the supernatural or evolution had anything to do with it but it t necessarily matter . all i knew was that it was carried only through the in the family and if you were unfortunate enough to be born with the chromosome your fate had already been decided . my old man knew the effects of the curse as he had already close to four because of it . he initially t intend on marrying my mother solely because the thought of an offspring with the same defect as he him . but as they say the heart what it and in his case he had several to spare . when i was born my mother said that my old man had a look of affection and despair of equal measure in his . he was happy that i was born healthy and well but the fact that i was born a boy was enough to make my birth a bittersweet occasion . as far as i know my dad t believe in god he had abandoned faith ago but he that i t have the same condition as him . unfortunately following a rather nasty accident when i was six after i my ball in the middle of the road his worst were confirmed . i don t know how bad the collision was . hell i don t even remember half of what but according to my mother i hardly human when the ambulance . i m pretty sure i was already dead at that point but as if by a miracle they to resuscitate me at the hospital with little effort . the that had initially my condition that i would need several and a new set of if there was going to be any hope for me but to their astonishment not even a few later i . my face returned to normal my were accordingly within me and i t look like i had been in an accident at all . i was just fine . the t know what to think of the situation and my dad t let them get the chance to inspect it any closer before he had me . we drove home that day in complete silence but when i at the rear view mirror to catch a glimpse of my father s face all i could see were streaming down from his by the . what s wrong dad ? i to the . he only said one thing . i m sorry son . i m so sorry after that my dad lost himself to substance abuse and alcoholism . he had from it for before i was born but after he met my mother he had put his to the side for the sake of her happiness . following that incident however he and drank himself half to death each and every night . he was never violent or abusive even in his intoxicated state but he was broken beyond repair . our family tried to cope with it for a time . my mother tried her best she really did . she knew about the curse but she t understand a damn thing about it . despite this she tried her best to be there for both of us but her were in vain . my dad t help himself nor could she . the my mother spent trying to repair the family only her to fall into a similar hole like my dad . after five of and pushing up she let herself slide down the hill as well . she leaving our house late in the sometimes not even until the day after . i knew she sought comfort in the arms of other men and to be honest i can t blame her for trying to find another source of happiness . she still us i knew she did but the weight of our curse was her too far down . when she was home she was my mother thoughtful and kind . but when she was out she was out . when i was ten on a night when my was out i woke up to the sound of running water from the bathroom down the hallway . curiosity me and i down there to check it out and the door to find my father in the bathtub completely in bloody water with the faucet still running . my childhood innocence came to an end when i the gaping bleeding hole in his chest and the image of his heart floating seemingly haphazardly in the water that would come to haunt me for . screaming his name i my father up from the water to the best of my ability even when my strength was the equivalent of a twenty pound dog at that age . by some miracle i to get him out of the tub and onto the bathroom floor though i slid and my head slightly against the in the process . the pain was there and i to bleed but all i could afford to concern myself with was my dad . i don t know how long i sat there for screaming and pounding at him like a rabid animal with pouring from my . the water had by then to stream from the bathtub and gather on the floor soaking both me and my already wet father but i t care . maybe five later i a gasp erupt from his throat and i froze . my dad s to flicker and when they found mine he to tear up as well . later he sat up and assessed the gaping hole in his shirt it for any damage . i t see anything at first from the amount of blood that had his clothes but when he his shirt and down at his chest i was to see that his skin was free of any wound . my dad to cry . no he t cry he was screaming . he bent over the submerged floor and repeatedly his against the and t stop until his to crack and visible through the skin . he was like a child just their mother s womb . with the amount of blood that was covering him it actually like he had just been born . and yet with what of my childlike innocence i could already tell that he nothing more than to die . damn it ! he cried again and again . god damn ! ! my mind t comprehend half of what he said but all i knew was that i t want him to hurt himself . i desperately clung to his side begging him to stop but my fell on deaf . it t until maybe ten later that he stopped stripped of all stamina and strength to continue his self destructive . he turned to me and the guilt that him was almost equal to the rage he experienced before . we were both crying like and he wrapped his arms around me and over and over again until there was no strength left in his voice to apologize with . i m sorry he said barely the volume of a whisper . i m so sorry . i m sorry i did this to you i t know if he was to me for suicide or because of what he had unknowingly done to me by me . to this day i still don t but i m willing to bet that it was a mixture of both . when we both down he sat back against the bathroom wall with me still on his lap clinging to him like a man to a straw . inappropriate comparison i know . he then to tell me everything everything about this curse about his family about what this entire wretched ordeal was about . i and i understood everything right away . abandoned my innocence ago it was easy for me to grasp the severity of the situation . i don t know how but i got it . in my father s family we t die . we simply t neither nature nor mankind would grant us the privilege . only age to do the trick when the body naturally to decay and all that would be left was an empty husk . as such we would be forced to endure the of the world until our final breath never knowing the sweet relief of death until he came knocking on the door himself . there t a lot of people left on my father s side of the family and the few that did what they could to handle the situation on their own . most of them already had a foot in their by the time i first came to see them but they hardly . some dealt with or used their immortality to commit heinous for a living . they were already living a hell so they t fear to one once their had . i would come to meet some of them later in life either through or by choice but it in absolutely nothing . i thought at some point that meeting like me would help ease my pain but all we could do was offer our and go on with our misery . i m not going to go into too much detail about that because it s not that relevant . my dad then let out a deep sigh and the back of his head against the wall and i t doubt that it was a deliberate movement . he was far from done with himself as i would come to learn later . then he said something that t make sense to me at the time . i won t let her take you he whispered . i won t looking back on it i come to realize that he was already dead . the worst part was just that his body t let him go . after that night i fell into a deep depression . while i never quite the same darkness as my dad i darkness nonetheless . depression weighed heavily down on me during my teenage and i tried on various to kill myself though it was more of a dabble than anything else . sometimes it would be by different that i to get from different from everything between bleach and simple sleeping . however all there ever was in of death was momentary darkness by ruined clothes and a new sense of apathy . but whenever i was in that brief darkness i thought i saw someone standing there smiling at me . i never got to see them for long before i into the world of the living and so i never gave it much thought though i should . eventually i lost count of how many and of self respect i lost over the . i even lost the concept of pain at some point during my adolescence and so i t fear it . it was still there but from of experience . at one point i tried to pull the why method but it was messy so i t recommend it . the only thing i out of that endeavor was a ruined shirt and a new appreciation for bleach . i tried to find some sense of purpose in this life of mine some kind of belonging but there was none to be found in my . my dad continued to wither away and my t handle it and left . i was seventeen when she up and went but before she did she left me a letter at length to both me and my dad . she us but she t handle the death we of . she had a life to live and she intended to do just that . i don t blame her in the . it was a miracle that i to make it past high school but i t bother for college . my t bad but not college material so i settled for a simple job instead to carry me into my early adult . it t much but it was enough to support me and my dad and keep a roof over our so it was adequate enough . as for my job i work several of them though my most prominent one is as a server at this fancy restaurant the red . it s one of those where only the go to entertain themselves and i m i even got the job at all . the pay s good enough but sometimes dealing with the snob that occupy the space t worth it . i can t tell you how many times i come close to killing myself while taking someone s not that it would do me much in the long run . however it s noteworthy to mention that it was here i met one of my more interesting . a woman young and extremely attractive wearing a red dress that the interior within that god forsaken building . her hair was in a deep crimson that hardly natural but still it that way . she was a regular at the restaurant and i was the one who more than often took her . the thing that me was that despite how she blended into the restaurant something stuck out about her like a sore thumb though i t put my finger on it . for some reason she familiar . at first i linked her interesting presence with her appetite . while she was thin and curvaceous in all the ways that any man would find desirable she had a seemingly insatiable hunger . she often ordered large of at a time but none of them were for any . she always sat there by her lonesome like a lady who had been stood up by her companion though it was clear that there was no companion in the picture at all . she ate everything on her own and finished off all of her at record speed . i often if she simply them into her mouth like a vacuum cleaner . after watching her on however i came to the startling discovery that she ate just like any other person albeit at a considerable pace . one day while working my shift i saw her again . there she sat in the corner booth she always in the same red dress as before and a sultry smile that she only towards me . i had seen other take her but there would always be this strained look on her face of disappointment . anyway i over to her note in hand and prepared to take her request as per usual . before i could come up with the good day what will you be today ? she her cheek on her hand and said you re right ? i blinked . excuse me ? you re she repeated casually . ? yes ? i uncertainly . i m sorry but do i know you ? she . somewhat though we never met before outside of this disgusting establishment disgusting ? if she found it disgusting then why bother to come here at all ? if there s been an issue with the food then i can give your review to the che but she raised her hand and stopped me mid sentence evidently disinterested in whatever excuse i could come up with for the food . i m not here for the food not this at least she said . i m for you unable to contain my composure any further i my . who are you and how do you know my name ? she a laugh that me of someone who s been waiting for to tell a bad joke . i know you or your family at least she and with the rim of her wineglass . we were once though it s been so long now that i m willing to call dust my you just said we never met outside this restaurant i pointed out careful as to keep my tone down . that s true . i never known you but your were a funny lot . making only to go against them once they found our deal unappealing she suddenly the glass around the so much so that it as if she was about to break it . i gave them the power of in exchange for their and they me by scattering into the wind and leaving me in the dust to starve the elegant way she carried herself t conceal the sheer anger that radiated from her but it did little to make me understand the situation . what the are you talking about ? i not about how unsavory my were . this woman was crazy . she eyed me with mild exasperation as if she was talking to a child whose only response to her were why s that ? i told your bastard that i would grant them immortality for as long as they lived if they fed and sustained me and they did for a while . but then the idea to run off and exploit the gift i gave them came to their small and they left me to rot the glass broke in her and i . i them the gift of lasting life void of pain and sickness and they me by leaving me behind to starve i to believe that this woman was in the head and a desperate psych evaluation but something in my head to come together at her and rather than confusion i felt nothing but rage towards her instead . gift ? i spat the in my hand to the point where i to tear it to . what gift ? my family s because of this curse . my dad a little each day and you call it a gift ? i t know what she was or what she but yet something about me already knew her like a long lost acquaintance . she unimpressed with my anger . if anything she found it amusing . whatever mess you made of my gift you done yourself . don t blame me for your petty i to shout at her scream like i did as my father did and like my mother did . instead all that came out of my throat was a question that was hardly audible . what the hell are you ? she . i guess you could call me an old god of she . though i never much for your human . call me whatever you wish immediately came to my head but i from saying it . a god ? i almost . you re god ? don t be foolish she almost offended . i m not that god like you re familiar with . contrary to what you might think he s not the only one and he s far from the . he s got his own mess to deal with and i don t have time to meddle in his . wait god is real ? she again indifferent to the name . in a way though he s grown with humanity as a whole . i on the other hand am on your lot unfortunately why ? your flesh is like it or not of vital importance to me . i cannot live without it she the broken to the floor not about the fact that i was the one who had to clean it up after her . however i m not a savage . one of the i made with your was so that i t have to hunt like an animal to sustain myself . you were supposed to be my i gave of my flesh to them and in turn they would feed me . that s why you cannot die because a tiny minuscule piece of me is inside you she a finger on my chest all sense of personal space . let me get this straight i said wide as i studied her finger . you re an old god who cannot live on anything else but human flesh to survive and my made some kind of up deal with you to make them live to their until they die ? yes she said . why not eat someone else then ? her . i m not some savage animal . i prefer to keep decent when i can afford it though your lot have made it difficult for some time now i thinking carefully about my next question . and why is it just the men who get this . gift ? again she . i gave my gift to men and so it was through them to their sons . though in hindsight maybe i should given in to the instead . you obviously don t have the brain capacity to think through she back again and . i cut to the chase . i m . it s been since i last had a proper meal and this cheap flesh you re serving like . i cannot live by it so i m willing to propose an offer for you i an eyebrow at her not necessarily liking where this was going . what kind of offer ? she pointed at me again . you me ? yes you she said . you can become my provider she spread her arms open with a sick smile on her face . feed me . give me your flesh your your skin . give me your life for as long as you live and when the time comes you will let your offspring continue the tradition and their offspring in turn . keep the promise your to deliver and i will repay you accordingly . no more pain no more misery . your family can die when you please as long as you keep your promise to me why me ? i bewildered her like some kind of freak show attraction . why not other of my family ? the who are left ? why not you ? she and her cheek back down again on her hand . the rest of your family is too widespread for me to bother searching for them too old . you re the one there is left the one with the most potential . the rest have polluted themselves with far too much to be considered desirable . i only found you by chance the story of how a young boy to survive a fatal car crash was quite exhilarating to read about in the . that s how you found me ? she . i at her request for far too long . the deal shady as hobo but the notion of being freed from my misery somehow made me to accept . the only thing that i t trust was her and a of other but i t in a place or shape to keep her waiting . what will you give me in return ? i cautiously . to this inquiry she stood up and over to me her head into my ear and whispered her compensation . i let your father go i stepped back from her face pale as i her . what ? i let your father go she repeated . accept my proposal and i let die you can do that ? i not believing her at first . you can kill him ? i can you can kill any of us ? again she my question with a simple nod . yes then . why did you let us live ? i was on the verge of shouting at her of the pain my family at her flooding back into my brain . of torture suffering misery all because of her . why ? her turned into a firm scowl and i m ashamed to admit that i felt by it . what did you think your punishment was for me what was mine ? she voice dangerously low and sounding inhuman at some point . her attractive beautiful appearance to change ever so slightly into something monstrous though it only for a moment or so before she contorted back into her normal self . did you think i was going to let you reap off all the of your theft ? i t as your savior your lot me as a monster and so that s what i . i let you live but i let you die as well because of it . that s what you deserve the knowledge that she was the direct source of my family my father s pain made it tempting to retrieve one of the broken of glass that had to the floor and strike her with it . but as i watched her standing there waiting for my answer i came to the realization that she had the power i . death . i thought through it another moment then thought about my father and finally i turned back to her . how do i know you keep your word ? she took another step towards me then to my hand . give me your palm and i did . i my hand to her and she took it in hers and it to her face . at first i thought she was about to kiss it but to my shock and horror i watched as she parted her teeth coming into full view and bit down at my wrist . the sound of skin breaking and snapping through my ear but instead of screaming like i to i could only watch as she dug into my flesh like an animal starved of sustenance . finally she drew her mouth away from my hand along with a generous chunk of my flesh and the piece whole licking her blood like a child would with ice cream . meanwhile blood continued to gush out of my open wound and i quickly snapped my hand out of her grip and it trying my best to prevent it from bleeding out . i eventually to get the out . what the hell ? it heal she waved her hand at the sight of my pain . now our deal is complete . i see you soon . with that she turned and to walk towards the . before she could leave i after her . wait ! what about your part of the deal ? she stopped walking and turned to look over her shoulder and i never forget that devious smile . it was the same smile that i used to see when i and came to the darkness . i already done my part then she left and i was left with a blood gushing wound and an unmeasurable amount of shock . i don t remember how long i stood there but the sound of one of my shouting at me snapped me out of my state . ! what the hell man ? i snapped around to see one of the more decent in the restaurant looking at me with evident concern in his . as i was about to concoct an excuse his to the broken on the floor next to me . how the hell did you manage to break one of the glasses ? i what ? i at him confused . i t break it . that woman did what woman ? what do you mean what woman ? she just left t you see her ? dude there was no one there . you sure you re fine ? like you cut yourself real bad i t know what to make of the situation . for the rest of my shift i to convince myself that what i d seen t real but the spot on my arm as a constant reminder of what had . i knew it would heal in less than a day but for now it was a sign of the hellish exchange i d just made . as soon as my shift was over i hurriedly made my way home and out for my dad already before i through the door . the house was dark as per usual due to some unpaid and i had to navigate my way through the darkness with a flashlight i kept in the drawer . i kept calling him over and over again but he never once . i every room in the house without finding him but when i the door to his bedroom i found him . dead . he was lying on his back on top of his bed and although i initially him to simply be in a state of drunken stupor as usual when i checked him he was cold to the touch . i shook him several times and for a pulse but there was none to be found . he truly was dead and a sense of both sadness and relief through me . the man who had raised me who had been in such agony for all his life was dead . i took him into my arms and down at his face . his were closed as if he was sleeping but his mouth was spread into a content smile that that of a child who had just been from a nightmare . he was finally at peace . in death he truly alive . the woman or whatever she was she had kept her end of the bargain . now i have to keep mine . i write this as a letter of confession . that night i learned the true purpose of my existence and the cause of the hereditary misery that had plagued my family for . the responsibility fallen on my to see it through and i have to ensure that it if there s ever going to be hope for my . for my future and i m sorry for what i done but it had to be done . i hope you understand and maybe forgive me but i won t fault you if you don t . it in true fashion with an omen worthy of . as i was passing through a forested spot near my house on the way to nowhere in particular i have rather too much time you see and like to waste it doing silly like walking in i a hawk sitting in what to be an oak tree to my left staring off into the distance . now this took place just recently a little in and so all of the were of bark and leaf litter hence my hesitation as to the identity of the one in question with the exception of a few pathetic and scarce worth . i stood upon a broad flat path in the warmer by all manner of insufferable who had abandoned it as soon as the temperature below sixty it was into the middle of a hillside and so the ground sloped up to the right and down to the left . upon the hilltop there had recently been built a number of vinyl glazed of the kind typically bought by rich young and other hideous of the night at the base of the hill was a much more pleasant sight a sort of limpid marshy creek full of and and lined with good red mud . i say all this i admit partly to indulge my own but also in order to give the proper context for the omen . so then as i was walking along this trail i up to my left and saw a brown hawk sitting in one of the from the creek bank . immediately i froze and at it waiting for it to move . i dislike disturbing without good reason i fancy they can understand me . after an extended time it finally itself and flew off to the right . this was an interesting enough occurrence and perhaps meant something but it was not the omen worthy of . no that shortly after . i continued walking and soon i a rustling coming from a place up ahead slightly to my left . my first thought was that i had had the ill luck to encounter some oblivious off season visitor and that i would have to put up with them for as long as it took us to pass by each other but for as far down as i could see the trail was entirely vacant . then as i stood hesitating behold a white tailed doe leapt up out of the marsh and onto the middle of the path and turned her head to look at me . her of course were proverbially large and were so black and empty as to seem into a void much bigger than could ever fit behind them . she continued to stare at me and i at her for some time waggling her pointy and making uneasy before raising her tail and bounding away up the hill to the right . now this was an omen ! let the keep their bird flight foolery and the haruspices their for in looking into that doe s i was inspired with the knowledge that something momentous would soon occur unlike anything else i had yet experienced and that she would be involved in it somehow . it was as though she had to me a revelation of the divine . i knew it for a certainty the failure of such an event to materialize was out of the question . but even this prodigy was unworthy of nay rather the was yet to come . i continued down the path thinking i was alone once more when to my right i saw that same doe upon the hill behind a stately wolf tree and again turning her head almost demurely to look at me . we at each other for some more but eventually i came to realize that i was probably being rude and averted my gaze whereupon she immediately turned away from me as well i could still see her out of the corner of my eye to look at the source of another strange rustling coming from further up the hill . overcome with curiosity i turned to look again and behold a strapping young buck came out of a thicket of chestnut his short and his expression blank as a dead man s and he stood facing the doe not ten in front of her . of course i the fable of and the punishment he had received for disturbing such a wild wedding but because i like to pretend i am too smart to be afraid of the old i forced myself to keep watching . the buck advanced slowly towards the doe looking as though he were ready at any moment to pounce upon her but then just as he came close enough to nip at her she sprang away and they to wheel about in a sort of dance leaping in from place to place but always landing facing each other . i have never seen anything else like it and i fear i m not up to the task of it any better which is a shame for it was wondrous beyond all and i watched it as though . but this was not the omen worthy of . eventually the doe off and the buck turned to look at me instead . for the first time it to me that this was not a very safe situation to have put myself in . as if the prospect of to flee from a lovesick and notoriously territorial animal t bleak enough something also to have about this buck s appearance . he had been small though robust and young now he stood far taller than i a veritable king of the forest with long as lances hot for for jagged in the tooth sleek and rippling with muscle in short entirely capable of striking me dead on the spot . and yet for all this i thought i was the greater for i am a man rightful king over all and ruler of all nature . is not the fear of any brute beast unbecoming of us o reader ? but this was no mere brute beast for as he directly into my with such a look of contempt upon his face as would shame the devil himself he his mouth and in a voice deep and loud enough to make my breast bone rattle the single word die . and with this he to charge towards me his head bowed and his cruel shining like ivory . i had disturbed his wedding after all the doe had run off and i had been watching all the while probably they were unable to consummate their union because of my presence . and as soon as i this i at him again and that he was not in such perfect health as i had supposed for his right antler was broken off near the base . but there was no more time for reflection . he was now some fifty away from me down the hillside towards me and unless i to move quickly he would surely gore me through . accordingly i to run away down the path towards the edge of the forest which was not far off the entire forest being no bigger than a few dozen knowing that the buck would have to overcome his inertia and come to a stop before turning to chase me . by this maneuver i was able to place quite a distance between him and myself and at first it i would succeed in him to the forest s edge whereupon i had the unaccountable but unshakable belief that he would be forced to give up the pursuit . almost immediately i to hear hoof on the trail behind me . they grew and more frantic by the second and the faster i ran the faster they to gain on me . i not look back i still i had some chance of and i t afford to waste even a moment on anything besides running . i by a hornbeam i knew was only a minute s walk from the exit and not long after i saw the large rock marking the western terminus of the path leading out onto a quiet but well side road . my fear came close to dissolving and i thought i was saved . but this was not to be . just before i could jump over the rock i felt the thing s one antler plunge into my back but strange to say it savored more of warmth than of pain . i stood as the rest of the deer passing directly through my body like a phantom . the head with its hateful and horrible snout glorious from my chest like a triumphal car and the heavy of brass came not far behind then the then the great and finally the tail like a flag of surrender . but as it was leaving it struck me in the shoulder with its left hoof i felt something tear within me and shot through with pain i cried out and fell to the ground . as soon as the pain i stood up glad to be alive and around for the buck but he was nowhere to be found . he had left a trail of in the soft earth behind me but they stopped abruptly as one might expect at the rock at the end of the trail . my shoulder still from the kick and looking down at it i saw that he had left his red hoof print upon it as well . nobody had me scream the entrepreneurial neighborhood i had come out on was almost entirely deserted just as it always was and there were no other around at the time . an omen worthy of indeed ! call me if you please this were a sign to make a blush . but all this of course was only the omen and given such a dire prodigy i knew the event itself would be many times worse . i was not disappointed . some people believe in order for the universe to exist there must be a balance between good and evil . that if one were to topple the other our entire way of living would collapse . i m not sure how i fit into this theory seeing as it that as a human being i have shown the capacity to display of godliness and can also allow darkness to overwhelm my very soul . all i know for certain is that after my colleague had been by the order of the second coming i was done nice . i was ready to draw blood . first commandment second commandment third commandment fourth commandment fifth commandment sixth commandment seventh commandment to most of the world are considered a holy day of rest . but for a man of god our work is never done . what i had to do to find out where my quarry was going to strike next a certain amount of skill that normally i don t tap into . but stepping into that clinic and realizing that it was likely a cesspool of scum that a false god it t take long before i felt the rage fill my every fiber . but for the moment i any outburst i might have been to make and instead told the front clerk i was there to see . surprisingly they t hesitate to let me go up to his floor . part of me suspected it had to be a trap given how the order my every move . so i kept myself ready to defend any . it was worth the preparedness . as soon as the elevator three large men rushed toward me . i and the wall forcefully pushing them into the elevator and pressing for the door to close as they tumbled and tried to grab of me . my shirt and i fell backward feeling even more and that they to think i was now no longer for their dark plot . had that been why they me in the hotel ? because they were fine with ending my life the same way i had hoped to ? had the as much as it frightened me to find out i to know exactly what was going on . once the hallway was clear i went to the only room on the hospital floor and the door down fully more armed men inside . instead it was just the solitary pathetic figure of sitting bound in a and hooked up to an . how the mighty have fallen i said he i had made it out of the pit . did you come to finish what your apprentice ? he spat back . i came for . we t finish our conversation before about the order i said up a chair and it against the door . you can not torture me . haven t you made some oath to god ? he . i trying my best to look brave . it frightened me to realize the of hell i would need to reach to get him to . today i m taking a sabbath . lionel t recognize me as a priest so why should i have that title ? i said as i got close to him and him dead in the eye . you re going to tell me everything i need to know about why the order my blood . i thought you there was no way they could successfully clone me . my soul was too unique i said . but to talk . angrily i his leg and to crush his already broken . he t seem to feel the pain at first and just kept staring me down . you re going to have to do better than that father . i know you don t really have it in you to kill a man . the darkness left your soul . i immediately my too windpipe and to choke the man . he to breathe as i snapped back you don t know the hell i m capable of . as i continued to press down on his windpipe i saw the most startling thing in his . it t fear . it was pleasure . this is exactly what he from me i as i my grip on the defiant cultist and took a step back . i had come away from his life . do you see ? you are nothing now . not even worth the effort of the devil let alone god . you are meaningless said spitting at me . you t worth my time . you re just trying to prevent me from finding your true leader i . i will never reveal that to you snapped back . i closed my and my trying to think of a divine answer for this . but nothing was coming to me . then you are no use to me i said turning around and my foot on his neck . i immediately a gurgle of shock from as he suddenly realize that i was no longer concerned about my personal salvation . if you want to live tell me everything i . as i kept hearing him struggle to breathe i my conscience and kept pushing down sure that he would finally break . i knew that there were countless times in the past i had the life of someone i knew was a sinner but this felt different . back then i had turned away from the church because i thought god had forsaken me . not realizing that by my darkness i was his will . it frightened me to consider that the most evil thing i might ever face was myself . it shook me to my very core . all of this ran through my head as defiantly in agony . was he truly going to go to his grave with this information ? i tell you i tell you he finally said as i twisted his arm and broke a few . i him back into the and you have one chance at redemption . do not waste it . he control of his breath for a moment and then the order of the second coming is a harvest of many . it is nearly the winter solstice . the chance to revive the dark lord himself will be here . my stomach twisted and i felt faint . you truly wish to unleash satan himself on this world ? the whole world will be able to make a choice between him and god . it is a prophecy being and your replacement will be the one it . my replacement you mean the man i saw before that s why you my blood . to help him match me more clearly i in horror . you . him . it no difference . we sacrifice you both if it we can cause the great tribulation to occur he maniacally . i felt it was a nightmare coming true . since they t use me as the antichrist nor replicate me they were moving on from that scheme entirely . to try and unleash such evil it could mean the literal end of the world . tell me where to find them ! i . it t matter you re too late ! . i thought about him even further breaking all his . but i knew he t going to reveal . still the anger of how this cult had used me and would continue to do so was so much that i t let it slide . i of his and to flip it in the heat of the moment fell out toward the window . i him scream as he plummeted to the clinic grounds below and went off . i the in the room determined that maybe one of them might shed a clue and fled . i knew i had to keep running find and discover my next move . and worst of all i knew time was running short . i don ' t know why i took the shadow . no that ' s not true . i have to take responsibility for what i did . but the reason why took it really ' t my fault . i had been out of work for a few totally depressed and ready to take anything that came along . the town i live in had been bleeding and it felt like my house was bleeding happiness and . then the salesman with the shadow crop the moon ' s light giving him a weird silver outline . he wore a in a way that his thin to absorb the darkness around them . and all i could see was the pure startling whiteness of his teeth . " hello i am " the salesman said . " you ' fallen on hard times like a pig on his side . why not take this free packet of . you ' never go hungry . " " pig on his side ? ! what are you trying to say ? " the moonlight bouncing off narrow . somehow though he still imposing . impish yet completely serious . there was another underneath . . . a vague whiff of aggression that somehow rolled off the man ' s trench coat and on the porch in the form of strange shifting . i ' t trust the man but the . even if what he was too good to be true i hope more than anything . i took the packet and heading back inside to the dimly lit living room . was fast asleep upstairs and i felt guilty blowing the post midnight out in the form of cigarette smoke . sitting in my favorite green chair right in front of the i at the packet . it had an unusual design on the front . the moon had been painstakingly looking full and with a hint of blood red . several of darkness from the moon and came down to a patch of earth like twisted umbilical . " i can ' t believe it ' s come down to this " i said to myself . there was something eerie about the design but i had already decided to use it the next day . eyed the thing suspiciously but i could read the near desperate hunger all over her face . i ' d plant the and even though ' t told me how quickly they ' d turn into edible food i just knew we ' t be hungry for long . gave me grateful look and i knew this was the right decision . still i ' t shake the eerie feeling which settled on me and and as the day . i went out and watched the sun set slowly below the garden . it an orange crescent slowly to a fading red color as it illuminated the hilly and the patch of dirt i thought ' t have much of anything . i woke to the faint of laughter as if someone was a dinner party . i shot awake instantly my cigarette dangling dangerously between my lazy . i instantly on the garden getting up on that much too old for my current age and went to inspect my crop . what i found made me instantly regret what i had done . the shadow crop corn but were as dark as and growing from the sides were these odd looking grenade shaped of " fruit . " they right before i touched them shrinking and i the faint laughing sound again . despite a mild dread building i several of them and headed inside . i felt like i from a cocoon of darkness into a relatively well lit place when i stepped into the kitchen . i the quivering grenade fruit on a plate . part of me ' t wait to call down and our one and only son . the other felt horror . i knew this ' t right but food was food . desperation the deformed squishy into a king ' s platter . it ' d been more than a week since we ' d eaten regularly and had become little more than a walking skeleton . the shadow fruit and him bite for bite . they me why i ' t eating . i just pointed to my cigarette and . i ' d have my fill later . there was plenty more in the garden where that came from . the atmosphere that night was practically jubilant . both of them went to bed with full but i sat in the recliner staring at a blank another lit cigarette between my . such unbelievable dread had taken over that my were shaking . the cigarette had nearly fallen to the ground but i the it between and brought it to my . it there me to sleep until a loud sound woke me up . i turned around in the recliner only to see ' s head through the banister little more than of . i to say his name then stopped short when his lower jaw inch by inch . eventually it out of sight . i was so by what i ' d seen i ' t move into little of terror . i to spring out of the recliner but my ' t . ' s jaw slowly rose back to its original position . though his abyss like were fixed on me as if i were prey . a long time went by before my son from the dim lighting of the room and several long teasing him going back upstairs . i would ' in that damn recliner but i a soft knocking on the door . more barely audible multiplying throughout the room and becoming closer to a cacophony . i ' t able to ignore them . i got up and the door . stood there almost by the moonlight . " have the borne fruit ? " he . " what have you done to my son ? my wife ? they ' re like hungry now . i ' m afraid of . " titled his head one hand the of the other . it a pianist moving his deftly across the . " hunger can last but it can also resolve itself in an instant . the shadow fruit works its magic . . . in its own time . but it is always a circle . two will become one . " . " don ' t speak in . if you ' t going to help then what are you doing here ? " i was getting at the man . he was someone of slight build and it made me wonder where he derived his confidence . brushed by me and in the living room . he sat in my recliner pouring himself a drink and it in one gulp . " i ' call the " i said flatly . turned to me the smile on his face that of a mannequin . his face synthetic in the dimness though the of it were still humanlike and fluid . " no you won ' t . besides you have more important to worry about . one from the other and becomes one again . the shadowy circle you . " i felt like then or shaking the life out of him . the mannequin face me enough to prevent me from trying . his head in the direction of the kitchen . i took the hint walking slowly on wobbly . i knew i would see something horrible in there . something that would change me forever and i was right . stood in the kitchen right next to the table where we had eaten so many . it was the same table where we had also in an effort to distract ourselves from our gnawing . sat curled up on the table hypnotic and the same of infinite blackness as before . he ' t seem to be moving except for the slight rise and fall of his chest . at me with the same richly terrifying and then her mouth to expand inch by inch . i thought she was going to devour me but her turned toward . her mouth fit comfortably over his sleeping body . i could see the shape of in her mouth which had grown in size so that it the table . the shape of ' s fist little desperate that at the skin frantically . the little kept until they suddenly stopped . and ' s shape in her like she was pregnant with him all over again . then the shape was into her frame with a sickening crunch . her jaw slowly smaller but her shadowy malicious never left mine . i though if i i ' d be a goner . " and you to call the on me ! yet i am the only thing standing between you and hunger oblivion . i think we can at least agree on that ! " ' s gravelly voice made its way into the kitchen becoming a storm cloud above my head . onto one of the mahogany grinding her lower jaw . the top of it broke off in her and all across her arms of a dark substance to spread across them causing to form instantaneously . her body into something more imposing and those turned smaller but no less carnivorous or dread inspiring . she closer curved yellow scraping on top of the table . her mouth again slowly and i into a dark river which would consume me if she had forward less than a foot . but snapped his a sound which mysteriously throughout the room . stopped in her . she through me with an obedient expression . " i think i will live here now . the food here is abundant and i like the atmosphere . " i turned to see taking a bite out of the grenade shaped fruit . it to quiver in his small hairless . honestly i if he ' t entirely human and the vaguely murderous off him again . so many nights i thought about the snap of his awakening the hungry in again . her devouring me like she did our son . i was with not just the from beyond that i had come to know but a fourth entity that was nightmare fuel from the same pump . it was a foot tall man dressed in mottled blue formal wear that about out of date . all across his body were fishhooks and when i i could see tiny of wire extending upward seemingly going through the ceiling without doing any damage . each point where one would need to move there was a hook working in tandem to give this thing a gait and demeanor that was just the bit south of properly alive . it on me the second that it laid on me and no matter where i went it ' s head it ' s somewhat dead never moving or blinking . " hope you don ' t mind little but i brought a new friend you can call him not that he will be talking much . he ' s the strong silent type you could say . " as we all make our way to the living room . something about his tone is off . i can ' t put my finger on it but it my heart beating faster . " we had such a rough time last week i thought i ' d get you a little present " with just a hint of menace . him and sit on either side of me on the wall to my right death mantis still in its shell though the of rot and incidental damage are showing quite a bit . with maw on the far end of the leather sectional couch . the and we are by a home shopping network show . at first the woman on the screen to be nothing more that a beautiful something female . but after a moment i realize what i thought was a bouffant or maybe beehive hairdo is actually a tumorous growth . " hello all you out there in the void and beyond . boy do we have some great for you today . tell me have you ever had a problem with an entity that was a lot higher up on the totem pole than you ? some figure of myth and legend been making you their punching bag ? well fret no more for today only we are a special on authentic anathema straight from the of the rax in the cloven city . these wonderfully compact little will fit whatever style of combat the user and are money back to wound even the of . " the woman said this as she off a small smooth obsidian looking stone . as she she her wrist turning it from a knife to a sword to a rifle and then back again . " is that something you ' d like little ? would you feel a little bit around me if you were some heat like that ? " this sentence out a pregnant silence infuse the conversation . i find myself wishing i ' d had a few before this debacle . i ' m sweating literally and in great quantity . " no like you said you ' re going to be gone in a bit i ' got no for revenge . i will say this though i ' be glad when you are gone . " i say trying to inject just the right amount of anger without setting him off . " so you say . " he but does not act . i think he is fishing for guilt so i try to stay calm though i can feel my hair beginning to mat to my head with nervous perspiration . " next we have a product i own i love and i ' m sure you will too . are you tired of spending half your time just so you can have strong to feed on when get messy ? ' t you think of more productive ways of your time ? well get ready to celebrate with the terror golem . best used on with this charming contraption will mimic a toy by one of the . over the course of the next month ' s or it will terrorize the child and it ' s family to whatever the owner . simply swoop in for the clean up when your meal is properly emotionally and savor that sweet nectar of fear anxiety and new in and later dread at no extra cost . " the woman but the television . " you probably ' t have much use for that . tell you what how about i get you a tennis racket ? " simply . away from my face without me it . i make eye contact with maw for a moment and the look in his still partially me not to crack . " you at me ? do i look like i play a lot of tennis ? " i say with a forced laugh . " no you don ' t . " he sharply . he the and i see two people tied up in . they look like they have been beaten and a bit but the video a blurred filter over it so i can ' t make out facial at all . there is a third person in the room but like the is purposely blurred . " i gave you a chance little guy . an honest chance . you know i was kind of you lovingly embrace this . sure i want to milk you for your emotion but someday maybe you could have been a forth member to our group . but you had to want to be the hero . to go behind my back hatch some little scheme to try and rid the world of me like i ' m some kind of r . l . stein creation . oh little . your suffering is going to be long but before we get to that you remember what i said would happen if you me off again ? " snaps his and suddenly he is no longer beside me . at the same moment the television screen . the third man in the room is the other two as i ' m sure you ' are my . i recognize the location as the asbestos plant closed down long before i was born it was still a for to go do the stupid they are known for . i don ' t give any time for him to start giving a villain speech i pull the revolver out of my pants and lunge toward hell mantis . luck me there and i find the barrel of the pistol an inch from where i know it ' s head is . i might just piss it off but if anything i could do would hurt it point blank to the face would be it . does anyone know the difference between single and double action ? i most certainly did not . i squeeze the trigger to no effect i confirm the safety is off and try harder still to no effect . i had no time to even consider back the hammer first before hell mantis exploded into its full form and i went flying into the far wall . i feel blood coming down my face and my vision in my right eye is not right . i get to my feeling like i may have broken a few and try to steady myself to figure out what was wrong with the pistol . any doubt i had as to if maw was on my side or not in a second . before i can get more than halfway to my he himself at death mantis two swipes of his massive clawed digging thick through the chitin . the mantis backward slicing with its . maw there and the a smile growing on his oversized face as they fail to draw blood from his thick boiled leather hide . the mantis to change tactics stabbing as it around maw . the seem to be making maw react a little but he is still grinning that gap toothed menacing smile . with a spin he in the air extending his jaw than his body he ' t manage to swallow the mantis but does shear off its with a spurt of grey ichor . it but as maw it out a surprise . it ' s head open in a burst of red and white a demonic looking skull on a wickedly segmented spine forth from the ragged stump and maw faster than i can register . one massive eye is and maw dazed . obviously this is the point where the need to get in on the fight . i steel myself and the only thing i haven ' t tried . i cock back the hammer of the gun and feel a satisfying click . i aim for ' s head fight through the pain and pull the trigger . my shot the ceiling but the psychotic puppet turns his attention toward me . i can see maw and hell mantis locked in a grapple he no way to back me up my vision in my right eye is getting worse and now i ' m fumbling with the hammer on the pistol . maw within of me and free of hell mantis it him a massive chunk of flesh and the dirty insect one claw a foot into maw and snaps it off before it . maw into the corpse looking entity and " run ! " . i need no further i make a b line for the back door . i fall down the but to only minor . i catch my breath for a moment and see something above the house . some kind of bulbous mass about the size of a couch cushion with of thin waving around . it ' s face was a disgusting mix of cephalopod and human and it to be . i put two and two together and was proven right when the light from a gave me the of of thin coming from the . i stand i steady myself cock the hammer and try to learn from my previous mistake . problem is no one is going to learn how to fire a handgun in combat at age . my shot goes low but up a rain of steel at the thing . it and turns to face me . it ' s hurt but not . i think about taking another shot but then the window outward the torn mess that was the ground as the fishhooks out of the corpse leaving it a rapidly pile of gore . i ' done my best i don ' t know how long i have but i start to run towards the plant . the last time i look at my house it is to see a harshly lit maw roaring a challenge to hell mantis as the puppet master thing the fight directly now . i get there in a half hour and find the gate open . which is a good thing as i ' t so sure i was going to make it over the fence . i to see just about to kill my i to see a barrel of industrial acid right beside him i to shoot it and watch the son of a bitch melt for laying a hand on my . but life ' t work like that . it was a half hour not a half minute and this bastard had been killing since thatch were fashionable . my were obviously dead . i ' t even begin to guess what he did to them there were so many in the wrong gaping wounds and scorched it was hard to tell which one was which let alone how they . was walking toward me low and out to the side as if to show he was unarmed . " so little everything you of ? are you the big hero ? do you have above your station at your beckon call ? " . i point the gun in the air i fire four times and toss it away . we are close enough to people that someone had to hear it . i start to think of something to say to buy some time but before i can think of anything a blur into . the two tumble like for a moment before getting to their . maw is looking horrible i see whatever for skull clearly beside his right shoulder his teeth are down to scattered broken and one hand is missing completely . as he in he maw ' s and effortlessly the fae ' s to grapple him . he throwing of his own each that shattering bone . i need more time or we are both dead . i charge in myself bare broken and with a speed to match a . he turns to face me and casually back maw and me by the throat . " it ' s going to be so satisfying with you till the light from your sad excuse for a star away . " but somehow maw is up and throwing himself in way again . i ' m and in an instant driving his fist through the top of maw ' s skull he back his hand and is holding a ridged football shaped chunk . maw the ground and to turn into a stinking green liquid within a matter of . the piece of maw the only thing that is not turning to liquid and toward me . he his head as the sound of in the distance herald the arrival of plenty of men with plenty of . " you little coward . no matter i ' be seeing you soon enough . " were the last that he said to me . here i am something later and through a life of petty crime and abuse of every drug known to man i ' d to convince myself those never . i kept the chunk and the book but never put much thought into either . which is why i ' m breaking out in a cold sweat right now . i never the game i never did anything maw told me to i ' m still no warrior unless you count about dozen lost . but when i turned on my stolen yesterday i ' t see as my i saw a similar site or and as i scrolled through the i was faced with the fact that those did happen . i don ' t know if i ' m going to read the book or eat a bullet at this point . but i thought i ' d put this out there in case anyone can get some use out of the information . the supernatural is not what you think it is and it certainly ' t what you want it to be . if there is one piece of advice i ' d give ? it ' d be that . link to part https . . r kdvr why i cant watch part ? medium android source share two ago i woke up to the sound of something shifting in my . it almost like tapping possibly dripping . my breathing and the on the back of my neck stood upright . i rolled over and checked the alarm clock on my . a . m . it said in glowing red text . my initial thought was i don t have the money or time for like this . easing my breath i sat upright and watched the wall from the edge of my bed . the sound me of when i was still five old living with my in a house in northern . the sometimes at nights with through them my childish mind the to be . my name s . i live in an aging apartment on the streets of almost nothing to my name but my scarce of money and the wallet i hold them in . when i was four still living in my were both down in front of me . found out later they had criminal . i m now . i don t care to dive back too far into the past i tell you this . i said no to the idea of college and have spent the rest of that time that fail after a half a year maybe more if i m lucky . i been all over the state at this point trying to find where i can anchor down long enough to build my empire . the tapping continued for the rest of that week . so i got and up a few ways i could solve the issue . every time i d sit down to work my current business the tapping would yank my focus away from me . one taught me to cut open the wall and patch the that way i t have the money for a plumber i thought and i t afford to move for a while . i got to work . from the square shaped cut out piling up on the carpet beneath it . when the job was done i into the hole . i thought i saw something wriggle away . i shining my phone s flashlight inside . nothing was there . no dripping either . no sound just the silence . there was no moisture inside the but the air around the hole carried a damp smell now . i continued to search afterwards stuffing the i had into the hole . i to tape them around the . something slimy brushed against my hand . i to feel around but found nothing there . i on the last of the watching for a moment . none of the had gotten wet there was no leak . i as i my hand back out . there was a greasy brown stain left on my palm though small . i watched the oily fluid on my hand . i almost thought it for a minute . i had to go to the store and buy a few more leaving my wallet empty save for a pair of debit and credit but soon the hole in the wall was . for the rest of the night and the next day i worked in perfect silence and peace . i got a few out of the way and other . i got on the phone with my partner and we shot some back and forth for a while . i t think about the in the during that time . it returned fast . it woke me up during the middle of the night again . that morning i t fall back asleep and my work early . i my desk and computer to the living room the next day . the noise continued for the rest of the month . over the course of a few it to progress through the house . there were other now scratches bumping and i swear . like somebody eating soup inside the . for the first month of the new i threw on a half broken set of and to curry and the a mob . one headphone than the other and neither were loud enough to cover the sound . by the time the second month i was sleeping on my kitchen floor in a pile of and trying to escape the . the t come every day but when they did it was obvious . once i something like a thud from my bedroom . walking through the kitchen i stopped i when i the after the first incident . i my room as i felt along the wall and it down . there was no moisture stench of mold or any indication of a leak or water damage . with a shallow breath i put my ear up to the wall in the place that i d cut open and . behind the was the sound of something squirming . i shot backwards raising an eyebrow . i felt along the wall again something to press against my hand . nothing did . prickled along the back of my neck as i back to my childhood bedroom back to my bed and i watched the waiting for them to crumble open as the out of them . i had to force myself back into the kitchen so that i could get back to lunch . the grew in volume in the hallway and continued to grow for a week . i came out of the bathroom once to the sound of a lengthy squeak like a mouse being constricted by a python . i froze in place . my throat got tight from a lack of breath . i there no out of the . that was when i thinking it had to be . the of my childhood more vivid . one night came back to me i was thirsty after waking up in the middle of the night so i went out into the kitchen to get a glass of water . in the flickering light i saw my grandfather . he sat with his closed at the kitchen table a bloodied screwdriver in one hand his forehead relaxed in the other . around him on the kitchen floor there were . in where he d the tile was chipped and cracked . he t notice me staring at him . later that night after the squeak i the familiar cacophony of coming from my living room . it was the it had ever been before . i crept into the living room the only light provided from my half closed bedroom door . i thought of my grandfather again seeing his face the morning after he d the . his were red and dry and his were chapped . of fear crept up and down my back . the other my mind were of in the and of the apartment . i the living room and on the . i sat and a to play aloud on my phone . there were no other . i fell asleep in damn near a second after i picked myself up and back into bed . the continued to spread . there were two days where there was nothing but quiet . i stayed up late those two nights just to ensure extra progress was made on my business . i t get to sleep for long on the second day . in the middle of the night something burst open in my kitchen . i the blast open from my bedroom . i the baseball bat from under my bed rolled out of the and crept out the door . i stood in between the hallway and the living room like a cat waiting to pounce on its prey . i the light switch and raised my bat over my shoulder with two . at first glance there was nothing wrong . i forward calling out i know you re in here ! i in place . i t get a reply . i . there were drilling into me from inside the . i at them with the sensation that my were rising into my throat . grampa grampa there s in the i seen em they talk to me at night too a faint putrid odor in the room . the reek of it brought me back to when threw up all over the field during baseball practice after at school all day with . i the apartment again . with light i found my way into the kitchen . i turned on the light switch . the to life with a couple of . nobody was there . i just past the kitchen table . there was a penny sized hole brown slime . i it crouched and rubbed my finger around the edge . the residue stuck to my pointer finger like tree sap . i my finger clean against my jeans . the substance had the same consistency of the jelly on my palm after i d cut open the hole in the wall . up my back and covered my arms . i washed my for a long time . then i left my bat at my side as i tried to fall back asleep . the had become white noise over time but that night i every individual creak and groan like they were going off . it took me an hour to fall asleep . i woke up the next morning and a scalding hot cup of coffee . it was as if the tapping and the groaning came from inside me now too . i to ask if i could come over to his apartment and do some work . he and me why so i told him i d tell him everything once i got there . i almost everything to him once i was at his apartment . why t you just come here right away ? he . i . don t think i have the mental capacity to process like that right now . but thanks for me stay . i fell asleep in the middle of my work . woke me up and we over a few more we had . we ate dinner together and then i stayed until it was dark again . i shook his hand before i left . the ride home took longer than it does a blind man to read war and peace . i almost ran a few red and into a random parking lot to get a grip on myself . i laid my head against the wheel and the horn by accident . my came in . i seeing the rolling up the street and watching the slide down while i drew with chalk on the driveway my mother and father each other on the front porch . their went wide and their . i turned my head . an ar s barrel was poking out of the limousine . in a spray of and bright my mother and father forward their with and blood spray painting the of our house . ! the gunman pointed at me laughing like a child . i raised my head my and the car out of the parking lot . i was back home in a few . i my out of my pocket and down the apartment s hallway approaching my door . i trembling down the corridor . there were loud and taps amongst the array of . my heart froze over inside my chest . i to speed walk . the of the hallway were always dimmed at night in the half darkness i to notice my neighbor standing by my door . i d forgotten his name . all i knew was that he lived down the hall from me and t talk a lot . he when he saw me . i . the shaking of my apartment stopped and everything went quiet . hey buddy you live here right ? he back his greasy hair a accent behind his . yeah what do you need ? i said . you got company buddy . lots and lots of i bet . he . and for s sake you should do something about em . the damned are getting loud now . he stepped past me down the hallway and back to his room . he back at me . in his i saw a deer one charging through the to escape a coyote . he his apartment door and it shut behind him . i down the lump in my throat . i thought about what my grandfather had said when i first told him there were in the . they re just they re just . i at the door . cool damp air through the building . i turned and to see my grandfather at my side . instead i was met with the memory that he had long ago . i the up to the door . i put them in the lock and turned it . the lock and the door bid me entry . i cracked the door and peaked inside . no and no . a lot of silence . the were out . i tried to flip one on . it . then it went out . i tried the other that were near the entrance . they all did the same . them all again the same came through . i the apartment all the way and shut the door until there was just a sliver left until its . i t dare to lock it . the to shake . they and . a thousand little underneath their . i had a vision of myself in a cave filled with bats . it was quiet at first . the to intensify . the shaking . i for my bedroom . all the way i my grandfather s distant in my ear we re need a of rat traps and a couple dozen of cheese make that cheese . i took every step like there were sticking out of the . i the baseball bat and turned back . i snuck through the kitchen examining it . there were slimy in of the wall . more of that muddy sap from the . i stalked through the living room and found more in the some were bigger than about the size of . i but eventually made it back into my room . i tried to flick on the nearby light switch which t turn on and fizzle out like i . the last light left was a lava lamp on my work desk . i it on and . i watched the . they like rolling tidal . even the ceiling . i thought i squirming from the hallway . i swung the bat and crumpled off in a dusty explosion . larvae like grayish brown tumbled out of the . i beat them with the bat . they like with . a few to squirm away . they were quick . i a couple in one blow as they lined up . the carpet to tear in . i . a long worm coiled out of the floor like a snake . it and then lunged at me . it a bite out of my arm . flesh and muscle tore from my . i again . i swung the bat with my good arm . the worm but balance . it circled like a predatory wolf . i kept swinging . most were . a couple times i to make the thing stumble or squeal . it forward . i it by the head . i twisted around and locked its . i drove the head into the floor . silt colored ooze splashed onto my face and stung my . the worm got a nibble off of my hand . i and drew it back . three were with bloody . the worm was . more of its larvae flooded from the in the wall . i the worm s head into the carpet once more . i dove away from the beast . its tail slunk forward like a hand . it wrapped around my ankle dragging me back along the torn carpet . i spun around and tore the tail s grip off of me . i got loose for long enough to sprint free of the apartment . i closed my door behind me with a slam . i onto the floor and out . i woke up to a foot pressing into my back . hey buddy you dead ? my neighbor . i . hi . no . i m very much alive . i spat . hey what s the problem pal ? he . i suggest you get the out of here . and maybe move out of your apartment too . why ? why don t you open my door and take a look for yourself ? i . he turned around and my apartment s door . the to shake again . twenty later i the door slam behind him and he was gone . i drove to s at daybreak without calling beforehand and on his door . ? he . i blinked a few times . hey . once inside we for a while . he fixed country fried steak and fried for breakfast a steaming plate over to me at the kitchen table . so what the hell d you do to your hand ? . also mind me why do you look like you ate ? i let out a long sigh . i was walking down the street last night . got by a guy with a knife . tried to wrestle it out from his hand and cut off a few . . . it s he into the distance . are you alright man ? i . it s i said a chunk of steak into my with a near fingerless hand . we drank coffee later that night and sat by his fireplace while pulp fiction on the the volume almost all the way down . so what you back here ? he looking like a husband about to interrogate their cheating wife . i rubbed the sleep out of my . the hawk across the room from me an answer . you know he won t believe you not when you re starting to look like a addict . my house is just a mess . i can t focus . i can t keep listening to the . i stated . raised an eyebrow and . no why are you really here ? leaky can t be that loud . i d know . i just mine yesterday when i was down in the basement . four into my shift at my place of work the warehouse and i was ravenous . by the time my watch said it was noon lunch time i was ready to throw an entire pallet of goods at my in order to get to the break room first . after a grueling five minute fast paced speed walk i . cliff . i squinted at the tall blonde haired blue eyed well muscled giant of a man . the smug bastard knew the strength of his stride and that my shorter simply ' t compete with his . he was already eating a company provided snack from the some green lime flavored that always my from eating . being lactose intolerant i suppose that ' s just natural . hey there ! cheerily cliff his shining brightly a of inside coating the inside of his mouth . i and made my way to the refrigerator where the company their food goods provided to free of charge . opening the refrigerator i see there ' s only one peanut butter sandwich left . score ! our janitor was usually responsible with and of food but he ' t been seen at work for a few . so it was my lucky day to get the last one of these delicious . up the carton i make note that the sandwich a few days ago . our company this strange policy about eating peanut butter which that no employee shall ever consume any peanut butter if the expiration date been met . i always thought this was a stupid rule as it should be common sense who to eat old food anyway and why does this rule only apply to the peanut butter ? but this situation is a bit unique . the sandwich is only a few days past it ' s date and i am quite terribly hungry plus this been thus extending its shelf life . what else could go wrong ? i thought my greedy hunger mangling my . got the last sandwich huh ? i ' they ' re delicious . piped cliff . it ' s too bad you ' re allergic to eh ? i at him shaking the carton victoriously in the air . cliff by lifting his filled into his mouth bobbing his head side to side me . i don ' t know why anybody to eat that sugar filled bacteria when they could eat the cream of the peanut butter . enjoy the . i say flatly sauntering out of the break room to enjoy my lunch away from prying . i ' never eating in front of people it always made me feel like a wild animal at a watering hole . constantly to look over my shoulder or have someone watch me eat envious of my . i ' m weird i get that . i settle down in an unused poorly lit service hallway that i as my own . i even a break room chair and it in the the corner of the room some time ago . the space was a bit removed from our work area as the warehouse was a large place with many no longer in use due to disrepair or mismanagement . something about the dim lighting dark gray industrial colored paint job and the quiet of this hallway always me relax . i down at my wonderful prize . the glorious nut filled sandwich was but from being . my hunger would know no restraint . i gingerly open the carton to peer at my sandwich . the sandwich ' t look all that special it was plain white bread without crust . the real treat was the perfectly creamy peanut butter in its center . upon inspection of the sandwich there to be nothing wrong with it it was perfect . lifting it up to my nose i the slightly sweet and salty smell that normally me with the company . this is when i should have something was wrong . the sandwich smelled . . . off . it still smelled sweet and salty of course . but there was something different underneath the smell . it ' t overpowering nor was it strong enough to give my hunger pause . it almost smelled like mayonnaise that had been left in the sun for too long . i decided to give the sandwich an exploratory nibble . tasted fine if not a little crusty which i to the sandwich being older . satisfied that the sandwich ' t kill me i it quickly . after my meal i promptly threw the carton down the old elevator shaft which was always slightly ajar . nobody used this elevator so it was my trash hole . after some time messing around on my phone reading the latest story on and to some saucy direct i headed back to my work station . for a few work was fine . i was by my lunch and was extremely productive . that the end of my shift . while lifting some product onto a transportable shelf i felt my stomach gurgle which i figured was just my body me know it was my lunch at a hyperactive rate . my stomach i thought nothing of it and continued working . mere later i broke out into a cold sweat and my stomach twisting into . my stomach was around and was audibly at me . i ' m need to go to the bathroom . i know the of nigh apocalyptic bowel and i to move fast to avoid catastrophe . i log out of my station and near sprint down the my watching me go with mute curiosity . upon reaching the i violently swing open one of the stall lock it and pull down the toilet seat . i ' t have the time to bother covering the seat with anything dire as my situation was . i down quickly and let my erupt out of me . this ' t a normal bowel movement . this was some act of a dark god my digestive tract in order to bring mayhem to the world of men . my body shivering and racking from the concussive force of my anus . after what like an eternity all activity stopped . the stench smelled of rotting meat and milk . i not look at what had came out of me so i up and without looking at the disaster below . i was completely drained . looking down at my watch the time said it was . that ' t be right . i had logged off of my station at around twenty prior to the end of my shift . i know this had been a long session in the bathroom but nearly four ? that ' s impossible . i the and heading for the exit staircase at the far side of the warehouse . i always thought this place always had a strange creepy during the day but at night that feeling outright oppressive . only the backup safety on giving the warehouse just enough light to see in . the of machinery and working were absent striking a stark contrast between working and now . every step every shadow in the corner of my vision . i want to say i was brave and strode confidently alone in the but that would be a lie . i nearly ran down the hall trying to remain quiet but unable to tell if i was succeeding due to my heart racing . i felt like a wild animal along in the dark exposed . there was nothing to justify this feeling as far as i had but i ' t help myself . passing by my makeshift break room down the derelict hallway i felt a sudden urge to enter . maybe because this was a place of comfort and i figured i ' d be safe in my own space for a moment . i sat down on my musty old chair and took a few haggard . my whole body felt like it was on fire and i was sweating profusely . just then when my heart rate to slow down a noise to come from the slightly elevator . it almost like a voice rhythmic and low . human like humming but distorted wrong . i ' m going crazy . after all these being a warehouse drone i ' lost my mind . curiosity getting the best of my judgment i get out of my chair and peer into the dark and imposing elevator . holding onto the for support i lean slightly off the edge looking down into the pit of my trash hole . squinting in the dim light i pull out my phone flashlight and direct the beam down into the breach . about twenty down i make out the outline of the elevator floor . my flashlight is too dim at that range to get a clear picture and only catch the glimmer of reflective plastics i ' d down over the . suddenly there ' s motion in my peripheral coming from behind me to my left . i quickly turn around shining my light in front of me . looking around i see nothing . shaking my head i begin to brush it off as temporary insanity due my small bowel induced coma . hello . you . i look up abruptly at the ceiling following the sound . by the dim light i see a pale human sized figure clinging to the ceiling piercing gray reflected visibly in the light . sputtering in shock i take multiple panicked backwards realizing only until it was too late that i had run out of floor falling down into the elevator shaft . pain my entire body . it felt like i had been hit by a truck or you know fell down twenty to the ground . the entire floor i am laying on is covered in cardboard far more than i could have ever thrown down here by myself . i morbidly think that it me of a ball pit in a ' s playhouse but with fetid rotting . strange gurgling laughter echo from above and into the chasm where i lay filling my with the disturbing sound . fall hard . good . stay there . be . right . down . must . clean . up . the . mess . the strained voice almost amused . then that same low rhythmic humming filled the gap of silence . realizing the danger i was now in i try to dislodge myself from the thick layer of peanut butter sandwich my becoming slick and a vile stench every movement . looking up i can see the outline of the creature moving along the like some kind of insect . those . are . mine . the figure it ' s voice looming ever closer . i have no idea what it but can one gain reason from a beast human as it may seem ? leave me alone ! i shout to the being no response just slow heavy and wet sounding breathing . i scramble up and hurry to the elevator which are closed . digging my in between the i try and pry the open with all of my strength looking over my shoulder to measure the distance between me and the monster . cannot . leave . must . return . what . is . mine . the rasping voice is close now no more than a few short away . the finally give and i dash through as fast as i am able . something the air next to my face and i pump my faster . as i take in my surroundings i notice that this part of the warehouse is completely unfamiliar to me . it older and in far worse condition than the rest of the facility . there is little to no lighting in this area other than the occasional flickering industrial . i stop for a moment to catch my breath and body a mixture of burning and stabbing pain . my paint the hall behind me looking for any sign of the creature . look man i ' m just trying to leave ! i shout into the darkness . instead of a reply the pale figure out of the and into the dim flickering light me a full view of its twisted visage . it stood over pale skin and mottled flesh with long sparse hair sprouting from its head . it ' s facial were gaunt . gray human like looking directly into mine . the cartilage of its nose had withered away leaving only wet . the were gone revealing brown jagged teeth jutting out in every direction . the were long and slender with dark claw like extending well over a few . the short and sinewy and the were much like the not flat like a . you . will . not . leave . here . the creature at every word almost as if the act of speaking were painful . what the are you ? i near scream . in response the humanoid figure crouched low and running on all in a sideways gait that was surprisingly nimble . unable to pivot and run i around looking for a weapon . my landed on a yellow tote so i picked it up and threw it at the monster with as much force as i could muster . the tote made contact in the causing it to stumble . taking advantage of this temporary reprieve i down the dark corridor praying i was going in the right direction . i can hear the beast padding behind me as i go but that tote i threw had to have hurt for the were getting more and more distant . as i the end of the dark hallway i was met with two large double . kicking open the double i dash inside . the room revealed behind was huge revealing and centered around massive industrial sized full of a light brown substance . wanting to get to higher ground i make my way towards a ladder leading up to one of the large of mystery goo . the high ground to my advantage i the dark room for of the beast . catching my breath and breathing through my nose i picked up a pungent odor coming from the large vat to my right . looking down at the boiling mass of i realize the smell is coming directly from here . i ' never seen this product before what the is this ? thinking i ' lost the pale monster i bend down to get a closer look at the brown fluid churning slowly . oddly enough past the nasty smell this stuff almost like peanut butter . even worse there to be tendril like swishing around inside almost as if they were alive . my observation of this mystery product was interrupted by an inhuman shriek coming from above me . as i my head up to see i was met with a pale blur with me and knocking me to the ground . i start kicking with both as hard as i possibly could trying to dislodge the freak monster off of me . it was and scraping against my trying to gain purchase and get on top of me . i was able to land a solid kick in its face with my right foot to which the monster bit the striking limb tearing off my boot all the while . you ! i scream giving it another solid kick with my now bare foot sending it tumbling into the boiling brown substance . looking down at the creature as it slowly into the large vat of unknown mixture it in a way that no man nor beast could . i notice the pale tendril like in the begin swarming over the beast slowly it below the surface leaving nothing but a slow trickle of and then nothing . catching my breath i climb down the ladder every movement causing pain . on the floor next to the vat that the creature perished within were white bread and unfolded cardboard peanut butter . at this point i ' t put two and two together and decided to just leave and deal with all of this later . panting i hold my limp left arm with my right hand and hobble my way out of the factory . this was no victory this was just survival manifest . the thing that was once was dead and my brain was far too weary from the night ' s as well as this feverish heat to comprehend all that had . it took everything in me to limp out of the warehouse and find my car . i have no idea how i was able to get home and quite honestly i don ' t even remember falling asleep in my bed . i was from a deep and painful sleep by my phone in my ear . at least i had the sense to plug in my phone . looking towards my i could tell that it was morning and the used in my phone revealed the pain i was in . my body felt even worse than before . my fever exponentially and i could barely move on my aching . looking in the mirror my face was extremely pale and my had a small yellow hue to them . i my work to let them know what last night but the line was dead . i my cell phone number to let inform him but received no reply . knowing it was too late after the fact i also our local police department about the night ' s . dispatch like they ' t believe me but said they ' d send over some to get a statement from me and head over to the factory for an investigation later that day . i ' m going to relax until the police arrive my fever like it is only getting worse and a small patch of my hair just fell out . i think i ' go to the hospital later . i ' d like to end with this if your company a policy to never eat food i strongly suggest you heed their warning . especially if your company is primarily a technology company . rest stop food is the worst excuse for an edible substance that humanity ever come up with . that is what i was reluctantly eating at the rest stop on eastbound i between and in . it was am and i was in the middle of my journey to indy to visit my sister . i out to my ford after the unsanitary bathroom arrangement they had set up there . i only had a quarter tank of gas at the time but that was just enough to make it to my hotel in with a little to spare . it took a few but the old girl finally turned over and i set off . the road was almost deserted that morning and the glow from my faded did almost nothing for the visibility . the road was lined with street which a little better illumination nothing like what they have in but at least i could kind of see what was in front of me . i checked my phone and i was about from my next exit in . before my exit i down again and the car on the screen t moving . knowing it was illegal i picked up my phone and the . the came back up but the same thing again almost as if it lost my location . i knew where my exit was so i just turned it off and carried on from memory . after another where the exit should have been there was none . the road was supposed to have curved by that point but continued straight . i felt increasingly uneasy by the missing exit and change in road layout . i eventually my conscience the was wrong and kept driving . i was petrified to notice that there was no other traffic on the road . even the car that had been following for the past several was gone with no exit he could have got off on unless he over . i continued to drive and took greater notice of the street a dancing shadow of my car . i still don t know why but the shadow made me laugh and forget about what was going on . another came and went . i grew increasingly worried and my were on the road ahead . my heart seemingly exploded as i the dancing shadow had acquired a friend . i originally thought it came from another light source but the only were the street . the shadow was completely stationary and not dancing like the other . i my head to the passenger seat after seeing the shadow had a silhouette of another person in the car . there was nobody in the other seat and i on the dome light . the silhouette upon turning on the light but it did nothing to relieve my fright . the second shadow was still there . i don t know why but i accelerated to try and reach the exit faster . i as i almost hit a shadowy figure standing in the middle of the road . the figure had no at all just black . i t want it to be but it me of the figure in the shadow . there was still not a single car on the road other than me . i over slowly the shadow still there and took a bit of time to compose myself with my forehead on the steering wheel holding back . i when i my head back up to realize my car was surrounded by the dark featureless . i t know what to do . the were in on me so i had to think fast . shifting the car back into drive i it passing through the blocking my path as if they t even there . it was foot to the floor for . my engine out as i there was only a quarter tank of gas in my tank when i left the rest area . the helpless car slowly came to a stop once again this time for good . my soul seemingly exploded . there were scattered all around me . this time they had red and cartoon like sharp white teeth in a most grimacing smile that came up to eye level . they were all saying something almost like a chant . the grew ever closer and i was crying uncontrollably by that point . my phone was on the seat next to me and i tried to dial or my . my whole world as i was looking at the top of the screen no signal . there was one not away then . i my glove box and for the mm my dad me get for self defense . i the firearm and pointed it at the figure . the shot was deafening with a sound that for an uncomfortable amount of time . the creature was completely unaffected by the bullet almost as if i was firing a blank . it was turned away a little and i could see the silhouette of its hand reaching out to the now window . i closed my as it the door . my idiot self had forgotten to lock them . there was only one other option . i ' t want to fall victim to whatever these were . i put my head down and my gun up to my mouth . this was it before i could pull the trigger my head was forcibly back to the headrest . i my and a police officer had his flashlight and gun pointed at me . i threw my gun on the passenger seat and . he around to the other side and the weapon before his own . it was all only a dream . he came back around and told me to step out of the car . i was a wreck as he put me in as i was a danger to him and myself as he thought i was suicidal . i everything that but he ' t believe me . the officer that he was a few over and the gunshot only to walk up and see it in my mouth . he threw me in his cruiser and drove away . i felt increasingly relieved as the road was a lot more familiar this time as well there were other and the curve i remember that comes before my exit . i eventually the exit . i was staring past the officer out of the windshield as he was trying to make more sense of what . my gaze to the exit sign . when i back at the road the car had another shadow . one of my favorite as a was monster party a game where you were a boy mark who had his trusty baseball bat but could also take to transform into a dragon . it was a strange game . at one point you have to fight evil onion that come out of the transporter from the fly starring jeff . what more could a in the early s ask for ? it also was responsible for the thing that ever to me . i was watching my older brother brett play which was exciting because i t that good to be honest and he always while wearing which made me feel like i was in a cool movie . he said something like hey junior go get me a glass of squirt . he me junior because we had just seen problem child and i exactly like the star . everyone still me junior now that i m an adult it s kind of like being a celebrity ! i remember coming back with the squirt singing the squirt song that brett and i had made up . it was just the happy birthday song but every word and or syllable was with the word squirt but it was surprisingly catchy . some of the best are very simple if you think about it . brett was really upset and i could tell because his mouth was agape and his were on his head . he usually never lost his cool when and video so i was immediately worried . he kept killing these two little on the screen and they kept coming back . i been killing them literally since you left to get squirt ! he said . we tried killing the zombie on the left and the right but it made no difference . we had the password for that level so he just turned off the game and said we need to call a game counselor . for those of you who are too young or to remember game were professional game who you could call up and they could tell you any secret or tip to advance in any game . they could be found in the of power magazine and usually had a mullet . a mullet was an old that was short in the front and long in the back . we used to have an expression about them that went that is a for both doing business and a party ! we our and they were like who are you going to call and why and how much is this going to cost ? they t want us making any long distance . brett follow me junior ! and soon we are through his treasure chest of gaming . he is like a madman and then suddenly and me a small ad in the back of one . it was for a discount game counselor number and the area code was the same one as ours ! all it said was need help ? game available . visa and accepted ! you get advice or we don t get ! we ran back to our who nervously gave us their credit card . i remember brett smelled it like it was a fresh baked bread and said ah visa ! the good stuff ! and then ran to his phone which was shaped like sexy lady so it was like a giant lady was kissing his face while he on the phone . hey he was a smooth dude . he t want me pressing my ear up against his so i had to listen in on the sports football phone in my bedroom . by the time i got in there brett was already wise advice from a game counselor . do you have a notebook ? i m going to give you some top secret advice for the game monster party but you will need to write it down . i got my own notebook ready and i did so excitedly . this was my first time professional video game advice after all ! at the title screen press a a a b b b a a a the counselor said into the phone . i was writing as fast as i could . it was just a long string of a s and b s but i was used to long complex button on the . finally the code came to an end . if you the code correctly you should hear a scream from the dungeon the counselor said . oh and to defeat the you just have to sit and do nothing . it s kind of a joke . afterwards you might be given a magic pill that will transform you into morse the dragon . can i help with anything else ? brett was quiet for a few and then he said no thanks i think we got it and hung up . we went back to the basement both of us with a notebook in one hand and an icy glass of squirt in the other . what was that long ass code about ? he . do we need to do all that to defeat the ? if that were the case this game would be impossible ! i agreed and we the game up but went right to the level and tried the doing nothing strategy just as instructed . eventually the on their own . a trick boss level ! we received a pill and into the dragon . why did he call the dragon morris ? i . brett said he t say morris he said morse . why would someone who everything about this game not know the character ? let s try the code i have a weird feeling about it . we tried it for like and never the scream from the dungeon that we were doing it right . brett at the code in his notebook for a moment and then said there t a dungeon in this game . look the first part of this code is in morse code . he said morse was the name of the dragon get it ? go get that book you have that morse code . with my book brett the rest of the message in a few . it was an address in town . on a road that we sometimes went down on our . then as if to clarify the location it said vacant school . we had thrown at some of the there before so we knew exactly where it was . that weekend we loaded up our with like of squirt and went on a little bike ride to the empty school . we spent a lot of the time just laying in the tall outside looking at what like an empty building . it was pretty boring at first but then something . we saw a person walking through one of the on the first floor . they sat down at a desk and eating lunch or something . we army over to the window and slowly our up . i don t remember much about the guy we saw because i was staring through a hole in the window at his satin jacket . at first i thought it had on the front but it homemade . had a skinny kind of sinister look to his face and instead of a mushroom he was holding a handgun . also s hair was all blonde like a scary larry bird . the man saw us immediately and hey ! come here ! which us so bad we ran back to our . as we were mounting our some sort of siren to wail and we just at each other as if to say oh and then full throttle until we got home . i think i of squirt out of pure exhaustion . we about what had and how it was connected to the local game but we had no idea . they that school a year later and there was some strange article about how someone had the for like five in advance and it t clear who had done so or why . maybe only brett and i had any idea at all but we never said anything until now . anyone ever seen this gun skinny blonde ? i feel like it must be some sort of underground organized crime syndicate or something . i just hope that game counselor we to is but i think he is actually dead already . there are a number of strange finally coming out about game and some of them have been here strange with game i was a my dad would leave me alone in various while he went off to drink . the most frequent of these was a that to be across the street from his favorite local bar . sometimes he would take me to do the laundry with him before telling me he had to step out for a few . dad would give me some quarters for the arcade machine in the back of the one of those racing with an attached steering wheel . to be honest i kind of being left at the . i t have video at home and the arcade machine was a nice escape . anyway this story ' t about the . but the fact that i that damn game so much might explain why dad thought chester s like a perfect place to leave me while he his . i believe i was eight at the time . i was stuck running with my father on a hot summer day and he drove out to a hardware store in a strip mall off the highway . the strip mall of two long which faced each other at a right angle . among the various these all which had seen better days was a dive bar at the end of the strip . after we left the store dad longingly at the bar . he to go in but he ' t know what to do with me . i watched him reluctantly fight off temptation as we to the car . dad was the in the ignition when he looking at something in the distance . at the end of one of the into an easy to miss corner of the strip mall was a set of double underneath cartoon font . chester s the out of the ignition and his wallet . " here " he said me three dollar " go play some in that arcade place . i ' come get you in an hour . " i d been to chuck e . cheese a few times and i was sure three ' t buy enough to play for an hour . i also knew better than to challenge dad . i sheepishly through the double as he headed to the far end of the strip mall . i don ' t remember everything about chester s so i won ' t try to fill in the . but i do remember a few vividly . the first thing i was that there were no in sight . just a handful of other . there was a snack counter but no behind it . would wander up to the glass case and retrieve and candy before running back out to the arcade floor . i took a pretzel myself but it was stale . were by a machine that took dollar . to my surprise the three i brought were more than enough . after i fed it the first dollar pouring out . the receptacle where the landed with gold . i stuffed my until they ' t hold any more . as i away to check out the arcade floor i the clinking of still dropping out . to my eight year old the arcade floor huge . much than the building from the outside . unoccupied game the floor in a maze like fashion occasionally between them before disappearing again . the interior of chester ' s was in a dark shade of purple . i recall the soles of my sticking to the as i across the arcade . they ' t been recently if ever . in fact the whole place was dingy . once or twice i saw a mouse skitter across the floor . long ran up the which were bare except for a few haphazardly hung of chester the establishment s mascot . i ' t recognize most of the arcade . those i was familiar with had out of order to their . i tried my hand at some of the but found most of them strange and difficult to play . in one game i have a fuzzy memory of i used a to guide a player character through a never ending array of . wolflike the chasing the player character . there was no way to fight them off . the machine ' t even have any buttons aside from the . the player character just ran through the virtual until the wolf caught up and tore him limb from limb computer blood eventually the screen so i t see anything . i ' since scoured that old arcade from the era but i can ' t seem to find anything about this one . the other struck me as a bit off . they mostly kept to themselves alone . then there was the way they dressed . i was raised without much money and i was painfully aware of what other were wearing . from oversized t to torn jeans the at chester ' s wore clothing even more ragged than the hand me i got for at school . i into one of the other as he out from behind a row of gaming . a boy about my age sporting a bowl cut which had grown slightly too long . he nervous . i could tell that behind the mop of hair his he was looking at his . i ' m " he said shyly . play ? " i was just glad to have made a friend in the odd place . and i spent more time arcade than talking . when i how long he d been there he just . we d been for a while when a sound like a tornado siren from the far wall where an elevated stage sat behind a set of purple . " that it ' s show time " said " we have to go watch . " and i along with every other at chester s took at a set of tables in front of the stage . the to reveal a tall figure i as chester . chester was an anthropomorphic mammal like a badger or weasel . at least i think that s what it was supposed to be . it had various of articulation able to rotate its head and body raise its arms up and down and move its in various . it wore a mechanic s complete with a name tag . dark that like oil covered the outfit . the chester went on to perform a show most of which was unremarkable . i only distinctly recall two . one is a song and dance in which the unnaturally its mouth open and shut as a speaker somewhere inside an off key jingle fun fun fun at chester s here is your place to escape laugh and play at chester s you can stay here every day the second thing is the end of the performance . after its routine the clumsily clapped its together . it s time to pick the special guest ! the s head swiveled slowly as if scanning the crowd . some of the other . chester s head stopped mid swivel before the raised its left arm . it was pointing to a boy who sat alone at a table a few dozen from and i . you re today s special guest ! chester . come on up ! me ? the boy . come on up ! the repeated its voice suddenly almost deafening . the boy stood up and on to the stage . the raised its heavy arm awkwardly . the boy and i saw that the was gripping him by the back of the neck the way you d grab a dog by its scruff . that s all for today ! see you tomorrow ! chester said pleasantly . the to draw . the boy on stage was trembling . just before the closed fully a dark stain spread across his pant leg . what s going on ? i . i felt uneasy . just part of the show he . go play in the ? towards a structure across the building . a massive elevated jungle gym an set of plastic that across the ceiling . could enter and exit the via of tall with made of netting intended to be and even a fire pole . sure i said . as i towards the he turned . just watch out he said there s a weird girl in there sometimes . and i up and to crawl through the purple plastic together . through porthole like we could see the arcade floor below . the had an unpleasant smell . as i throughout its and turns it got . by the time we a sharp curve the stench was overpowering . far enough to peek around the curve and to backpedal . he made a full turn so he was now facing me . she s here he whispered . i m going back . use the fire pole . she can t slide down . past me crawling in the direction we came from . i what so about this girl . i to see for myself . i continued crawling making sure not to breathe through my nose as i got closer . finally i the other side of the curve . the plastic tube its end in a circular chamber several ahead . in the chamber was a girl several older than me . she was filthy . her matted hair on the floor of the tube around a dress so tattered it barely clung to her body . more disturbing she a single limb . what should have been each arm or leg ended in a rough stump . the fact that she was even able to remain upright was a feat . she low to the ground frantically on something small and furry trapped between her arm . beside her was a putrid pile of what like and fur . the stack of neatly pink confirmed that the girl been eating . she t know i was there . i to crawl in reverse slowly trying to make each knee fall as soft as possible . i d almost gotten back around the curve when the squeak of my sneaker against plastic throughout the . the girl snapped her head upwards fixing her wild eyed gaze on me . red liquid down her chin . she . i frantically turned my body to crawl the other direction . that i was leaving she the rat and to scramble towards me . i madly back through the . i back and saw her advancing in a prone position much faster than anyone without a single limb should ever be able to crawl . i kept going and in the not knowing if they d trap me in another dead end chamber . the whole time i thumping behind me as the girl herself through the . finally i came across a tube with a hole in the floor and a metal bar extending through it . i the fire pole and wrapped my around it . angry high from above as i slid down to ground level . back on the arcade floor i up at the . the limbless girl at me from one of the porthole her burning with rage . i fled making my way to the front of the establishment and pushing through the double . i ran all the way down to the other end of the strip mall and right into the bar my father was in . i knew i d get a beating for that later but that was better than spending another second in chester s . i never a thing about chester s from anyone again . i by the strip mall a few later and all that was an empty retail space . until now i only thought of chester s in brief . i guess i don t like to think about it . the memory me feel dirty like chester s was and trapped like i m still in the scrambling to find the exit the limbless girl thumping just around the bend . but recently i decided i want to know more about chester s . if nothing else i to confirm that it was real and not just a childhood fever dream i convinced myself was true . i my father about the day he me off at chester s but he t know what i was talking about . not surprising . dad s lost his memory the same place he lost everything else at the bottom of a bottle . i trying to find any information i could about chester s but had no luck with either current or historical business . i eventually came across a thread in an obscure forum where a couple of vaguely to chester s . the they several of them were nowhere near me but the general were accurate . when i the up again this morning the thread was gone . the link i d saved to a page . and that s how i ended up here . at this point i just want to know that i m not crazy . to anyone reading this have you ever been to chester s ? sometimes you don t know what s threatening you . sometimes the only thing that s there is your fear and the threat is never revealed . it most often when it s late you re alone in your home and you just finished watching a scary movie or reading a creepy article about paranormal or . it the fight or flight response that you know is illogical but somehow so real . now imagine this feeling for days on end and no real idea why . well that s what to me but when i finally figured out why it all made sense . it last summer when i was at my family s beach house . it was late in the summer almost labor day and we decided to go visit the little cottage on the beach that we mostly rent out to people in the but snag a few here and there for ourselves . it s centered on a crystal clear beach off the coast of . not exactly cape cod but only a hop skip and a jump from there . the setting is natural un and almost rural . that s why we chose it . i d never felt uneasy there before . i practically grew up there . it s where i d met my first and where i d cracked on the pavement every summer with that i knew so intensely in the but then never saw again . it was a bastion of summer and home . usually . but then it came to that night a night when i was browsing the on the couch while the rest of my family was out to dinner that i felt it . i a slight scratching from outside the window . nothing strange . probably a raccoon . it only a few and then was gone . and there should have been no reason for me to be upset . but all of a sudden there was a chill down my back and i felt the on my arms stand up . it was as if something was wrong but nothing was that i could see . i out the for some possible threat like i always do when i feel this way but there was nothing there . i had not even been reading anything remotely scary or paranormal beforehand . for god s sake i was looking at the top ten warrior from . give me a break ? but it was still there . the feeling of danger . i felt like something was watching me maybe even coming for me . i had the feeling immediately but kept quiet about it for the first few . my dad and sister came home tipsy and were determined to get full blown drunk by the end of the night . i t want to join in but i had a few just as a gesture . even through my slightly boozy haze i still felt it clear as day the feeling of unease no worse danger . eventually i went to bed . i was laying there with only the over me almost shaking with fear . there was nothing but i felt that somehow darkness was about to close in all around me . this is it i thought . there s got to be something watching me . i shot up from bed and went into the living room . i all the of the room for a hidden camera or for some sign of out from the air vent or something . but i found nothing . i knew that if my family came in and saw me doing this they d think i was crazy or at least be concerned about me . so after fifteen of searching the house running my down every seam of the wall open every cabinet looking for a camera i decided to give up . i decided to try to go back to bed . luckily i was able to sleep a bit . it t last long though . at first light i was up and the living room . i even went out to the ocean to ask it for guidance or something about what was going on . but i got no answer . the only thing i got was the feeling that i was going crazy . even the ocean thought so apparently . i decided to return to the house and go back inside when i something very faintly into the clapboard side of the cottage a small jagged x . this was strange but not unheard of . plenty of came around here and probably did all of stuff to the house while we were gone . anyway it t my problem it was my . i spent the rest of the weekend barely in the house . i spent it on the beach just watching the ocean trying to get some kind of comfort from it . i t stand to go back in there . there was something wrong in there but i t place it . at least out here the air was fresh even if i still felt like a nervous wreck for no reason . i smelled the distinct fried scent of fish and chips being eaten by a couple of young a few hundred away . they like they were a good time . i envied them . by the end of the day we were set to leave but first we had to hand the house off to whoever was coming in next . usually i would wait in the car while this but today i decided to stay around for the extra fifteen minute ordeal . strangely enough the two ended up being best who were in our cottage with their for the next week . hopefully they won t have as of a time as i had here i thought . my handed one of their the and then stepped out of the house . i her . we to drive away but the uneasy feeling did not stop . i still felt the foreboding tightness in my chest that made me feel as unable to move as a stone statue . we then got back to my house which i was at for a few days . the feeling was still there but i was getting better at it with computer and booze . i was sitting on the couch watching pawn when my mother finally got the call . she put it on as she always instinctively did with literally any call she was taking . carol said whoever was on the other end it s the sheriff . something at your house . i instinctively in because this had something to do with the place where this whole thing . there s been a murder . the in your house have all been . the next morning the news came out . two of four in an idyllic stowaway cottage on the coast of . think it was done by the x killer who the site of his future with an x always found somewhere on the property . i was right the whole time . growing up my family was always incredibly close . my and i lived about an hour away from my who were the picture of a cute old couple . grandma had short gray curly hair that she wrapped in nightly a strong perfume and of twinkling gold jewelry that she never left home without . grandpa wore his pants up a little too high suspenders and had the biggest glasses i ever seen . if i t grow up in their presence i don t think i would have it myself . regardless when we would go visit my at the lake house they my heart swelled just thinking about going to visit them . i knew we d get there late at night and grandma would have a plate of out waiting for us to munch on while catching up right before bed . then i d lay in a bed with scratchy and a thick quilt listening to her and my chat in over some wine . i d wake up to the smell of coffee and bacon with grandpa s old record player scratching out a tune from the s with both dancing in the kitchen with in hand . those times visiting them were truly some of my happiest . when grandpa away grandma took it very hard . they were german and came here together after . they were too young during the war to fight but well enough that it was time to leave as soon as they were old enough to do so . when they came to they only had each other they t even speak they just spent all of their time together working to find a job to support themselves and their growing family . eventually grandpa would have a break and get into the stocks in in the early s and as their to grow up they truly felt that they the dream that they worked so hard for . when grandpa i don t think grandma quite knew what to do with herself . she lost sleeping in until noon not bathing as often as she should and not keeping up with the house . she also would only speak to my mother in german seemingly to the language that she and grandpa were so comfortable with . i t speak german but understood a few since my family was so on becoming that they t place a high priority on my learning the language . to grandma s house now a blur of confusion not understanding what she was saying and frustration as she could see that i no longer understood when she tried so desperately to communicate with me . my mother did her best to translate but it was as if grandma was stuck on german mode . it was almost as if she forgot completely how to speak . she would look at me with wide the same phrase in german over and over again and with each repetition she would stress each word thinking that if she it down i would understand . she got when i still t understand what she was saying almost as if she s been speaking to me in german forever and i should have known by now that she me to get a drink from the kitchen . i think knew that grandma t last long without her . they say that people can die by heartbreak and i truly believe that s what to my grandma . after grandpa s passing grandma and we had a ceremony in both and german for her . i remember faintly cleaning out their house by the lake . it was in the end of the summer and we up all of the and and sorted into enormous piles classified as donate keep or toss . went straight into a and we had startlingly small donate and keep piles . however on the keep pile i saw my had put a couple of down . they were in thick and you can tell they were just completely filled the were at the sides with whatever contents were inside . while the rest of my family was inside i over to the pile and picked up one of the . it had my name on it so naturally i to open up the envelope and read what was to me . just as i slid my finger under the lip and was ready to pull apart the of the envelope my my name . she told me that grandma had said i t yet ready to read what was inside and that she give it to me when grandma said i was ready when she knew i could handle it . i was upset but put the envelope back and really t think much of it again . it s been since my away but a couple of days ago i got a call from my . she told me that she just had a feeling that it was time . naturally i had absolutely no idea what she was talking about and her to clarify . she that with everything going on in my life she felt that i was old enough and mature enough to finally read the envelope that grandma had left me . she put it in a manila envelope in an overnight courier service and i d receive it the next day . the package while i was at work and i got home to a big manila envelope sitting smack in the middle of my door mat . i scooped up the envelope threw it on the table and went about with my evening routine . i just how big that letter was and there was no way i was going to be able to stop reading so i had to get everything else done first before i even to read that whole thing . around pm once i had made dinner up and took a shower i sat in bed with my dog snoring next to me and by the light of my bedside lamp i the envelope . inside just as i remember was a now letter envelope completely with what was inside of it . the corner of the flap was from where i had tried to open it ago so i once again slid my finger underneath the corner and ripping open the envelope with my movement . just as i suspected there were and of all to me . i the first one out and the first were my dear i have a confession to make to you . my initial shock came from the fact that the letter was in . after of my grandmother speaking nothing but german before her death i was to have to translate the entire letter . the letter continued though my dear i have a confession to make to you . i was not always the woman you know today and while i may not have always had full awareness of my back home i them nonetheless and i must tell you about our family line and what i fear you are to become . as i am sure you know your grandfather and i came from a small town in the north of which before the war was a beautiful place to live . we would roam the as young in the grass and then the snow as summer turned to winter . however with the change into winter my family took on a more important more ominous role in the way in our region . you see my ancestor was what our people refer to as . you may not know who she is but let me explain how our family works and how we came to be who we are now . was once a goddess . she was beautiful and powerful and she always had a sense as to the goodness of a person . she would get a feeling deep in her belly if someone was truly good or truly bad at heart . eventually this feeling of her completely and when the season hit midwinter would roam the countryside entering any home that she upon . once inside of the home she would close her and focus on the feeling deep inside of her and it would lead her to those that she considered to be bad . once at the bedside of the sleeping person would take out the knife that she kept sheathed in her and would slice open the belly of the bad person . she felt in her stomach whether a person was good or bad and that she reasoned must be where the soul was kept . by slicing open their stomach she the most essential part of a person s being . most of the time however the people that she sliced open were . once the gruesome deed was done she would remove the from the person and place them next to the body . she would then take of straw and that she from outside of the home and place them inside of the body instead of the that were once there . as time went on even though she was a goddess grew old and to keep her tradition alive . the people of the region were and to her that was good ! the more people were of her the more they and the less she had to perform her task . she decided to have a daughter and to raise her as the second iteration of herself she taught the young girl how to channel in her belly whether a person was truly good or truly bad . once on from this world her daughter continued the work that she had . and since there was no gap in time from one to another the daughter took on the personification of the being the townspeople her mother to be . as each woman had a daughter who would take on the solemn duty each year that . you and i my darling are of this line . i am the last to roam the region our family is from . i tell you all of this now because i from and only partially my . after the war i i t stay any longer in that place and i t complete the duty i was born to complete . this t who i was and i was not going to bring into this world only for them to have to do the same as me . i felt it pull at me ever since . the in our family are born with the ability to tell between good and bad and i feel it on me everyday each day getting and until i fear i can no longer ignore it . it may drive me to do something i m not of and i need you to believe that we are not the sum of our . we can fight this and while i grown weak in my old age i taught your mother to fight off the feeling in her belly and i must teach you to do the same . the remainder of these will show you how to push back against ancestral and how to beat the role our had for us . you need to listen to me you need to believe me and you need to fight it . if you give into this feeling if you begin seeing people for who they truly are i fear it may be too late i stopped reading and felt my heart drop into my stomach . i can t explain how but i knew she was right . i met a new person i felt a pull in my stomach toward a feeling i can t explain either pushing me toward a person or physically repelling me from them . i knew in my heart that my grandmother was right . this was in us this drive to punish the bad was inside of us all the time and we had to fight it off . i m not sure what made me do it but i decided to call the police department of the town where my lived when i was a . i knew they had done an autopsy on my grandfather and i for a copy of that report as a kin member . they me over a copy of the autopsy report the next day and what i read turned my skin pale and my heart beat a million times a second as i forced my anxiety down in order to open the and read in confirmation what i already knew to be true . my grandfather s body was found sliced from the neck to the pelvis with straw and inside of his body cavity . i need to continue to read my grandmother s and learn how to fight this . grandma clearly t hold out forever and i need to learn how to be better at the demon inside of me than she was . i can t bear to lose another one to this beast inside of me inside of my whole family . the following event in southern over twenty ago . i don ' t recall the exact location i to in the that and still reside here now . it was somewhere within reasonable driving distance of . my had two gaffer and babe and because we lived in the city she an old couple who lived in a remote location to keep and look after the . the old couple had no of their own i remember and no other were kept there i am not aware of what my ' s relation was to the couple before she had the there . but i remember their property it was vast and beautiful surrounded by . the back sloped down to a river with a sandy shore and across the river endless forest . the house itself was built of beautifully and all the floor was hardwood . the older man who lived there was often working on a structure he was building . i cant remember what it was a shop or garage . but i do remember him cheerily talking to me about it when i . i remember the old lady had a kindly smiling face . they us like family . they lived on a fairly unused dirt road that wound its way through the wilderness beautiful for horseback riding . one day when i was about seven we went to visit the and my nana came along with my cousin laura . she was the same age as me in fact our were just days apart so we got along very well . while my and nana the and the we took a bunch of beach we had brought little plastic and down to the river to play in the sand . we were a golden afternoon under the building sand and throwing in the water watching the dazzle in the sunlight . i aloud what fish thought when we threw the in if they thought it was an attack from the sky . my cousin told me the fish knew we were here already because they could feel the vibration of our in the water . thinking of anything me based on my made me uneasy so we both tried to stay as still as we could . that ' s when we to hear a deep rhythmic pounding sound like someone beating a kettle drum in the distance . we at each other the worry i felt reflected in laura ' s . its just the man working up by the house she said and i relaxed for a moment before she was wrong . i could hear the man working behind us the light tap tap tap of his his hammer stopping and starting again . but this sound came from across the river and it was a very deep sound with heavy bass . also it was growing steadily . the best way to imagine what we were hearing would be the part in when the little boy closer to the game in the construction site and the become more and excitable except the sound we never picked up pace only volume . we stood petrified while the pounding came closer laura ' s grew as she into the across the river . it grew so unbearably loud that we our over our and ran screaming up the slope back to the house and barn . our nana had us and was coming out of the barn closely by my . crying we told them about the hideous drumming sound that they had inexplicably not at all . they the slope to investigate themselves but all was still and serene . they told us it was just the old man and his hammer and to go back and pick up our . we tried to refuse but they angry at our defiance and did not listen to our rebuttal . when they went back inside the barn laura cryingly said she would not get the . she saw something she told me . she told me there was a large head that poked out from behind a tree so dark and massive she thought it might be a bear however she saw it pull its head back and poke it out a second later from a different tree much closer to them . it too fast and a bear would not be able to hide its bulk behind a tree nor would it peek at them in such human fashion . she also did not see it move from one tree to the next . i felt an icy chill run down my spine . now my was very strict with me so i knew that her was out of the question . but i also wasnt prepared to go down there alone after what laura had said . i tried to reason with her told her it was probably just a bear and that the thumping we was probably its because he is so fat . we broke down in a hysterical laughing fit a giant clumsy bear falling over and the to steady itself . and although we did succeed in making ourselves feel better laura still to climb down the embarkment . she went into the barn while i to recover the alone . the pounding again as soon as i had down the slope and stepped onto the sand this time however it was almost unbearably loud immediately . it was hard to believe they ' t hear it in the barn less than sixty away . it had also become very dark suddenly as if nighttime had onto the riverbank . i squinted afraid of what i might see if i my all the way the and thrusting them in the bag as fast as i could before back to the path . i stopped at the foot of the hill and snuck a peek behind me . i saw a black hand gripping a tree a little way into the brush a massive shadow standing behind it . it was not a bear . the blackness of its face was not from hair but as if the creature itself was darkness . it took a step towards me and suddenly was standing on the other side of the water immense and shrouded by . it had covered ten with barely any movement . heart in my throat i up the hill . the banging and the darkness when i the top but i did not stop running until i was in the barn . the old man cane in hand slowly made his way through the living room by his nurse . reaching the dual that led to the outside he then made his way towards the balcony where i stood leaning against the balustrade watching them approach but his nurse whispered something into his ear and then him towards the chair nearby . he sat with all the laborious effort of one befitting his age and his cane across his lap . the wave of a hand the nurse who silently back inside the house . i watched her departure with envy despite his fragile state i feared the old man and the conversation i would soon be subjected to . he at the sky squinting at the clouded expanse as if the light of the sun had still somehow his . he his to chew on something on one side of his mouth then finally set his gaze on me . i tried to calm myself to appear relaxed and casual despite the graveness of the imminent conversation . we at each other for a few neither person their true when at last the old man spoke so what you got for me this time ? the question was simple enough straight forward without the preamble of inquiring about my life or the drive there . i that because the anticipation alone was causing sweat to dampen my undershirt . there s been an increase in lately . subject specifically . we kept on them over the and while their had steadily declined since there s been a recent in that we just can t explain . a resurgence ? as to the cause ? i don t know sir . of all the they seem to be the easiest to conjure and wield . the old man considered this for a moment looking over the railing onto his mist lawn beside which my car sat the only vehicle in the lot and on the . the man i had come learn never left his estate and had all his food and entertainment . he drew a hand over his hairless scalp as if brushing away bothersome a gesture of habit i suspected given his condition . he turned back to me a grimace on his face and said seek them out destroy them . i grown tired of these tiresome . the regular are ill to handle them and we don t have the time or to de illuminate entire . these fledgling incubi are fodder for greater and the more of them there are the more those abysmal feed . we can t combat the if they re fully . i and the old man returned his gaze to the sky squinting at something overhead . i left the balcony and had made it halfway across the living room when i my name . i turned strode back to the balcony and . while you re there break off one of their teeth . i d like to add one to my collection . he me with a wave of a hand and i left . as i headed out the front door the the kitchen pushing a on which laid a plainly dead body with a tarp drawn over it up to its chest . i took my hand off the doorknob went over to the elevator that sat in the center of the home and its door for her . she in thanks the inside and took the elevator to the second floor where the old man . i d gotten a tip from a contact that a large gathering of had been spotted in a suburban neighborhood in a state . the collected from who ' all been by the pending evaluation of reliability all spoke of and them . the as usual gave the characteristic with the only variance being the number of teeth . some a somewhat definite number typically while said there were too many too count or that the number to increase every time they at them . as someone who had his fair share of with i can say that there is no definite number the amount seen to vary indiscriminately . i met up with my on site contact who had himself in the home of one of ' s . the property had been inhabited by a single woman who d been savagely apart and casually on by one of the in question . it had left her body partially eaten and dismembered on her front lawn for the entire neighborhood to see . luckily the local had had enough sense to report the grisly murder as the attack of a wild animal . if they t the area would in a panicked frenzy calling for the search and capture of the murderer . that t have been good for anyone certainly not those with finding the monstrous entity . my contact had the necessary and indisputable override of jurisdiction and the police gave the house and our investigation a wide berth . a prowling bear was by the police chief as the bestial murderer and the poor creature was tracked and slain . though initially shaken the public was put at ease by this unfortunate yet necessary sacrifice . we went over the witness the data into what was seen experienced and confidently and the discontinuous information . once the had been settled we the incident and figured out a rough route along which the had traveled in its . the to occur within a five mile radius although the to have been chosen based on proximity alone no higher motive beyond that was made obvious to us . those who had had no knowledge regarding the of other no greater connection to bridge the victimhood . well there s only one reasonable conclusion to be drawn from all this . i at him with dismay knowing exactly what he had meant . there s a conjurer here . he confirming my answer and the back into their respective . i sat on the couch into which several gashes had been made presumably by during the attack on the homeowner . my contact sat beside me waiting for me to gather my . typically are dangerous people . they possess a sense of what the ultramundane awareness being able to tap into and mold the . this ability they bring into existence typically entirely from their . the resultant are almost always monstrous and malevolent . we yet to encounter a conjurer who had humanity s in mind . they always rear some terror from the unspeakable abysm and the always it back . i t tell my contact about my secondary objective a tooth from a . under normal the collection of individual or from is strictly . the entity is to be to the realm from whence it came or if manageable . the former is almost always the preferable solution since the latter and far beyond the fairly limited budget of the . it t just take a lot of firepower to eliminate one of these it the precise employment of several of extremely expensive and volatile munitions . since the mission had been formally by one of the of the i had the privilege of operating with near total sovereignty and t divulge any unnecessary information to my supplemental one of which my contact is considered . i him for his help and relieved him of the mission which understandably a and disappointed him . i him no explanation and the only protest he put up was a sigh he understood the of our odd bureaucracy . i him of the exfiltration and evidence elimination and he went about setting the incendiary throughout the house . i left him and drove to the park situated in the middle of the neighborhood where i was confident i d encounter the if not the conjurer himself . night and the park s few out as i sat in the entrance lot scanning the grounds for the familiar of activity . when the sun had fully set and the moon had risen to bathe the area in its ivory light i got out of my car and stalked towards a grove at the southeastern portion of the park . i by the massive playground which was empty and cut through the dining area also empty . i knelt amidst the shielded from sight by the umbrage of the that towered over me . i listening for any unusual and finally something that drew my attention towards the open field that was presumably used for the recreation of dogs and casual sports . standing in the field wearing a grey robe that was barely defined in the dusky atmosphere was a figure the height and size of a young man . their face was concealed within the of a hood and their were in white leather which eerily reflected the moonlight making them appear as if they with some innate power . these were raised to the sky as if to beckon something from the void . fascinated but alarmed i watched breathlessly with my hand resting in my pocket . usage of the fork was rare even against the more heinous . many of them could be or subdued with the appropriate incantation the arcane knowledge known only to of my rank or higher within . those who re field but haven t to my echelon rely on standard a messy practice and more likely to draw attention from innocent than dispel the target . the moonlit individual continued the strange ritual and although i could not see his face i nonetheless a soft whispering rhythmic lyrical like chanting . at first there t been any discernible effect upon the atmosphere but as i and to make out a few among the eerily the moon to descend from the sky . its image grew and the light it cast upon the earth spread and until the entire park was aglow in the lunar brilliance . i felt a great weight impress upon me as if that earth tied satellite truly had left its orbit to skirt the of the planet . i also felt drunk on the moonlight my head swam my vision was tinged with an almost blinding whiteness . a powerful cosmic force with my and my mind until i felt utterly . i lost sight of the figure amidst this sensorial chaos but i continued to hear the chanting . just when i thought i d drown in that oppressive moonlight or be crushed beneath the sheer bulk of its origin the bizarre gravity was relieved and i at once my . i was lying face down on the grass my dug into the earth as if in some animalistic panic i had sought to claw my way to subterranean safety . when i up the figure was still standing there . but rather than be relieved by the sight i feared he would have at the completion of the ritual i was suddenly beset with a terror as i upon the lawn where he stood . he was no longer alone . in the wake of that lunar communion several had . they the figure and by the way they stood in of obeisance it was clear that they were his not his . i ten of them all bearing the of primal inhuman savagery . ordinarily such a pack t have been a problem . i possess within my vast knowledge of the grim and dark arcana of their realm several that could dispel them all . but the figure who had them who possessed the ability to commune with extraterrestrial through sheer will was a different matter . human those with of the are difficult to combat in one on one . i t a hope of facing him and his simultaneously . my first thought the first rational course of action was to escape . i t have been by my at least not under normal . whether or not the specific individual who had hired me would accept my adherence to protocol was a different matter . he had been fairly insistent in tone if not word choice that i retrieve a tooth for his collection . going back without the mission was excusable considering the . but empty handed would most likely in a punishment not altogether preferable to the fate i d face in combat against that horde and its master . so stuck between a bureaucratic rock and a supernatural hard place i made my decision . i from the grass with my tongue flying the of and disenchantment rolling out powerfully venomously . the figure turned towards me unperturbed and in my direction . the horde immediately and i spat out the spell speak contemptibly as if spewing corrosive saliva . the first four fell and writhed on the grass their skin boiled and their knife edged teeth grew brittle and fell away . but still despite the magic induced agony they their never and their and inhuman completely open . the rest as a pack of might hesitate at seeing their leader by the swung axe of a cornered . there was no true intelligence in their behavior . they were physical but no more sentient than by a skillful puppet master . i took advantage of that momentary pause in their murderous advance and raised my voiced and flung out my giving greater power to the body curse . the for their hesitation . the fell upon them like and they to the grass to lie still as their to the destructive effects of my spell . it was a sickening sight seeing their reduced to steaming of molten flesh while their smiling their innumerable teeth losing their moon given luster . i one and out a tooth before it to nothingness . throughout the slaughter the figure t . their face was still hidden within the cast by their hood . their posture was relaxed the antithesis of my battle ready stance . i was unnerved by this disparity their body language a supremacy of ability that i could only dimly perceive . take the tooth and go home . you done your job at least as much as the old man truly for you to do . you t try your hand against me . he spoke softly and i sensed an aged wisdom in his even though his voice was youthful . despite the impression i had felt regarding his immense power of which i was certain i did not want to leave without at least to accomplish what was still the primary objective or the source of the . even though i had slain ten of them this individual could just conjure ten or a hundred more as i soon as i d left . never before had i seen someone wield the ultramundane so easily . subtly i slid my hand into my pocket and the fork . its effectiveness against was but i still had my about its usage against one so skilled . but i t anything else in my arsenal i knew of no that could inflict any substantial damage against such a magically formidable opponent . i my breath and did my best to steel my body against the cataclysmic effects . for a moment just before the fork s activation i thought back on all the fun i d had with my left arm and thought ahead to the i d no longer be able to do without it . i savored these for an instant then without warning the fork into the ground . the power within the instrument out into the ground and the entire field into a of molten earth . all of my body save my left arm was from the volcanic eruption by the protective effects of my theurgy and i did my best to stay conscious as the inferno the skin bone and muscle of my sacrificial limb . i had feared an excruciating pain but the heat had eaten away the flesh so hungrily so quickly that i only felt the sudden and bizarre absence of the limb . there was of course a phantom sensation as some spiritual part of me still the incorporeal element of that fork but otherwise the physical sensation of my left arm had been abruptly . a few later the conflagration dissipated leaving a crater in its wake . i whispered a spell of atmospheric command and the smoke was away . i almost cried out in surprise at seeing the figure standing down in the center of the crater . he was completely unscathed and even more relaxed than he d been prior to the destruction of the environs . he up at me and although the moon filled the depression with its glow his face concealed by shadow . he raised one white hand and bent the forward slightly . i was thrown several away until i came into contact with a nearby tree . i a loud crack a sound whose source was impossible to determine in the suddenness of the collision . whether my back or the tree s trunk had been broken was an impossible thing to know in the unforeseen and violent moment . as my vision waned and darkness me in an alarmingly comforting embrace i thrust my hand into my pocket to make sure the tooth was still there . i awoke in a familiar sun room but one that brought me no great comfort . the nurse stood over me looking down with an impassive expression although her were filled with worry . but that worry could be in to several and i immediately absorbed and felt her unease . i tested my right arm and it rose stiffly . i used it to probe my body searching for any of extensive . aside from my i felt no material clinging to my skin nor keeping it together . i then tested my and with relief at my ability to still move them . it had been the tree trunk that had been broken or else the nurse was indeed a preternaturally skilled practitioner . my joy was short lived however when another person the sun lit living room . this person i also although i t to see them up and walking . the corpse i had seen on the prior to on my mission went and stood next to the nurse . he whispered something into her ear and she cast a glance at the space where my left arm had been then left the living room . i and felt the rumble of the in house elevator . the man who before had been nothing but a corpse turned towards me and cast a look that i t to understand . i in response . where is it ? i told him that i had put it in my right pants pocket and he around the room . spotting my pants which had been laid over a nearby chair he strode over and went through the . once he found the item he sought he threw the pants onto the floor . he studied the tooth with darkly twinkling as a cruel hearted child might study a piece of candy or toy snatched from a smaller peer . the man then the tooth in the pocket of his robe and returned to my bedside . the dismissal organization thanks you for your sacrifice . you will receive the appropriate and we will have a replacement limb grown for you by . the steward will debrief you . the man who had once been old and left the room with a notable spring in his step . i sat up and nearly over as i that i was lying on the same which had once that body to its latest inhabitant . the nurse returned a few later with tea which i accepted gratefully and drank thirstily . once i had finished she took and set aside the cup then help me get dressed . she me as per protocol and once satisfied me from the . my car which i d driven to the incident site was in the driveway . as i i received a brief flash of memory in which i myself being in the blood trailing from my body . i shook away the memory and turned to the but saw nothing out of the ordinary . stricken with a situational clarity i then that my clothes too had been completely . all evidence of the previous night s horror and pain had been thoroughly . with my business i out of the driveway and drove albeit with one arm back to my home to await my next mission . simply reading the title you might be wondering right now why the hell would a store selling even be at night ? i know because that is exactly what i my boss when he me the so promotion . " when do you think people need light the most you silly goose ? when it is dark out of course ! " i ' m not lie i ' t appreciate the way he to me but luckily we were hardly ever inside at the same time . mainly because it was such a tiny store you could only ever be inside with two or a maximum of three without breaking a light while making a turn . being up in there with him ' t exactly be my fantasy . to call my boss . eccentric would be the literal definition of the word understatement . and his personality was reflected in each and every light bulb and lamp inside this tiny store on evergreen avenue . i fell in love with it when i saw the shiny colors in the that very first time i to this town . the store was right next door to a pub that we only once and even though i may have been slightly intoxicated i could have sworn i ' d never seen such beautiful art in the form of light . and that was only from the outside . hell did i know that i could have simply in that night ! seeing that we are apparently open at those times . i did however wait until two days later when my had but not my curiosity and fortunately miserably drained wallet . because you see when i came in during the day the were off but the architecture of the stood . it was the very first time i met this peculiar man . . i my hand for this gorgeous lamp that was entirely made out of broken mirror when i to my right and his pointy noise which was perfectly in line with his only slightly less pointy chin . i up and met his and he but it was that typical sleazy salesman smile . he ' t speak but pointed towards a sign please do not touch the before purchase . " sorry " i . " it ' s a really nice lamp . they all are . do you make these ? " he shook his head . " no dear i simply have a good eye for them . and the right nose . it also me this lamp might be a little off your budget " he . i would have been offended if he ' t been entirely correct . this lamp cost more than most of my furniture together and knowing myself it probably ' t have more than a few days with me anyway . i a polite smile and got ready to take off when . to change that problem of mine . in time of course . " you seem to have a good eye too . not sure about the nose but i can ' t be fussy . would you like to work for me here ? " i certainly ' t be working just to afford one lamp . however i did need work and this like the perfect place to spend some time while helping the occasional customer that might stumble in . i accepted there and then . it ' t much to think through . i money and had a lot of free time in between writing . . gave me the tour taught me how the register worked and honestly that was mostly it . of course i was worried but after working a few alone inside the store full of art in the form of light i something essential . nobody ever came in here with the intention to buy . and if they did they left after seeing the . of course the best time to visit us would be late in the afternoon or early in the evening when the combination of deep green warm red and bright blue would light up the and the ceiling . that ' s when a few would stumble in . they the had a chat or two and left again . i did like those times best . during the day it just felt like a regular boring store but when it got dark it a whole different world . i never worked later than though and so i usually ' t have much time to enjoy it . i believe that during all those that i worked for . i only ever sold a few light and a couple of the discount . i never did ask him how the store was able to run as long as i received my each month . and with the store being empty most times i also had lots of time to study . now after the initial confusion as to why we would sell at night i decided not to ask any more . because for one . never ever gave to my satisfaction and second because the pay would be double of what i make now . i ' t care less why this old gentleman to be open even more to sell even less but it was none of my business . so i made my way through the dark to the one shop lighting up the entire street to start my first night shift . i would learn over time that work was surprisingly booming at night . i assumed that . would be there when i but the door was locked . i my key and up . while i ' d never worked at night i did spend here at times when it was dark out already in autumn and winter . still at this particular time the evergreen lamp store had a mysterious to it . the were shining so warm . some colors were bright felt matte but it only added to the feeling of coziness . i went behind the counter logged into the register and took a seat on the stool . i got the book that i brought from my bag turned on some music and got ready for a long night . before i knew it two had already without a single customer walking inside which to be fair was not exactly surprising . i got up from my stool and up to the door to open it and see if the pub next door was at least open . i some faint music coming from next door and i believe there were some people walking outside but i ' t tell for sure . the entire street was pitch black . not even a single street lamp lit up the area . the only light was coming from this peculiar lamp store that i was standing inside . which meant that i ' t point out anyone but they could all see me . i took a step back and closed the door . this was the first time that i felt a sense of fear . only then something inside of me to click . why exactly had i this situation to be acceptable ? this was nowhere near regular . this ' t a diner a truck stop or a convenience store but a place that for sake . no soul could be thinking well this is the proper time to go and buy a luxurious crystal lampstand . and i hardly knew anything about . at all . " why are you only now starting to wake up ? " i my head and an older gentleman in the store . his ash grey hair was half hidden underneath a purple top hat he was wearing thick round glasses and a pocket watch in his hand . " when did you come inside ? i ' t even hear you . " he . " i . you quite distracted . i do not believe i have seen you in here before . my name is and i come here quite regularly " " i usually only work day . i ' m riley " i tried to smile but i felt a strange sensation come over me . this whole situation felt so absurd . " oh what a lovely name riley . now i am glad to see some new . the regular can be quite rough . dear riley could you help me ? " " help you with what ? " i . he again . " well i would like to purchase a lamp . ' t that what this store is for ? " he raised an eyebrow . " yes of course . sorry " i " i honestly ' t expect any around this time i suppose . " " but you ' re the only light around ! where else would we go ? " he walking around the small store which suddenly far bigger than it ever to my before . " do you already have something specific in mind ? " i while trying to act as normal as possible . " yes . . . " " excuse me ? " he came closer his were piercing right through mine . " you know which one i ' m talking about don ' t act dumb . " i my mouth but no came out . i did know which one he was talking about . the lamp made out of broken mirror that i had my on . without saying anything i him towards the small lamp . " splendid . it is even better than i . bought ! " " great " i . just happy that he would be getting the hell out of here soon . " so i guess we come to the next point now . there are three prospective currently . a former actor stuck inside a loop he can ' t seem to get out of . he is into sick and but honestly he is tough and i believe he can take more of it . then we have the lovely lady whose entire life of being a research rabbit . she thick skin she will be fine ! " " you want me to help you pick who the lamp ? are those of yours ? " he shook his head . " oh no . they are interesting who are in need of some future perspective . " i had no idea what he was talking about . " what about the third ? " i . " oh yes . my personal favorite . she is a trickster . cost many their life . i believe she the that they are so of ? " " who are they ? " my breathing was getting . why did everything he said sound so familiar to me when it was so entirely insane ? it was almost as if he was speaking in a language that i knew but forgot . " why do we have to pick one ? " i . he . " balance of the universe i guess ? not everyone can have bad luck all the time . " " the lamp them bad luck ? " " seven to be precise " he . i the lamp that was standing right in front of us now . in its light ' t look like a friendly grandfather . his skin was full of his a poisonous yellow and the top hat of death . " no " i whispered . " your choice dumb child " he said in a loud manic tone . i the lamp tight and took a step back . " go away ! " i cried and closed my . when i them again he was gone but the lamp was still in my hand . although now it less silver and instead more red . " what is going on " i whispered to myself before realizing that the lamp ' t red . it was my own blood that was the glass . my were full of . i the lamp it to shatter into a million but it ' t . it lay there on the floor looking just like before except that my blood kept dripping on top of it . drip drip drip . i seeing and the of the store all one while my body was frozen . " what is going on " i repeated again not that anyone would answer . however in my blurry mind i again ' t that somebody came in . i assumed had come back . they the lamp off the ground . " be careful " i whispered even if i ' t care less if the weird old man hurt himself as well . " you should be telling that to yourself " i the person speak . it was a different voice . a much younger and more pleasant one . i up and that the in front of me were deep green and friendly . i was by a smile that both nice and worried . " help me " was all i could say . i felt like i would pass out any second but he ' t come closer . instead he towards the door . " give it to the third one " i from a distance . as he said those my vision clear again . the were gone and so was the blood . for a second i assumed that i had fallen asleep and this was nothing but a bad dream but the young man with the green was still there . i could see him much clearer now . " who are you ? what the hell just ? " he came closer but his far less friendly now . " i ' m . i usually work nights here . i told that old bastard that he ' t simply throw you in the cold water but he ' s so stubborn . . " " was i just bleeding ? " " yeah and you would have too if i ' t there . listen if somebody to buy a lamp you must help and sell . if you don ' t it will hit you instead and much more concentrated too . " " what do you mean by it ? " " the bad luck riley . " " these are just some " i . " this is insane . tell i quit . " . " look i can ' t do all of this again . you choose to not come here . you promise yourself you won ' t . i do that every day but when the turn dark i always show up again . " he . " all we can do is pick the right to receive bad luck . " i my and headed for the door . whatever was going on i to be far away from it . " you can try and leave . go home where you came from but be honest riley . do you remember where that is ? " part begin log test alpha ten male and ten various strike smuggler s greed per subject duration days blood type mostly o with a few b n n male b e female d . u . i . purpose determine if anomaly is safe for introduction into armed at across the world . day male and female absorb the anomaly through their skin . no effects and from although many feel uneasy . day male subject of paranoia although the are mild . continue to monitor for further . female subject nausea to monitor . all other no . day male subject reportedly mumbling incoherent to himself which unnerved other . female subject is sitting in the corner without moving for four . male subject is about the paranoia growing and to be removed from testing . request was . day male subject is now frantic begging to be because a shadowy figure is apparently been stalking him . security taken at his chamber . female subject no longer nausea of . female subject from the corner . when she that she was sleeping the whole time . male subject from mumbling to himself to complete mania laughing uncontrollably and banging on . this behavior is frightening the other . day male subject is deceased . subject was apparently torn apart by an unseen force . chamber was and subject disposed . male subject was . when security tried to restrain him he one of the and was shot by the other . subject disposed . day all feeling happening to their with male and feeling hotter and and feeling colder . female feel more agile and feeling more athletic . female are pain in all . pain suppression medicine had no effect . day female are deceased . they apparently into piles of flesh on the floor . both were disposed . male report ambient temperature and female report being unable to sleep and needing to run around . day no change in behavior and . day three of male skin color to a pale blue with colors to light orange . all female suddenly from camera view and an hour later . day all male can wield fire or ice depending on the color change . this is voluntary and approval been for these to form a strike group . all female have the ability to turn invisible at will . they have also formed a strike group . success end login hindsight when we had to park the car on a dirt road with only a government power strip on it and cross the road to reach the location we should known it was a bad idea . but it t like we were worried for our . we never have been . it had been a long day my car broke down after a hour shift and my best friend had to come pick me up . neither of us could figure out what was wrong with it so i a roadside mechanic who said he could come out and check it out the following day . tired we got food and went to my apartment to out . we t done that in we t have the time or energy . what time we t spend working was spent in bed not wanting to get up to see the other . it was during this that hey jake attractor void or anomaly ? . . . what ? he turned his phone towards me and me a screen the same thing . it s . it s what now ? you haven t of it ? it s been all over the mostly . i shook my head . i t been paying much attention to anything lately . what is it ? he it was an that gave you a random location and you just . . . went there . he almost something about manifestation but i had already agreed and was taking his phone out of his hand . i something to do and distract myself that t my own anxiety biting at me . most of the screen was taken up by a map with a radius of km . at the bottom were the of attractor power and void . i hit void then generate . the screen turned black and white text . what would you like to find ? something interesting . something that made moving worth it . something that made life worth living . imagine it . manifest it . because we were good young we did as we were told and closed our trying to manifest a reason to live . not like we t spend every day doing that already . when we them an owl took up the screen telling us to prepare and i t even get the chance to move when the map came back up . point void anomaly under it was an address i t recognize . in on the map i could see the point was in the middle of . is that private property ? squinting . sure is ! you ready ? i my emergency drive bag a bag my portable charger an extra cord a notebook and pen and a water bottle . it was solely for the purpose of when got bad in my head and i just to get in my car and drive . i used it more often these days . less than twenty later we re both standing on the side of the road across from the point . had to park on a dirt road a ways off parking on the side in our city would been a horrible idea and we over . we for the road to be clear and across . on the other side there was a ditch directly off the pavement filled with of dirt similar to snake all along it . it was the only way to the with a treeless stretch of tall grass . we both stood at the top of the drop off staring down into the and possible snake . maybe we find a dead body i said one of the i had read on the way there . with my phone plugged into s car charger of course . no way was i going into this with it even on . hopefully it be one of our own . i t comment . especially when i agreed with him . a sewer pipe went right underneath the road leading into the overgrown bank . the grass went up to our and it t until we were already in that we the growing along ankle height . here we go ! i said with only a slight tint of enthusiasm . i through the briar patch and reluctantly me . since we had come right from my apartment and neither of us were known for thinking through we t exactly dressed for the occasion . i had on short shorts and had short pants as well as at least i had on tennis . as we i could feel every little cut on my as the dug into my skin and along until i was past . long of red were scattered on both of our . finally we got through and we were on the edge of the . up the and handed it to me since i could read a map better than him . i turned it so it where we were facing and it parallel to the ground . look see ! it s the middle of this pathway where there t . unless we want to deal with more we re not going straight there . pointed ahead of us and sure enough grass taller than even him along with even more grew everywhere in the stretch . the it was . i took the lead and we headed into the . it was only short in width as it bordered a farm it was the on the other side of the stretch that was formidable . it went on for according to the map and neither of us were good with when everything the same and we t see the sun . all throughout the small journey to our destination i as his way over fallen and small of water going criss cross all along the dirt floor . he nearly right into a tree and i caught his arm . t you say you grew up on a farm in a rural area ? did you never go exploring in the ? the thought me someone who had spent of his childhood and high school in the pretend and just going on forever until the darkness me back home . shook his head . our t really like this . i never went in them much anyway . what did you spend your time doing ? he at me a real genuine smile i t seen in . video . it was a sweet bonding moment that got ruined real soon . i spotted something dark through the soft brightly lit grass and out into the strip . i over and back just as fast . me and back . an animal carcass was strewn across the only patch of short grass torn apart and unrecognizable . maybe of the area and we both took heavy away . . of little . i at them but i could feel little all over me as they to me and . i my together in an effort to keep them from getting in my mouth . waving my around in a feeble attempt to get them away from me i accidentally right in the shoulder . feck sorry dude . he t answer me . i blinked through the swarm and if i had eaten that day it would come right back up . the dead deer was laying in the small patch of short grass right in between us and the rest of the easy way through the stretch . i m from the my family is a combination of and and i had a vulture as a best friend back home . dead were a common occurrence as well as being the main feature of at family . but this was much worse than simple . this was a mutilation . an attack on the poor thing . it s entire body was torn open entrails and out into the blood grass . were almost clean and we could see the skull through a hole in the neck . i felt sick . i backed away and ran back to the right on my . as soon as we the dark shady and death free safety of the i keeled over and crouched in the dirt . burying my head into my arms and trying to take deep . beside me i could feel doing the same . a pricking at the back of my head at me and i violently shook it away . a pleasant but jealous feeling that i t feel like . alright that s enough for today . want to go to another location ? shook his head and pointed at his phone screen . we re not too far from the . might as well go all the way and make this worth it . he pointedly t look at the corpse when speaking . i thought about it for only a moment before and nodding my head . we continued on through the and kept going around the strip . in complete silence we his until we were directly across from the bright red point . we at each other then stepped out of the and crossed the barrier further into our nightmare . not even away was grass that led back into the . this was where the point was supposed to be . broken glass the ground quite literally it like someone had . it s probably nothing jake . someone else must have gotten these too . t they randomly ? we re not that far from the farm . probably one of their their drinking from overbearing . but even he t sound convinced . i t know why but something about the area t seem right . maybe i just to believe that since it was a new place and something was odd about it . i bet if someone came into my they d feel something was off too but it would just be the lawn we t to pick up after the last storm . i bent down and carefully picked up a piece of glass holding it up to to inspect it . it was thin and after looking closely was curved just a bit . my stomach and i around spotting a broken piece of long slender plastic . this t a beer bottle . it was glasses . like . i up at through my own glasses and he blinked at me through his . this had gotten too creepy and it he agreed with me as we both lightly for the . as we ran something hit me . nothing physical nothing stopped me from running . but something for sure hit my chest . i stopped of my own accord and turned back towards the strip and walking . why ? good question . wish i had an answer for you . behind me i could vaguely hear what the feck i was doing but i just kept walking . just like when i drive down random at night with no real direction when i go on through town and take random turns it was like something was telling me to go that way . that i to see what was there . as i broke through the clearing i it immediately . a circle of grass amongst the field of t what we were to find but alright . just to add to the weirdness factor . what the is going on jake ? s voice ten away and right at my ear still incredibly tired . all i could do was shake my head an sense of dread took me over and i turned and booked it . praying was behind me i along back into the and all around me . there was still plenty of daylight i knew this . my phone said with no reception . but the sky was growing already . not even in the winter did it get night this quickly . i running and reaching out my to feel for bark and myself out of their way . my foot caught on a log and i went face first onto the ground . the warm soft ground . all at once my body relaxed for the first time in what felt like forever . i rolled onto my back and took in a deep deep breath . i almost t need it i t breathe but also could breathe finally . nothing it back nothing weighing on my heart to keep it from beating at a steady normal pace . the overbearing sinking feeling over took my chest begging to drag me down into the of the . the closed in over head and the sun was successfully blocked out . no light in the only source being from the far off tower strip . i tried to move but t . i raised my arm and it just back to my side it was it was light as a feather with hollow and filled with lead at the same time . i let my head hit the dirt as i back as all my motivation to stay up left me . but it t scary . only strangely comforting . it t feel like it to harm me simply take away any pain . take away everything until nothing was left the sadness . dull all my . block out the . silence the . i could just not move . let it consume me take my spirit and mind away . it would be so easy jake ! s voice cut through every thought i had . any resolve i had to let whatever it was take me broke away . my best friend me and as much as i to die he me to live even more . i to my heavy and took off into the strip . i dashed through the grass the broken glass leapt over the deer waved off the and ran until my and my chest was burning . jake ! the grass cut at my and arms sharp searing pain akin to getting sliced with a knife covered me from head to toe but it was to the building anxiety rising in my chest . i broke into the circle and there was . just laying there staring up at the open blue sky . his arms and as if he was just on a lovely day . but the fear striking his face and streaming from his and neck told me otherwise . i fell to my next to him and an arm around my . had a good five and on me but the shallow breathing and feeling in my brain gave me just enough strength to lift my best friend up to get the feck out of there . we finally made it past the deer and suddenly slipped away from me . i to panic until he my hand and we both took off . we ran in the slim space between the and strip leaping over and doing our best to avoid . it was the most terrifying time of both of our . especially with the feeling now rising out of the ground to pull at my trying desperately to drag me back down . i it the best i could until i t . i briefly stopped yanking to a stop and on the nearest stick . it broke right in half and the feeling with a cold fleeting pass . i slipped my hand around s wrist and dragged him through the strip . then we the sound music to our . driving past at fast back road no around . we ran faster and the road finally came into view . we only down enough to step on the and climb up and over the sewer pipe . me up and we took one step onto the road . well we did find a dead body . shut up . probably dangerous to stand on a road at night but nothing could felt more dangerous to us than those . the pavement felt like heaven to us at that moment . we caught our breath and across the road in silence . back to the car got in and just sat there . the car and switched on the . the two of us into the dimly lit dirt road ahead of us neither of us wanting to speak . if we did then that made it real . what we experienced had been real and we had really almost let ourselves be left behind . we had almost . we t know what about what we felt led us to believe death was the end goal but neither of us doubt we would if we t just gotten up and left . no matter how hard it was to do so . something we had both for so long . but given the chance we t let go . it t feel like the other to me anyway . i had been in control then . you good ? i to croak out . out a weak laugh . not in the least bit . you ? i m never going into the again . eventually he put the car into drive and we left . back to my apartment . i had work early in the morning but we t want to be alone that night . so we slept on my floor where i tight onto his jacket sleeve until the sun rose . neither of us brought up him choosing to call for help nor me that call . one thing i learned throughout my long life is that people t as different from every other species on earth as they think they are . what some might call the that make us human t all that exclusive to us . are capable of empathy form that are much like our own and mourn their dead just like we do . the emotional complexity of the other on this earth is a fascinating subject but there is a dark side to it . xb are capable of rape . polar have been known to cannibalize each other and killing just for fun is a common behavior by many . hell if you through the animal kingdom i m confident you d find them just about every single abominable act under the sun . the only thing that really humanity apart is that we re a little more self aware . we re not above the depravity but we try to be . maybe that for something . i really can t say . xb what me though are the that imitate humanity . those who look like us act like us and talk like us but t strictly speaking human . i m sure you of fae for instance . they re all over the spectrum . they re intelligent mostly and although a few of the less human like have no interest in some of them are damn near indistinguishable from anyone you d pass on the street . you could drive yourself mad wondering about the nature of humanity . where it or what is it that truly separates us from the . intelligence self awareness empathy or something else entirely ? i myself t even begin to come up with an answer and that s a shame . you see i hunt for a living . you t think it would be difficult to tell the difference between a person and an animal but when most of the people you deal with t technically human that line can easily blur . it s always those that stay with me . down a mindless animal is one thing but going up against something that s not all that different from you well that s a lot more complicated . xb my name is marsh and i m not exactly human myself . not . it t be surprising that i had quite a bit of experience with the supernatural enough so that when it threatening regular people i m the one they call . xb the international fae department of public safety t normally poke their into isolated . strange turning up every now and again were small potatoes . as grim as it . people run into all of nasty from time to time . there s no way to stop it . however when a pattern comes up that s something they can t ignore and when the latest incident a whole family of five turning up dead that s when i get a call . xb the ' s had been a moderately well off family living in a pretty house off of a country road . well off the beaten path . it was an drive from my modest little apartment but at least i t make it alone . xb rose a woman with whom i d had a complicated relationship with in the past sat beside me . when we d first met and she d been just an ordinary girl and contrary to what pop culture might have some people believe romance between ordinary and t ever end well . it had been a few since she d come back into my life and circumstance had made it necessary to curse her with the same immortality that i . it had been a hasty decision but better than leaving her to die . i t turn her for the sake of company . i m not quite that selfish if there was a future for us we t quite ready for that discussion . for the time being i was content to simply help her adjust to her new eternal life and to that end she d been helping me with my work . it had been since i d had a partner and so far that arrangement had worked out nicely . xb i could see the flashing of the police cutting through the dark marking the house as we drew near and up the long driveway . i caught the of a couple wary uniformed as we up to the house but they t try and stop me . near the front door i could see the shadow of a portly man in his forties . i him even before i saw his face . detective rick . an old friend of mine . xb as and i got out of the car for us in the doorway . he took a final drag on his cigarette and watched us as we the door before he it and let us in . nice to see you again marsh . he said . all business as usual . the inside of the house almost immaculately clean . you could have probably used it as a . it was just the three of us in the house . as per standard protocol the other had been removed from the scene prior to our arrival . it was better that they not see too much of us . xb always a pleasure detective . i . his gaze on a hint of mistrust in his although he kept his mouth shut about that . what are we looking at ? i . best to keep on track . towards the stairway . are upstairs in the main bedroom . four . two two . he said . four ? i i it was a family of five . the child may is currently missing . we think that maybe they might have fled . we got some searching for her now . you think they ran ? i . just and turned to lead us up the . possibly . i can t imagine our was interested in given the mess they left . he led us into the bedroom and stopped outside the door . see for yourself . xb i at him before opening the door . i d seen my fair share of in the past but seeing a child had never gotten easier . i d known what i was walking into and at the sight of the still on the floor . beside me let out a quiet gasp . she as i stepped inside . the man who used to be . was on the bed naked as the day he d been born . his body was as pale as alabaster . his wife lay close to the door crumpled on the floor and her two were scattered about close to her . xb the first thing i was the blood or the lack of it . . had almost none around him although i could clearly see several bite on his body . most of them were on his and some of them as if they d been healing . most of them . it t take a genius to figure out that the ragged chunk torn out of his throat had been what had him . his wife and on the other hand t been drained . they had been bitten that much was clear but their each had one single fatal bite to the throat . from the look of it they t fought much either . i all three of them lined up by the bed and quietly waiting their turn as the killer picked them off methodically xb what did this ? quietly another vampire ? she stood over the of the wife and careful to avoid stepping in the pool of blood that the carpet beneath them . t the only out there . i as i over the body of . . i his head to get a better look at the wound in his neck . the bite jagged as if the flesh had been torn at . i studied the healing on his as well . those to be a few days old . the been cleaner and t gotten much treatment . xb what else could have done this ? . my guess ? a siren . i said before standing up . i for her to join me by . ' s corpse . see the bite on his ? those are a few days old . they were healing . that s usually where most bite . the chance of killing the prey . if they go for the throat well at the ragged wound in . ' s throat . she got the point . bite pattern consistent too . i noted have a mouth like a shark . made to rip and tear a siren would also explain the position of the . how ? . from the corner of my eye i saw leaning against the doorframe listening intently . well what do we know about from mythology ? i . xb they sing ? . she at me then at for confirmation . they hypnotize . said . and they re supposedly so beautiful that they re irresistible to men . like a honey trap right ? more or less . i said . reality t all that far off . most are female . they tend to target men looking for sex and then feed off them . they re just like us only they also got a natural hypnosis to make the process easier . it t work on everyone but it might explain why the wife and just stood there while our killer picked them off . they probably in on dinner . why not drain the wife and though ? . the stomach can only hold so much blood . she d already drained the husband . that s enough to keep her fed for days . so that s it then . said i don t suppose a siren might be behind the other we found ? xb it s possible . i said . these days you don t see as many siren and you t see any this close to it t add up . they usually stay away from urban and most of their have against killing these days . it s easier to stay hidden without piling up . it still from time to time . tend to get addicted to them . they keep seeking the siren out . she accidentally too much too fast and the body . well as of tonight we re at eleven in the past three so obviously something t right . said . eleven ? i raising an eyebrow . just like this ? that we know about . i can send you the . same bite same lack of blood . the whole shebang . . why t the sooner ? xb he . most of them were . downtown and all that jazz . a few were found in the water . we had no way to confirm anything strange was afoot at least until now . i rubbed my . this t good . that s just in the right ? what about outside ? northern maybe around the border ? i can check . said what exactly are you looking for ? i want to know where she s hunting . i then maybe we can figure out where she s coming from . there t any active siren anywhere near the so she s got to be a stray . i watched as scribbled some down in his pad . xb get that information to me as soon as you can in the meanwhile i m going to reach out to an old friend . see if she might know something . a friend ? . somewhat . she might know a thing or two about any other in the area . maybe she have an idea as to who we re looking for . gave a nod before his . alright then . i let you know what i can dig up . i leave you to finish up here . i in return before taking out my camera to document the scene . xb when and i left the house we t head back to our apartment . the night was young and it was the ideal time for a long drive . i could sense unease as she sat beside me . she t need to say what was on her mind for me to know what was her . it s to be upset you know . i said . it t get easier no matter how long you live . i don t know if i should be by that or not she the smell was what me the most . i could smell them starting to i her a comforting hand and she quietly took it . i get killing the wife to cover her but the what does that ? i thought you told me t that much different than us ? xb most t . i . eleven though . probably more think about it . you and i can feed without killing a person . can do the same . so why leave that big of a trail ? . she t answer but she knew what i was getting at . our killer t killing for food . she was killing for fun . xb sound was almost a four hour drive away but it was more than worth it . and i spent some of the evening in an inexpensive motel in town before i went out looking for my contact . i knew she t going to be happy to see me but the only other siren i knew t exactly a local . i someone who was . xb like an attractive girl in her mid with short red and green that to shimmer like sunlight on the surface of a lake . she favored cutoff shorts and loose fitting tops that off her body and only barely the on her sides . at a glance it would been hard not to admire her and that was probably exactly what she . and i just so to run into her at the local drug store . she d been in one of the when she spotted us and the moment she saw us she knew it t an accident . i could see her brow furrow slightly and the ever so slight tense of her . she watched me closely as i her holding her ground as if she a fight . xb well well . marsh . she said as i drew . look if you re here about the cat food incident . it s been thirty . just let it go . cat food incident ? . i her . it s nice to see you too . you look nice . how s domestic life treating you ? her lip curled upwards in an snarl some of her jagged teeth . xb peaceful and quiet . she after a moment ' s hesitation . i know this t a social call . what do you want ? why don t we talk about that in private ? i . she . you ambush me at the drug store and then ask if we can talk in private ? seriously ? i knew you t answer the door if i came to your house . so you me ? she then raised an eyebrow at . who s the broad and why t she try to talk some sense into you ? this is . she s a close friend . i said . is she now ? and here i always thought you were gay . . . i m in a hurry so talk fast . she picked a bottle of aspirin off the shelf and it into the basket she had slung over one arm before down the aisle . i her . xb i was you might be able to help me find another siren . what ? i m not good enough for you ? she . a specific siren . she s left a hell of a trail of . well it s not me . i get my blood from tinder and i don t leave . rounded a corner and headed into another aisle where she stopped to look through the selection of tea . i figured it t . i m looking for a stray . the kind that for fun . she . i saw a flicker in her . xb i got eleven in the over the past three and i m positive there s more that haven t been found yet . of course there s more . she said quietly before sighing anybody get a good look at her ? there might be one witness but they re . i said . i don t suppose there was anyone you can think of from the community at silver lake before well before everyone . you don t need to tiptoe around it . i got my closure . i on . said . what kind of tea is best for ? i can t tell the difference . ginger root or peppermint . i said . she took one box of each . xb any sister who was at silver lake is either dead or fled further north . she said thoughtfully i doubt you d have any luck around up there i do remember that there was an incident about a year before everything went up though . a couple had gotten bold and were prey into the community . i m pretty sure was the one in charge . you remember her right ? the one with the stupid cowboy hat . anyways turns out some of the prey they was a little too young and she was always way too kill happy . they the envelope a little too far too many times and got out for their trouble . too little too late if you ask me . it was probably their little stunt that led to the community getting discovered and out . do you know where they went afterwards ? i . . xb i can t say i might something about another sister in the area though she to think for a moment . yeah yeah some of the down at the university were a party and i usually stop by since it s easy pickings . i saw this one guy at the bar who was drunk off his ass and talking about a girl he d who d bitten him . i guess it like . it definitely t me . . . i don t exactly follow through with my prey . my sexual preference is dinner so i tend to eat and run . but other than that i haven t seen any of another sister in the area . you t happen to catch his name did you ? hopefully . the bartender him derrick i think ? i haven t seen him around since . went for her phone to message . is there anything else you might know ? i anything at all ? xb hate to say it but that s all i got . said with a shrug . s gang are the only in the area i know about although most of them her shortly after they got out . one of them got for hunting in our territory and i another found a home south of the border . as for and her third friend they off the face of the earth could be you re after two . either way watch your ass . especially if it is . noted . i . that derrick s body was found in last week . drained of blood just like the . said looking up at me and . if was the one who him she would to finish the job . said . she pursed her before she . me regardless of whether or not it is her you two are going to have a hell of a time against a sister . are you offering to help ? i . xb offering . she that s funny . you re not going to take out a sister without another sister on your side and as much and i don t really feel all warm and fuzzy about sending you to get even if you are a whiny prick . we took down a ghoul a few ago . said it can t be that much harder can it ? my year old mother could pop a skull and she s been dead for fifty . she . look i got to take care of something first . make some and all that but i can be ready to go in an hour . maybe two . we can wait around . ' " i . no count . one hour . i meet you back at my place . it be just like old times . she clapped me on the shoulder before turning to leave us . as soon as she was gone over at me . xb so she how exactly do you two know each other ? it s complicated . i i tell you later . right now i think i need a drink . xb true to her word we met up with about an hour later . she carried a small with her and stood waiting by the front porch of a small but quaint suburban house . i thought i could see someone watching from the upstairs but i t get a good look at them . everything taken care of ? i as got into my back seat . it s fine . let s just get this over with . she as i took off . i have to say i never you of all people to end up going domestic . i would figured you d have gone up north with the . there s no food up north . sound s small but it s got a steady rotating supply of fresh blood . and i m sure that s the only reason you stayed . i . through the mirror i could catch her glaring at me . i have a good friend in town . we have an arrangement . i out to a friend of mine . there s a cottage a few from here by a silver . i thought it might be a good place to look . silver ? . xb was one of the who was out with and the only one who t for . a lot of use the name of their community as a surname . was always a yes man . if i had to take a guess i d say she s still with . it s a good place to start . i said so . what s the address ? trail . it s a little bit past but it s right on the water and out of our territory . not a bad place to hide if you ask me . t that a little far from ? . it is but even if t involved she might lead us to . i . we might as well talk to her . put the address into her phone and i back at . she was already looking at her own phone and tapping away at it . xb you sure you re leaving your friend alone ? i t be here if i t know she d be alright . she . trust me . she can take care of herself . just keep your on the road and your head out of your ass and everything will turn out fine . i and ahead at the road . xb it was around in the afternoon when we made it to the cottage . the sky was overcast and the air had a winter chill to it . the were nearly empty . next to nobody was up in cottage country at that time of year . it was a lonely place that would been a perfect place to hide . king s trail ran adjacent to a lake and a wispy mist over the surface of the water . we got a new from . said as we drove along the narrow road like our number of gone up to about thirty seven . almost all of them were found in water . most of them were during the past month . where exactly were they found ? i . all over the place . river parry sound so between and . said i guess she . xb i spotted a sign for and turned down the driveway . it also her in this area . i said . the cottage ahead of us run down . its wood paneling as if it was peeling off the exterior and had outright fallen off in some . it abandoned but i spotted a blue ford truck in the driveway . somebody was clearly home . i my sedan behind it before getting out . why travel such a long distance though ? as she got out . supply probably . i d imagine you need to feed every few days don t you ? she . yeah . just about . said . xb well it s the same for us . now if you re not killing your prey you can let them rest and come back to them when they had time to recover . if you re smart you can get yourself a bunch of frat who think with their and just farm them . it s still a fair hunt but you re not your supply . start killing them on the other hand though it the hunt that much harder . i finished as i the cottage . the inside were out . i t smell anyone inside although there was a faint stink of decay in the air that made me uneasy . i tried the door . it was locked . let me have a look at that . said before she past me . she tried the door as well before violently throwing her weight against it . part of the door as it swung open . xb i murmur under her breath as for us to go inside . the interior of the cottage empty . there had once been furniture inside but now it as if it had been removed . the place abandoned save for the smell . something in here . i noted as i into the kitchen . oh really ? did your enhanced pick that up ? . was she in here ? what the hell ? she covered her mouth and nose before entering the house after me . xb the stink of death was overpowering . i that could found its source but i could . i from the kitchen and into the hallway . the smell was coming from the bathroom and i braced myself for what i d find in there as i the door open . the bathtub was filled with water and i could see the corpse of a woman floating inside . she d been dead for some time that much was clear . her and were both bound with thick rope . it as if she d been left to drown . xb i covered my mouth with my sleeve at the sight of her and made myself step forwards . my immediately went to her neck looking for that she d been bitten but i saw nothing . instead through her partially open mouth i the jagged teeth of a siren . what is it ? from behind me . she d stayed outside by the front door . we got another body here ! i and i could hear coming up behind me . she in the doorway as she saw the body her . . . . she before to the side of the tub . it s . xb what to her ? i and watched as into the water . she up s shirt her before grimacing in disgust . someone stuffed her she said quietly . excuse me ? i . they her . said put something in her so she t breathe . look at this slowly she into one of the and out something round and dark red . i t tell what it was at first . cotton cotton . me xb you think did this ? i . who the else would done it ? snapped . she down at the body again before forcing herself to exhale and shake her head . this this is sick . she tortured her ! hell she t even have the common decency to bury her ! she should be in the lake buried ! not left up here to stink and rot ! i . . . she stopped herself before going further and tried to force herself to be composed . i need to make sure she s properly buried before we leave if you need evidence . whatever . just do it now i a half nod before taking out my camera . i made it quick . xb with the body i left the cottage so could do what she to . was standing down by the floating dock looking out over the misty lake . she back at me as i came down to join her . is everything alright ? she . yeah i feeling tired . i down my hair as i out over the lake . the body to . s to bury it . i think this just that it s we re after . that s good t it ? . i gave a half nod . xb yeah . the will put out an alert on her . she turn up soon enough you don t sound too happy about that . she noted . i m fine with it . it s just i . she tortured one of her own . a friend from the of it who does something like that ? who one of their own just because ? people do it all the time . said i people before . not for the hell of it you t . i rubbed my temple before sighing . we look through the cottage after s done . see if we can t find any hint as to where went . xb i felt reach for my hand and let her lace her with mine . for a moment we just stood there together in silence . in my pocket i felt my phone buzz and away from her so i could answer it . the number on the display to . . i said as i good to hear from you . how s it going marsh ? he i think you d be happy to hear that a neighbor just brought us little may about an hour ago . she s safe . i let out a breath that i t know i d been holding . xb perfect i think i got an id on our killer . i give you a full update when we meet up later . how s the doing ? but unharmed . said like she got a good look at the killer but i m trouble getting any out of her aside from the fact that she drove a blue truck . a blue truck . xb my over to the blue ford that was by the cottage . i d assumed that it was although if it had been sitting there for as long as she had it should have been covered in fallen leaves and snow it t . excuse me ? a blue truck ? i . my guess is the and as soon as her got . she must seen the killer driving off . i a look with . she was looking at the truck too now . if that was s truck then she d been at the cottage recently . xb or she was still there . xb where would a siren at a lakeside cottage hide ? xb head to the side looking over at some movement although she had no time to react before the dock was thrown upwards . something burst out of the water beside it and as it did the dock was violently . was into the water and as the spray fell i saw the figure of a woman standing in the lake her on me . xb . xb it had been since i d seen her but i her all the same . her long brown hair clung to her face and that cocky look in her eye was impossible to forget . i my phone and went for the pistol in my belt but by the time i drew it had already closed the distance between us . she the gun in my hand and violently it from my grasp . her other hand me by the throat and with the same effort one might use to dispatch a child she me against the ground . well well . marsh t it ? she coyly . it s been a long time t it handsome ? she my gun against my forehead a knowing smile on her . xb credit where it s due . i t someone like you to pop in before i was done cleaning up . but hey right ? she the wet hair out of her . well . let s just call it a happy little accident shall we ? what was that you were just saying on the phone that finally turned up ? good news right ? i was she d freeze to death but hey at least i know for sure and that s what ! i appreciate the helping hand xb i saw her finger tighten on the trigger and i her dead in the eye . if she was going to shoot me i at least t want to give her the satisfaction of making me cower . i don t think it to her either way . all i saw in her was a cold sadistic anticipation . ! at the sound of s voice i saw a new expression cross s face . concern . she over towards the cottage to where stood just outside the back door . i could see a rage on her fact that even made me a little nervous . on the other hand amused by it . well well . hey there . she said did the count here rope you into this ? i thought you d gone native . leave the vampire alone . we know what you done . you gone way too far this time . you re not going to outrun it . xb what ? are you going to have a word with the ? please . i know what to silver lake . there s nothing left . the are dead as are our . it s only you and me now . the last two of silver lake . you lost your right to be sister when you were ! . did i ? well then i suppose there goes any incentive i might had not to kill you too . to aim the gun at and in doing so i saw my window and took it . i at her arm and forced it towards my mouth . she may have been physically than me but she still when bit . her warm blood filled my mouth as i sank my teeth into her arm and for just a moment her grip on the gun . xb she backwards and i to kick her off of me . the gun fell from her grasp and i at it . from the corner of my eye i saw s dart between myself and who d taken off towards her at a sprint . the woman t a fool . she knew she was . as i tried to aim the gun at her me in the jaw before taking off towards her truck . she only barely made it there before her and her into the grille of the ford pinning her against it . you the prey to silver lake . you were the one who it ! their blood is on your . xb her teeth and drove her first into s neck i her gag as she to breathe . with a cry of exertion was hurled to the ground as to the cabin of her truck . by the time was on her again the engine had to life . the truck shot forwards throwing up onto the hood where she rolled off and hit the ground in a heap . i forced myself up to my and took aim at the windshield . i only got off two before the truck hit me too and sent me back to the ground . my were ringing but i could see s truck shoot backwards . its rear against my sedan before off the side of the driveway and backing out onto the road . a moment later she was gone leaving only the sound of squealing rubber in her wake . xb i could see starting to pick herself up wincing in pain as she did . from the corner of my eye i watched crawling out of the lake . she rushed to my side as i made myself stand . she s going after the i rasped . we got to warn . i spotted my phone on the ground nearby and to it . picked it up . she handed it to me and i the number . bitterly in the direction had driven off in . she was ahead of us but we t out of the fight yet . xb part of me had hoped that we d catch up to on the road but we t see a single trace of her . i if perhaps she d only she was going after the child to throw us off . send us back to so she could go elsewhere . i t going to bet on that though . it was past sunset by the time we made it back to . we t bother heading to office . we knew he t be there and neither would may . rick was many but naive he t . xb instead we headed towards the city ' s west end . it had been some time since i d to visit apartment there . it t his home . i d never actually been to his home before but i d been to the apartment . he and a few of his had used it before as a . if there were any place he d take may it would be there . the apartment was in a more suburban part of town in a duplex on a quiet and unassuming street . i the sedan out front and got out . my body was still a little sore from being run over by a mermaid serial killer but i knew i could manage . t look like found him . noted as we got out and went for the front door . i as soon as i that it was open just a crack . immediately i went for my gun and my way inside . the apartment was dark but i could smell fresh blood . in the dim light i could see a man lying against the wall . alive but wounded . . xb i swore under my breath and rushed to his side and him groan in pain . i could see the gash in his neck . he was losing blood . fast . i put some pressure on his wound trying to stop the bleeding if i could . marsh he rasped . the she s here . i to the she s got the ! i could hear behind me her hand my own to put pressure on wound . outside i could hear the roar of an engine . we d just her . xb i took off like a shot rushing past through the door and back out onto the street . i could see the of the truck just down the street and i took aim . it was reckless but i had no other choice . i off three before i the pop of s rear . her truck and into another car . the ford all but crushed it . xb i kept my gun raised as i the crash . i saw one of the truck swing open . the small shape of a child out onto the street and desperately tried to run . the driver ' s side door and i watched as stepped out . she the hat on her head before fixing me in a glare . terrible timing marsh . she . absolutely terrible . you re not getting the . i said . it s over . xb oh ? it s over the prissy little vampire cop ? she you think i m going to throw in the towel just because you tell me to ? i been an apex predator for longer than you been alive vampire ! it s in my blood ! my very nature ! there s no it . i am what i am and what i am sweetheart is hungry ! xb she took a step towards me but i t going to let her close the distance this time . i the trigger . the bullet struck her in the shoulder but it t stop her . she threw herself at me and not a single bullet i fired was enough to slow her down . then from the corner of my eye i saw movement . something her and her to the side forcing her to the ground . in the i saw standing over keeping her pinned . sorry . but the now ! " xb she before breaking her nose . her closed around s throat ready to choke the life out of her and i put a hand on s shoulder . i kept my gun trained . don t ! i her . why ? you know she it . we should stuff her drown her like she not right here . she her mouth to protest before she saw exactly what i meant . xb the and commotion t gone unnoticed . people had come out of their . countless were upon us . this t the place to put a mad dog down even if she had it coming . i saw s grip on s neck loosen . i kept my gun trained on her head but she was out cold . she d stay that way until the distant police made it to us . xb detective was lucky as was may . both came out of that night alive . i suppose was lucky that she did too it t easy to keep from finishing the job behind closed but i to convince her to settle for detention . it was a small comfort to see shipped off somewhere where i she d ever see the light of day again . personally i t have minded seeing her put down but i don t make those . all i do is enforce them as best i can . xb when and i parted ways with back in sound the next day i honestly was i d see her again and maybe i will . only under better . maybe next time i can see what kind of life she s out for herself . maybe someday i can have one of my own . i am not extraordinary . i have never at anything i and throughout my life and now i have lost my will to fight . now i live alone in a one bedroom apartment . and before you ask yes i find living alone to be strangely blissful . i work from home and i shop limiting contact from the outside world so to speak . would you believe i t always this way ? that i t still this defunct and even had a . back in my prime i was considered to be a real catch . i t say were fighting to be with me but considering that i had more than one love interest sometimes even simultaneously i believe i t obnoxious either . as i said i was good enough but never extraordinary . i find myself on this train of thought more often than not . i often wonder what i could have been . i t want to go down the rabbit hole of my because that s both irrelevant and very and i am not a big fan of . you can call it a lover s squabble if you must . but i am a fan of watching television . it is all i thought about recently . i find myself instinctively around for the remote and turning on that wondrous machine . i may or may not use the from the to fill in the shrill sound of silence which is palpable in the atmosphere surrounding my room . i never really pay close attention to what is happening . it all last year . if my memory me right i was watching news of how said bye then to trump when they had to pause for a commercial break . my younger self would have at me for watching the and not switching . but i t seem to care . i was busy about what could have been and i thought nothing would be able to break that train of thought . i probably would have been correct on a typical day but today i had no of being average . the first few were trying to sell me stuff . honestly instead of selling something physical all seem to be on selling me their subscription . i find it frankly very . it was the next ad that caught my attention . there to be a lady confessing her undying love for someone on the television . neat she must be loaded and her man must be extraordinary for her to go to this extent i . paying it no heed i continued to watch as another advertisement filled the screen . it was about time for the program to run its course but before they were to conclude the transmission for the day they took another quick commercial break . i hate these news . less news and more . i thought as for the tenth time and i was forced to see people trying to sell me stuff . i probably would have been fuming and rightfully so until i a familiar chord progression . my consciousness immediately switched to what was happening on the television and i be damned it was that chick again . this time i forced myself to listen to what she had to say . i love you ! i have always you and i will always love you . she was trying to confess her for someone special and here i was trying to get over her gorgeous appearance . how did i not notice her before ? she t your typical fair maiden . instead she had a complexion that of dark chocolate . one that bittersweet as i was soon about to find out . she had deep black one in which you could see your reflection . her rhythmically as she spoke perfectly fitting the soothing harp in the background . her like the on her left cheek made her look like a human . because otherwise i would call her an angel . i remember seeing you from afar never the courage to come out and tell you about how i feel . now i feel confident enough to tell you that i do . you are the man of my dream . she continued . meanwhile i was all over for her . she made me feel like a younger more energetic version of myself . i felt so warm just by looking at her smile herself . for the first time in a long time i was longing for someone and funnily enough it to be someone i have never met . she continued her monologue and i continued to stare right at her . it was then i could sense myself slipping into her silky hair . i was both and of her beauty because i could feel that i was slipping away . however i still hoped that she would be mine . you look especially handsome in your blue tee and red . suit you . who am i ? you look stunning no matter the attire ! she casually . what ? is she talking to me ? is she talking about my clothes ? can she see me ? i the moment i this question . somehow i knew i t going to like the answer . however i was still by her beauty . her beauty was almost . but i still have to ensure that it was really me she was talking to and not someone else . so i decided to keep my fear in check and thought about a million i could ask her . somehow all the while i was thinking she went suspiciously silent . almost as if she me to ask her something . it sent a shiver down my spine . i had this ominous feeling that she been watching me my entire life . just as i was to open my mouth . the and with her came to life yet again . ara ara ! don t look so . i have been watching you all your life . if you want i can narrate the story of your life . she said all the while smirking at me . holy ! . that was it . i knew she had me in her and she was indeed me . the shock from this revelation was enough to break my trance like state for a moment . at that moment i was self conscious and . however petrified would describe my situation the best . despite all the i was feeling at that time i t help but think how pretty she was . it was almost as if all that beauty was me . i to tell her to bugger off and stop me . i wished that with every fiber of my being . however all i could say was i love you too honey . there there i knew you d come to your eventually . now be a lamb and listen to what i have to say very carefully . she said without losing that smirk . had it been someone else i would have the out of them for smirking at me like she was doing . but i just can ' t get over the fact of how amazing she . i sat there staring helplessly at a girl on my television all the while she her ominous . when it was her time to bid adieu i felt the i have ever felt . losing all will to perform any motor function since the time she left me . yes i haven t a muscle in over a year . i have been rooted to the same couch watching the same television waiting for the time she would make her appearance and fill my life with warmth . i don t think i can last much longer . i know what i must do and i will not stop for she to be mine once my work was done . they found his corpse when the report a dreadful smell coming from his apartment . he had in the pool of his blood with the i love you . . written on the floor . he is the th person to die this way officer the first responder told the officer . still don t think these are and not ? he added . he is the th suicide and i would not have any of your . inspector said the officer the first responder of his rank and his stature . however the officer had no other choice to dismiss the case because it was s wish . among the police found in his apartment there was one newspaper clipping . if you see a girl on the television saying i love you do not pay her heed the clipping said . that is what she attention which would eventually lead to your demise . i am of death . i wake at night with the classic cold sweat from where i have been nothing at all . indeed i don t dream often . rare are the times when sleep can penetrate my fear so great is the . so i sit awake for days and nights at a time in my room surrounded by death in the form of a thousand mounted watching the door and waiting waiting for that tall dark figure that they call the reaper with his terrible scythe coming to cut my ethereal cord and thus sever me from this world . i know now my time must be short . during my early childhood such were never a burden . the world was fresh as was i and i eternal . such juvenile . i remember when it all . i must have been about ten at the time and i had the and therefore to my room . it was a beautiful summer day and the whole world to be with life and i was staring out my window which was facing the at the back of the house and not the grey street at front when a vivid butterfly itself on the window ledge outside . it was one of the most gorgeous i had ever laid upon and i at the marvel in awe as it its giving me of its striking and intricate . every time it its i saw new and new . for i sat there watching it from behind the glass and i remember thinking that it must be the pure embodiment of life itself . even as dusk drew in and the sun had set it on my window ledge apparently content . i continued watching it late into the evening until the faded with the darkness and sleep finally me . i went to my bed to dream of beautiful . the next morning i awoke to find that my beauty was still there ! i my window to invite it inside but it motionless . seeming to have no fear of me i out my hand and it to the butterfly to rest upon . no sooner had i touched it it fell on its side and withered . the poor thing must have in the night ! with in my i continued to stare at the remains and although its and pattern were still vibrant it had lost all of its beauty from that moment on . i could not believe something so brilliant and youthful could be touched by death . i picked up the empty vessel of the thing that was once so beautiful and it tenderly in a wooden box and i still have the creature to this day . ironically though the whole event disgusted me it was what inspired my lifetime hobby of butterfly . but that was also the day when i aware of the grim reality of death . now i am old and weary and expectant of the visitor that does not knock the unwelcome guest that can call any time he the stealer of the guide to the other side the creature of the skeletal grin the one they call the reaper grim . although that day was the beginning of the realization it t what the fear within me . oh no . i was of middle age when my family to . when i say my family i mean my partner emma and our from emma s previous marriage the eldest of seven of age and glory who was five . such good and smart like their mother . i had just written a very successful book on and had to in hope of a few more exotic . we a fine house at a fantastic price just outside of and we were settled in it within the month . though we were barely there another month when i came down with the fever . it was soon to be malaria and my health rapidly until i was a sweaty waste of a woman lying in bed too weak to feed myself or even move . i should mention that at the time of our stay in there ' t the treatment for malaria as there is now and as the fever it was by the doctor whom i have to say was the most pessimistic of men that death would come . sweet emma was so strong during all of this . she sat by my side the whole time my brow with a silk cloth and fed me coconut soup . i would like to remember how that soup had tasted but at the time my were numb and i was falling and into delirium . about a week had and i was constantly falling in and out of consciousness . my had swelled to mammoth and my body as my soul its ready to leave . i that poor butterfly of my youth . i up at the ceiling and a flock of them circling my bed . but then out of the corner of my eye i saw the figure standing in the doorway . he was about five tall and wore a shabby and tattered hooded robe of the black and in his right hand a glistening scythe ! his face was nothing more than a bleached skull of pure white that to glow against the contrast of his robe . and he at me . he at me with hollow and that frozen and eternal grin so terrible that would surely sell his own soul in order to possess it . i knew it was the reaper himself ! i shot up from my bed and pointing towards the apparition . emma was sat beside me as always and me soothingly . she t see him ! i tried to explain what i saw but she t believe me taking it all to be part of my fever . she gently me to lie down and save my strength and to appease her i did though my stayed fixed on the figure at the door . i at him like a cat for at least an hour with heavy and he back at me . he could smell death in the room . i must have lost consciousness again because the next thing i knew it was dark and cold . i myself to be dead and i again but then a match burst into life beside me and a candle was lit . i turned towards the flickering light and saw my darling emma sitting beside me and i with relief that i was still alive . again emma me rubbing my brow coaxing my head back to its pillow . i towards the doorway to my left and saw that the apparition was gone . but then my gaze fell to the foot of the bed and i saw him standing there at my ! oh the panic i felt ! he was coming for me i knew ! again i and emma did her best to sooth me but my horror was intense ! i and i but death stood there unflinching unmoving just smiling and waiting as patient as time . eventually i down but he was still there he was always there . i emma to bring me the so that i could see them at least one last time before our guest s business was through . she a long while before but then she told me that they had also fallen ill and were immovable from their . she crying . i t seen her cry before this time always holding on to her brave face but now she cried and i cried with her . death . i saw less of emma after that day since now she had to look after the as well as myself . the figure at the foot of my bed with me and i spent my time staring at that blank expression trying to find the back of the darkness in those empty . all i could find was cold infinity . i tried talking to him . he motionless and silent like a statue with scythe in hand and purpose in mind . i spent a week lying on my deathbed watching him . i studied him and dissected him with my . apart from being unusually short he to be a normal human skeleton . ha ! normal ! i don t know how i can use such to describe what stood before me ! how many stand without or sinew ? how many stare without ? how many can smell death without the aid of breath or nose ? impossible though he was standing there and he was looking at me . i could practically see him sniffing the air ! no this was no normal skeleton . i then turned my attention to the scythe . it was a good scythe as far as i could tell though i am not of farming stock and have little experience of such . but the handle sturdy i assumed oak and the joinery was fine and precise and the blade was sharp and flawless . indeed the blade extremely sharp . it was towards me in such a way that if i my head over to one side i could look along the length of the blade . i swear it was no more than a hair s thickness at its point ! though this may make the blade sound as if it were fragile i swear it had an aura of strength around it . i don t believe a blacksmith even with all their of the trade could of put a dent in it or even reproduce it . a week had past and i all with my longevity . the doctor was again and did a re examination and found that i was on the mend ! a miracle i thought and i turned towards the reaper and in his face ! ha ! i said did you hear that ? you wasted a lot of time in this house my friend ! i guess you be moving on now eh ! i then continued to laugh like a maniac until emma and the doctor had left thinking me to be still deep within my madness . but death . i stopped laughing and after a moment i saw the first movement from the apparition . slowly so slowly it was almost imperceptible his skull to turn . this puzzled and fascinated me and i watched for several that intriguing skull rotate ninety towards the wall on my right and again his posture froze . i to the wall but could see nothing of it that would attract the attention of death unless a silverfish had behind the wallpaper but i don t think the reaper would be too interested in the death of a mere invertebrate . but then realization washed over me ! he t looking at the wall ! he was looking through the wall ! and on the other side of that wall was bedroom ! no ! i . no ! i again . i continued to yell at the monster . each ejaculation a more forceful and tone . his bony body turned towards the wall and after a second s pause through it silently with cloak his behind . i made as much noise my would allow ! a minute later emma came storming through the door and tried to calm me down but this time i would not be . i and the ! the ! but she kept shaking her head with in her believing me to be mad and forcing me to lie down . the ! the ! i kept screaming . the are dead she gravely said and with that the room flooded with our silence . death came floating back through the wall and his place at the foot of my bed and at us . emma still could not see it and i don t know how he it but his grin had taken on a more satisfied expression . why is he tormenting me ? ! why had he not left ? why did he remain at the foot of my bed ? why my bed ? all the while he must of known that i would have this illness . oh yes it s true i was still a long way from recovery but even the doctor had agreed that death need not wait for me . i to talk to him to interrogate him to find his twisted motive . why my bed ? why not the of our young ? why does he torture me with his sight ? he could not have hoped to scare me to death with his presence the time for that had long past . all these i to ask him but i restrained myself as i knew my emma was still beside me . and what would it look like if the woman she who was supposedly on the road to health were to start babbling to thin air ? of death ? immediately after the passing of our . no i decided to wait until i was alone with the apparition . eventually and after great mourning she left my side as the doorbell to her from downstairs . she stood up and straight past my tormentor and through the door . i immediately my interrogation . i him why his presence was to be known to me . he silent admittedly as a skeleton should . i him why he for me but he silent . i sat up in my bed in order to make more of an impression and him of our . again he stubbornly silent . now that was the question that most so i him again what have you done with my ? he would not say a word but if possible his grin even more smug than before yet the expression was fixed . i could feel the anger brewing up inside me from this devil s impertinence . this time i what have you done with our ? but lo and behold the creature his non existent tongue . i did not hold mine . i cursed him i cursed him and let fly every profanity that would leap from my tongue ! i swung my out of bed and threw the off of myself . the reaper s gaze my . still screaming and still staring into his i up from my bed and myself to full height and faced the monstrosity . he faced me and i towards him but surprisingly he turned towards the door and through it apparently in retreat . i at him to come back for there were still unanswered but then i felt the blood rushing from my head and my vision fading . my crumpled beneath me and i fell to the floor . my at the time were about how deviously the reaper must have taken my soul without my notice for surely now i was dead . my completely and i fell into the dreamless sleep . i myself by opening my again though i don t know how much time had . i to stand up and i felt a head rush coming on . fortunately it quickly . looking around i could see that i was still in my room on the floor and that death had gone . i felt fine with not even the trace of fever upon my brow . i did feel hungry though so i out the door towards the kitchen downstairs . i strode down the corridor until i at the head of the and was to find that the banister had been from the wall . puzzled i down the to the ground floor and saw my beloved lying there contorted in a pool of her own blood ! crouched over her was my with his hand deep within her chest . rage took hold of me and i ran down those screaming but the figure me and something i could not see out of the motionless emma and it between the of his . he then stood up and past through the front door and was gone . i the bottom of the and emma in my arms . she was still alive ! i spoke to her crying i told her i was sorry i told her i tried to stop him i told her ! she her glazed and in an almost inaudible voice stop whom ? with those came her final breath and life left her completely . i was left once again holding the lifeless vessel of a life that was once so beautiful . i laid her head down gently and went upstairs to pack my . within a week i had back to my family home in where i still reside alone waiting and expectant of the visitor who does not knock the unwelcome guest who can call on you any time he the stealer of the guide to the other side the creature of the skeletal grin the one they call the reaper grim as i have done since . you hear . about and such . i never much stock in any sort of fairy tales or urban myself though it quickly apparent that quite a few of the around the village love that stuff . they got a little paranormal club that in the pub after church on . i thought that was quaint cute even . i figured it was a countryside thing . rural eccentricity . what i know . i to the village about two ago to take over the pub . it like a pretty good gig live in landlord in a little country pub . man the bar flog food and drink to and and . a good change of pace for someone who s used to living in a big town cleaning coke off the back of the in a dodgy boozer at three in the morning . the start to outweigh the of that sort of life when the grey in and the gut away from you . i reckon i d been there maybe two the first time he came in . i know it t the first week because people were still calling me then . by the start of week two they all knew my name . that s the thing with these rural you see the same every day and they see you right back . it all very friendly . if i m honest the whole dynamic made me a little uncomfortable at first . i t be without it now though . regardless it was definitely the second half of that second week when i met him . he comes in through the back door of the pub the one that out to a smoking area and the car park . just me and the chef working . well just me working really . was on a stool in the kitchen with his in watching some anime and occasionally poking his head out to see if anyone was food . there were about seven in most of whom would go on to become steadfast . and with their almost grown up son and his who t quite drinking age at the time but i let it slide plus all three of the old . there s always at least one old gent in up one end of the old but clearly bar . if there s two then the other will park at the other end . a third will take up position by the brick fireplace and gaze longingly out at the wood . they re . graham and roger gentle . people used to call them the gentle men from what i hear . time however had taken its toll and now they were the old . such is life . so when the bell over the back door goes every head turns eager to greet whichever had seen fit to join the little gathering in my new gaff . the old bloke in and himself in the first booth he . as soon as his face is in view every one of my their . it all quiet . the old make a hasty exit . at the time i t think much of it . figured he was the local nonce or something . after a few and her lot had finished their and said their good . around the same time shut the kitchen and headed off for what i can only assume was a busy night of video pornography and . that just left me and the old man . the old sat there in the booth staring at the empty seat opposite . i over and had a look at the bloke . rain coat army surplus trousers into filthy . thinning mid length hair and a couple worth of growth on his face . standard rural old geezer essentially . can i get you anything pal ? i . ' half a bitter thank you . " his voice was than i d from his appearance . he almost posh . i him he drank his drink and left . nothing spectacular . i shut up after he left and got myself to bed . the next day i open up at eleven to find one of the old standing there on the other side of the door waiting . " you re eager " i said . ' not the word i d use " he . he slipped past me and took up position at the end of the bar . " sherry please . " his voice shook as he spoke wide darting from left to right and back again as he a frayed old plastic bag on the bar top . ' everything mate ? " i as i him his brunch time stiffener . ' no i don t suppose it is " he said as he received his drink . he raised his glass in a feeble salute then drained it in one . " i be needing another of those . ' i topped him up then round the bar and sat next to him . " what s ? ' he and shook his head . " you think me daft . '' try me . ' the old gent i think this one was roger but don t quote me on that a thin hand into his bag and out a photo frame . he at it briefly before it next to his drink face down . " do you know who that man was the one who came in late last evening ? ' i shook my head . ' that was old mister " he said slowly piercing me with a blue eyed stare . ' he that wood does he ? " i waving vaguely in the direction of the window . ' he did at one time . these days it to the local authority i believe . " he his second sherry still fixed on me . " that s really neither here nor there . " he the photo frame and slid it towards me . i at the photo . it was ancient . the had faded and the resolution was dog . by the and of the in the photo it had been taken in the i think . three identical miserable twenty something the old back when they were the gentle men i assumed with a middle aged guy to their right who them enough to indicate he was their father . standing on the far left was an old man with thinning mid length hair dressed in a rain coat and old . i squinted and closer . the old guy just like my last punter from the night before . i at roger i think and raised an eyebrow . ' he was my grandfather on my mother s side . a uniquely angry man i suspect that was a consequence of serving in both world . he was rather of the rod with us even into adulthood . though that t terribly unusual in those days the with which he it was noteworthy . " he the rest of his sherry . " may i have another ? ' i and returned to my proper place behind the bar . i topped him up again and the bottle on the bar . " you can help yourself from here on out " i said . roger and me . he and before he continued . " he was dead within a month of that photograph being taken . heart gave out . that was the first i knew of him one . ' i and rubbed my forehead . " the bloke that was in last night did look a bit like him i grant you that but you can t seriously think that this is your grandfather back from the dead after half a century surely ? " i both on the bar and leant towards the old man . " you understand how that right ? '' of course i know how it i m no imbecile . " he stood slowly and his bag from the bar top . " now i know you think me to be some dotty old man a relic who s half way lost his mind . you may well be right in a general sense but trust me on this . when mister comes in it someone in the village is about to lose their life . it s been that way for over fifty . ' i raised my and said " easy old timer . i m not trying to upset you . i bear it in mind all right ? ' roger simply . he turned and made his way to the door . once he was gone i up a little and finished getting ready for lunch . it was all pretty typical that day from then onwards until the end that is . bunch of and came in for a steak sandwich and a pint absolutely dead from two until five then enough business to make it worth opening the that day . just before close i a talking with a postman . ' you hear about ? " the . ' . what s that reprobate done now ? '' he never woke up this morning . old is in bless er . ' my heart sank when i those . i considered what probably roger had told me that morning . i decided it was probably a coincidence . had the wake in the pub . quite a bit of booze off the bill . . life got very routine . old mister stopped by here and there ever the bad omen . nine times i seen him between when i first up and today . i sitting down with the paranormal club on after i hired lad to man the bar part time . he s in tonight came in just before last . i did him half a bitter and the place out . everyone what he s about . so i set about the tables . i left those nearest to mister until last . sadly he was still there when it was time to do those . so there i was only a few away from him a table . ' bit of a chore that " he said . ' you re not wrong " said i . ' still you won t have to worry about it too much longer . ' it was one of those nights in the middle of summer . the blasted wildlife was a jamboree outside my window and the bouncing and beating where than the infernal . it was to hot to sleep i had rid myself of the sheet along with my . i lay naked on the bed covered only in a layer of sweat . i over the sheen of sticky warm liquid stuck the to my body . tearing the ever annoying piece of fabric from the bed . it was a horrible night i was dead tired come off double and i nothing more than to pass out . instead i found myself baking and over covered in my own like a store bought rotisserie chicken . after a loud of from outside i forced myself from the bed . i gave up sleep was obviously not going to happen . then i made my first and worst mistake . phone in hand bleary eyed i naked though the dark house . into the bathroom finding respite sitting on the cool bathroom . it was peaceful in a way . finally i sat down on the toilet the combination of cool porcelain and seat where just what i to solve my . back i to seek entertainment on my phone . then horror broke loose . i felt quick scuttling across my bum . i myself forward phone against the as i beat at the foreign intruder with frantic . of spider clung to my pubic hair and pincers and unidentifiable pink wobbly . into the coarse hair . still against me as i sought to comb the zombie from my . it was horror yet it was over or was it . as i breathed a sigh of relief i to feel an intense itching the movement of against my sensitive skin . blinking the final of sleep from my i the situation . baby from their corpse . black that across my pubic hair . i . in a moment of quick thinking i threw myself into the shower . reaching up and turning all the . hot water from above the clearing themselves before turning to god merciful cool water . i wept in the shower as the black washed from my pubic region . yet the itching almost sematic and i found myself searching for more of the small . the water had seeming done away with them . leaning against the corner of the shower i sat there for the time . i feel and angry like i have been in the worst possible way . my body and long red claw run along my genitals where i away the arachnid threat . so i issue a warning to all those who wander into the bathroom late at night during the summer . look before you sit least you suffer the same fate . about old . at summer and easter me and my family would usually go to the village my live so they wont be lonely . it is a relatively small village . not a lot of come since its a small part of forgot to mention that the village is in so its not really big . one summer which i think was i to get a job so i can have some money for myself . my dad a family friend which worked at a restaurant and me get a job there thankfully i to be a waiter and i actually made some really good cash . it was about nights which for me at that time ' t that bad . at one point they got some stuff stolen so they had to add a security guard . i really had to problem with it since i could also bring my . at the first shift i took with me of my to help me not to sleep or get at the shift . as a security guard my payment would be so we could share the money . we were given this information before my dad ' s friend left " you will stay in this room . leave if its only an emergency if you see something suspicious call me or the police . " the were high quality so it was actually an easy job . at about am we some weird . the point was it ' t like a noise of stuff breaking or someone being sneaky . they like it to drag our attention . however we stayed by the and didnt leave and eventually the stopped . not a long time since i was getting sleepy . i one of my to cover me while i slept for to refresh my . he agreed so i went to sleep . in those i had a horrible nightmare . i dont really remember it but i can only remember a banging and my friend running . i remember anything else . while i was i woke by the alarm clock . i didnt found my in the room . i checked on the to see if something . they were outside taking a brake by getting some fresh air . then . . . the and i hear a friend of mine scream . i run outside and see them both dead on the floor . it wasnt a natural death . there were more than stab wounds that in the matter of . whoever did this wasnt human . then i banging again from the same room . since i have already broken the i checked to see what was the noise . i went there and saw my dad ' s friend being tied up against the wall . this whole time he was his head to drag my attention . i untie him and ask what the hell is going on . then i it . he us for a reason . i him back and ran as fast as possible . i a screeching and i feel my . i to scream but i would lose my breath . if i i would slow down and die . i ran all the way back to my village . i informed the real friend of my dad and after further investigation people found out this was a witch gathering place . the worst part is there wasnt just one . there were . one that my and the other me while it was by dad ' s friend . after that we left the village took our and never returned . now i ' t write this story but . . i hear a banging downstairs while my mother is saying that she needs help . they found one two xb xb i m going to assume that t go over well . she her arm anxiously . i don t know . it like it went just fine . the thing left . excuse me ? i say lowering my onto my lap . it left ? that s it ? my hand my pen hard enough that my turn white . that can t be it . she t even get a look at the thing . it left the room in a quiet voice . it into the living area but then it stopped . it t leave the cabin . her voice . it . it until it t and then the real horror . xb i let out a sigh of relief . the story so promising that i knew it t have ended there . it t possible . not if this truly was the callous man . i clear my throat . what after he after it into the living area ? at me that we should run . i remind her that her ankle s . she barely into the bedroom how far does she think she s going to get in the over uneven ground that s slick with rain ? she me if we stay here we re both going to die . . i know she s right . i know it but i can t bring myself to leave . it like the tent s the only thing keeping that thing away from us . like as long as the canvas is between us it can t see us and we can t see it . it t exist . it everything i have not to roll my . still i flip a page on the and keep a neutral expression . her perspective is not unlike a child s . people often approach terror with irrational and sometimes nonsensical of survival . of course there s nothing magical about her tent . there s nothing about it that will save their . continue i say . it with a creak of a . we hear it walking again but it s not coming toward us . it s back and forth out there in the living area and it s snickering faster than before . soon the snickering . violent . it grunting then growling . she a breath and back a sob . race down her and her are alight with terror . " then it goes silent . no movement . no grunting . no weird snickering . just the thunder outside the howling wind and the rain on the roof . i m sitting there the bear mace and s crying and both of us are praying it s gone . we re praying it s just given up . decided to move on . and and . . . and what ? i press . she my gaze with her own and a hopeless horror in her . . . . and then the entire cabin . pound on the floor and there s this hateful sound like a hundred human mixed together and out of a single voice . and i lose it . we re screaming crawling over each other trying to the door of the tent and get the hell out of there and then our world turns upside down . it s like we been thrown in a washing machine . my head off her knee and we re rolling around bouncing in this cacophony of sound and fabric and then i realize the tent ' s been off the ground . above me in the light of the led lantern i see two crooked broken piercing through the canvas . that monster s throwing us around bucking like a damn deer . soon the tent canvas and we fall free crumpling to the ground in a painful heap . s scrambling over me holding the lantern in her hand and in the madness of it all i see her make a break for it toward the window . as she does the light over that that monster . back and . i m sorry she . i just need one second . of course . i reach into my jacket pocket and retrieve a set of . i pass them to her . here blow your nose . she does . when she s finished both of us sit in silence for a moment . her bottom lip . it must have been eight tall . it was crouched over humanoid except its chest was covered in fur and its were scaly like a bird s . it had a long tangle of black hair and and its out from its eye . i mark the down in excitement . yes . good . it s a near perfect description . it s missing only a few key . the i press . can you describe them ? they were crooked she slowly . they came out at odd both different and around them was a halo of . tiny black . she her own and . i almost them except they all blinked in unison and i remember thinking it was the most terrifying thing i d ever seen . the fact that all of them blinked ? i ask . no . the fact that all of them were looking at me . did it attack you ? i have to know . the characteristic of the callous man is his method of attack . if she it then i got her . i got my link and i got him . she her head . no . i thought he might but then a racket . she s throwing herself up onto the window ledge and then she over the other side . the creature turns toward her and itself at the window . it like it should be too big to fit whatever it is but it t . it s like a snake the way its body to fit itself into the window frame . it there and i see at the bottom of its scaly are these thick and the it to grip the window have thin impossibly long . it them on the wall before it itself after . my pen across the form filling in and circling as the information itself . this is very good . i my entire life for this moment . i sit there for a second in too much shock to move and then i realize my friend is out there being by some some monster . i get to my and turn my phone s light on and in the distance through the rain and swaying i can see s light bobbing in the darkness . i call out to her . i shout her name but she either t hear me or she t care . i scan the area for the monster but i don t see a thing . i lean out the window looking around the cabin my phone s light to illuminate as much as i can but it s not there . the monster s . i m you t take your opportunity and run i say . the creature was clearly more interested in . at me . there s a stubborn defiance in her and i have to remind myself that most have a perverse obsession with self sacrifice . maybe it s the brainwashing maybe it s the fact that they just haven t enough but they can t get enough of it . before she even i see it in her too . i t leave her snaps . i was the one who dragged her out there on that hike . i was the one who we follow that stupid overgrown trail . i was the one who to use my locator beacon before it was too late . all of this was my fault . if i away from her then i could never forgive myself . her voice . i still can t . time to get a move on . you went after her then ? yeah i through the window and took off following her light as best i could . i had the bear mace in one hand and my phone in the other . the light from my phone t much but it was enough to keep me from tripping on or running into . i kept calling s name . kept telling her i was coming . she can t have gotten far with a twisted ankle i say . then again adrenaline can do incredible . her head . she t moving that fast at least to me . i was gaining on her . i could just barely see her silhouette ahead of me and the led lantern bobbing up and down as she away . then the light . s silhouette and i hear her scream . i double over running with everything i have . my are burning and my are slipping on the mud but i don t care . i m not thinking . i m acting on pure instinct and my are telling me that if i don t get to soon that creature s going to kill her . the stop . s body and she down . she can t hold it in . the torrent out of her and her face ugly as she into her . it t take long before her are glistening with wetness but to the girl s credit she herself to keep going . she t quit . s stop . i can t see anything really . the lantern s on its side far ahead of me and i can just barely make out a shape in the darkness . it s the sound that still me though . i think it always will . what sound ? this wet tearing sound . like skin being torn and blood the ground . it s by a dull crunch and then i hear . . i charge forward and i m basically just adrenaline at this point . i hold my phone up as i close the distance and i see i see it . she a sobbing breath . i see the man with the for . he s crouched over s corpse and one of her arm s been torn in half dangling by a thin strip of flesh . it s missing her hand . blood is everywhere and it s still out of her torn limb . i m too to move . too at seeing my friend dead on the ground in front of me being eaten by this thing . her voice and she into another fit of . she a tissue to her nose and a thick wad of mucus into it before throwing it unceremoniously onto the warehouse floor . she her face with the back of her sleeve . then the thing back its head and it what s left of s arm off . it to chew it . it s it s more gruesome than anything i ever seen . i don t think we re wired to deal with seeing that as human you know ? like nothing in my knew how to deal with that . once it it the arm and it its mouth again . its bottom jaw all the way to the forest floor its gaping maw large enough for a grown man to walk straight into . it there in front of her corpse for a second and then that cacophony of screaming again like a hundred anguished together . " a flurry of human arms reach out of its mouth toward s limp body . they clutch at what s left of her torn limb her hair her jacket . they clutch at anything they can reach . then they start dragging her into the monster s mouth . there it is . it s just as i remember . loudly into the tissue again . then i hear whimper and my blood goes cold . i realize the entire time i been standing there watching this thing eat her she s been alive . i was watching her get eaten alive . my mind goes blank . i point the bear mace and let loose a blast toward the monster shouting at it to get the away from her . it howling in that symphony of and shuffling back into the . i take my chance and press the lantern into s hand . i tell her she needs to hold that for us and she weakly . her face lost all of its colour and i know she s not long for this world . i get her good arm over my shoulder and keeping a grip on the bear mace begin some distance between us and that monster . she s groaning . she saying my name . . over and over again but i tell her to be quiet . she needs to save her energy and i need to hear that thing . she to me . we don t get far before i hear it s thunderous pound against the forest floor . it s running at us . i wheel around and s lantern the monster for only a split second before i let loose another round of the mace . it in pain and those long fingered to its . i don t wait around for it to recover . i keep going . i don t know where . all i know is i need to get away from this thing because it t going to stop until it what it . again i hear its pound and the dirt and again i wheel around and blast the monster . it in pain and shies away but only a few later it again . over and . she her hair then on it so hard i half expect her to tear a chunk from her scalp . i realize she choking out the between . i realize s too heavy . i can t carry her . i can t get away from this thing because i can feel the can of mace is almost empty and every time i hit it with the mace it it less . she her head her are bloodshot her . she and mucus onto her sleeve . i have to leave . i have to . if i don t it s going to kill us both . you understand right ? for the first time in her desperate recollection of the event i do understand . yes i say . life t easy . there t any real just people who pretend to be . you made a difficult choice but a necessary one . at me she at me for a long while like she s searching my expression for something . finally she slowly . yeah she more snot onto her sleeve . her voice evens out the are no longer coming in i did what i had to do . i put her down . i over and over again and i that thing coming and i took off . i ran full tilt into the . behind me i that cacophony of . she and her voice . i to that familiar sound of tearing flesh and then the dull crunch of snapping bone . i to the creature chew on . i tried not to . i tried to just focus on running or the sound of the rain or the thunder or the wind but i t . all i could hear was my friend being eaten alive . silence between us . i clear my throat . is that it ? you got away ran into the sar team on your way down the mountain ? no she her . there s a look of resigned regret in her . i hear another sound . i hear a helicopter . a moment later i catch sight of its search light beaming over the forest . i know this might be my only chance so i start waving around my phone s light trying to make as much of a scene as i can . it works . the helicopter over and it a ladder with a rescue technician . he me to a line and me if i ' m alone . i ' m hysterical shouting a mile a minute . i shriek that a monster my friend and i point toward s lantern faintly visible in the distance . i tell him it her . at her . he in to have me brought up and he ' go look for . i tell him not to . i know if he does he ' die too . it ' kill him just like it her but over the wind and rain he either ' t hear me or ' t care . i ' m into the helicopter and a few later i hear the man s voice over the radio . it ' s desperate . full of grief . he he needs a stretcher down there . he he found the other woman and that she ' s still alive . have you spoken to since ? i ask quietly . she her head . no . she um she s in a coma . both of her arms are missing the wounds are infected and she s serious pneumonia . doctor s t sure if she s going to make it . she a hand to her mouth and back a sob . her are wide and her body . i i left her there to die . if i had just stayed with her a couple longer then the rescue chopper would have found us . it would have that thing away and would still be gravely injured i finish . you can t blame yourself . you t know the chopper was around the corner . all that you knew was something to kill you and it was winning the battle for your life . her wrack with silent . i could stayed with her . she down all over again and this time i give her all the time she needs . i scarcely seen somebody so grief stricken in all my of doing this and it ' s almost as bizarre to me as the i spent my life hunting . to hate yourself for something as simple as wanting to live . it s inhuman . i m sorry she finally . that s that s everything . can i go now ? i lean back in my chair frowning . it s not that i don t empathize with her but such messy only serve to get in the way of actually fixing . in her case getting revenge for . she up then her own question . . . . i m go . wait i say . she in her . what ? can you take me there ? she at me with red puffy . her face is a mask of confusion . disbelief . excuse me ? the cabin i mean . " i lean forward in my chair . " can you take me to the callous man xb xb x . x and then it rose up from the ocean a massive towering monument of why we feared the unknown for so long . such set in place to keep us from disturbing what may wait in the dark . there t a warning . there was never time to say . it was just there a veil of water falling from its massive form as it stood to its full height . i t feel jack my arm begging for me to move to run or do anything but stand and stare . i t notice it coming closer to the shore . a warbling mass and folding in on itself almost seeming to act in independent climbing over each other to stay afloat in a sea of screaming sinew bone and flesh . i t see everyone running and screaming only to be taken into the mass of flesh through one of the countless in its body that may have been feeding . i t tell . all i knew was that it was . no . i seeing it so much . it felt like it had sunk its into my skull and was slowly tearing me apart but i ' d been to the sand staring dumbly at this great old creature . i t even notice when jack had been taken . the wall of screeching undulating flesh came closer seeming every moment to very nearly topple over on itself . down jack s face as he tried frantically to move me me up and falling over after trying to carry me across the beach and just as easily as he d fallen he under the wall . that s what it took to bring me back . a wave of dread washed over me as i the fate i ' d been resigned to . it was too late to run . the sky had been blocked out by the sight of constant spewing birth and of the born back into the shivering mass . all i could do was wait to be taken like the . i my breath as the wall washed over me and at my body at first a frantic thrashing inward but slowly it gentle . i was along by of muscle until i an opening and was through landing on a floor that gave uncomfortably to my weight . upon being thrown on the floor my were drawn to a gem in the ceiling . of lead up into the gem a translucent red fluid that at the bottom of the chamber where jack lay face down motionless . i slowly toward him . the flesh that made up the floor compressed and made a high squelching as i over to the center where jack in a pool below the gem . as i got closer a faint shadow to show in the gem . closer yet and i could see a face inside of it . all the running along the ceiling lead into the face piercing into its young childlike to provide that thin red fluid to whatever was forming within . i got closer to jack and thought to pull him out of the pool . the fluid was smooth and provided little resistance as i toward jack . whether he was alive or not i t say everything had become uncertain within such a short span of time and i felt again like a child without any understanding of the of the world . i to feel pushing outward and i wrapped my arms around him like i ' d done so many times before . it was different now . he was warm just like always . his hair still just a bit messy . i could even see that same peaceful look on his face that had been there when they d close on cold nights prior . but it was different . he t hold me back now . he t . all he could do is float there like a ship anchored to the bottom by some red stringy chord that shook and periodically . soon i i t alone in my crying . there was another voice from the ceiling . looking up that the face in the gem had grown fuller and now a child . its face wrinkled in an expression of immense pain and though it s faint and watery they were the only other noise apart from my own and for the world than anything else . the child in the ceiling as a vein tore itself from the and toward me . i felt a slight sting in my abdomen as the vein pierced my skin and to root itself inside . the sting slowly a warm dull sensation that spread throughout my body and soon enough the world was blanketed in silence and i let myself fall into the arms of unconsciousness . in the beginning there were three . a man of the sun moon and a woman who carried life and nature in her womb and they who of the darkness between them both . a god a mother and what came to be known as a devil the god gave the mother warmth and a rock to stay on while the man of the between gave her rest and kept the sun and from burning too bright . they lived like this for a long time until the first came about . xb i woke up on the beach . not all in one dramatic jolt like in the but slowly drifting between consciousness and an inky darkness until one side was favored enough for me to open my and for a moment i thought it had been a dream . but looking beside me where jack should be laying i that it t . that whatever it was it was real . everyone was gone everyone except me . by the shambling mountain of muscle and skin that for some reason left me here . i tried to get up but a dull pain up in my abdomen and i fell quickly back to the sand . up my shirt a bit i saw a new piece of tissue where my belly button used to be . it like a torn piece of rope and immensely . it like it was going to be a while before i could get up . it gave me some time to think about . about what had just . i was supposed to be spending a day at the beach with jack just a pleasant few of in the sand swimming and going out to eat afterward . but that t at all what ended up happening . the strange accumulation of flesh rising from the ocean just as soon as we d to the sandy just about any semblance of i ' d ever made up until this point . there to be a pretty apparent path left by the mass of sand of blood and the occasional limb and further out broken . everything to have been thoroughly by the passing of the wall . i don t quite remember when i stood up or how i got through the pain that new piece of me but at some point i walking . nothing was left of the city as far as i could see . there was just rubble and heaps of warped metal from one horizon to the other . though i t see a single body left behind . not complete anyway . i continued walking through the empty grave that had once been my home city following the exhausted that had been ingrained into my mind through day to day routine . work school the park where jack and i used to go none of it was familiar . i thought maybe i could get used to living out however long i had left with the of what these i used to know so well . maybe i ' d be by of times spent in these new of old . then again maybe being by the of the past t so bad if there s no room to make new . what could i form other than walking through of cement dust and sparking electronics ? through all this thought i felt a pull on my mind . i i d from my usual and had begun walking a new direction an unfamiliar one but one with a lure so strong i found it hard to stop walking . i had no reason to stop or to do anything really . so i t . more of masterfully and blurred together as i kept following the trail my mind gave me . it felt even now . i felt more as though i was in the of a car toward an unknown destination without any say as to where i was going rather than consciously walking somewhere . i t care if my beyond a measure i knew possible and my to never work right once i d broken my pace . all of this pain like nothing to the need to follow this impulse . i was dragged further and further by this need . i t focus my vision my breath or my . i don t know if i was even running . i just felt the wind tear past me as i to float in place without any other sensation besides the wind whipping past me at i never knew were possible . a trance of tireless movement that the of my body and all of a sudden i stopped . i was always a peculiar child and had very few growing up . my time was often spent in solitude . while my were out at sporting school or whatever the majority of middle do i was either drawing in my room or walking through the behind my house . this even more true after my father s passing . xb he when i was thirteen . he had simply fallen asleep one night and never woke up . it was a brain aneurysm . i will spare you the shock and confusion that we went through that day i m sure you can imagine how awful it was for me and my mother . xb to make worse a rumor to circulate in the middle school that my mother had him . this only further me to avoid my and escape into the wilderness around me . it was the only thing that i could do to cope with the situation . i found solace in the going straight from the nightmare that is public school to the serenity of nature . xb on a chilly morning i caught a glimpse of a couple of ravens building a nest together . struck by their intelligence and the strange they made i checked out from the library and learned all i could about them . xb i to mimic their . they would look down at me puzzled but not alarmed by my presence . once i food they to accept me as a friend flying down at my to feed and occasionally on my playfully . i to feel like i was a part of their family really looking forward to seeing their . unfortunately this was never to be . xb on my usual trip out i calling to them as i . they would always return my but they t on this day . i got suddenly realizing there were no coming from the around me . something was off . my breath caught my shaking . as soundlessly as i could i continued to the raven s nest . xb and debris from the nest were scattered on the ground below . despair washed over me as i what had . i picked up one of the broken my heart breaking as i it . i felt i t handle another loss in my life this completely broke me . i fell to my and wept the apparent danger the silent forest was warning me of . xb a familiar call behind me snapped my head around . it was the female raven some of her were ruffled and torn away her left wing stuck out awkwardly . she up at me sadly quietly . i my food out extending a hand toward her . she them quickly not being careful to avoid my . xb i tried to examine her wing while she ate but she t let me get a close look at it . it that she was a hard time it . after much coaxing she raised a foot climbing onto my forearm . her intelligent into mine she to be looking into my soul . xb i knew that if she was unable to fly she would have no chance of survival . while she was still on my arm i walking toward my house feeding her the as we went . i tried to silently communicate to her that i was trying to help that she understood that i meant her no harm . to my surprise she stayed never leaving my arm the whole way home . xb i brought her into the garage out a large cardboard box for her to nest in . she from the floor curiously watching as i filled it with sticks and leaves . she to find the nest adequate to the edge and looking down at it before settling in . xb getting my mother to allow our new guest was a tough sell . she was less than that i had brought a bird into our house telling me how filthy ravens were . she eventually in seeing how emotional i got when she told me i would have to release her . she let me keep her in the garage on the condition that once her wing had i would let her free . i assured her that i would her profusely . xb she made steady progress with her gradually gaining back the use of her wing . i her after a while she even to her name . i sat with her and practiced saying to her . a little known fact raven s are capable of speaking much like a parrot . after hearing me say it enough i was with a crackly hi ! one evening . it was one of the of my life . we practiced other eventually getting wow ! and bye ! down . after a month her wing had enough for her to fly short again . by then my mother had grown quite of . she would ride around on my mother s shoulder while she worked in the yard the two of them chattering away . it was the first time either of us had this much since my father had . xb when she was flying freely again i build a nest in the tree across from my bedroom window . she would fly back and forth a snack from my sill then retreating to her nest and singing her . she never stayed away for long always to greet me every time i home from school . xb we each other on behind the house flying above me and on as i through the animal . it was safe to say that she was the best friend i had ever had . we had both experienced crippling loss and had found an unlikely camaraderie in the aftermath . xb now you most likely t expect to be reading so much about my raven friend and as the title there is much more to this story . without further ado here are the that lead me to the killer . xb xb about a year after i met my town was by a high school girl s disappearance . there were no no one could figure out what had to her . after she was gone for a couple people the worst . we were again the following month when yet another girl went missing . xb the town was . a strict curfew was enforced that everyone under eighteen was home before six . there were of the being involved in the investigation though i was never certain on this . xb my mother fretted for my safety but either out of arrogance or delusion i told her the killer t be interested in me . it he was on from the high school after all . what did i have to worry about ? xb i continued my long in the with sometimes out past the curfew knowing that no one would be there to enforce it so far into the . it was on one of these late nights that i got quite a surprise . xb we had returned from our excursion about an hour before . as usual i barely had enough time to cram my homework in feverishly scribbling half geography at my desk when flew over and on my . this was so common that i t even look up as i the pane my frantic work . she usually came in to grab a snack sometimes watching me toil before flying back to her nest but this was the first time she had ever brought something to me . xb the wet thud on my took me aback . it was so shocking that i t realize what it was right away needing a few to take in the sight before me . xb ravens are not picky by any . they will resort to eating trash and sometimes even carrion . she had an eyeball on my homework the optic nerve still attached to it . xb i looking at in shock . she right back . it like she was trying to tell me something . i gingerly picked up the eye trying to ignore the feeling of it in my hand . the iris was bright blue . the white had turned a yellow hue bloodshot and covered in dirt . my stomach the room to spin . i knew that it had to one of the missing . xb there were a number of that i should have done . i can t really explain why i t do any of them . instead i went down to the garage and got a cooler the zip locked eye into the ice . i it on the roof outside my window the chilly air would preserve it well . xb a healthy raven can fly about a hundred per day but t quite up for that challenge with her slightly defective wing . plus the time she spent away from me was so short i that she could have possibly gone very far to retrieve the eye . i that it must have been taken from somewhere near our . xb i know that i should have i know that i was my life in danger . whatever the reason i got the notion that this was something i could solve that this was my responsibility to pursue . xb i until the next day to search for . i a with food and water ropes and my father s flare gun . when i was supposed to be walking to school i down from her nest and went into the forest . my father s machete against my leg me that this was no ordinary hike with every step i took . xb understood what we were doing . if i from the correct path she getting even giving me a sharp peck on the neck a couple of times . we farther than i had ever before . i knew there was a river coming up a natural border between . for some reason this made my spine tingle . xb dug her into my shoulder as the water finally came into view . i understood that i would have to cross it though the task difficult and would also put me out in the open . i searching for the best way across the all of them like they would be hard to traverse . i took tentative slipping and soaking my in the icy water a few times . flew ahead landing on the opposite banking encouraging me to continue . when i finally her on the other side she a wow ! and her head for me to scratch . despite the grim situation this brought a smile to my face . xb she lead me farther east along the stream before i lost sight of her . panic rose in my chest when i her calling to me . it t a sound i had her make before she urgent even . i ran as fast as i could slipping on the as i went . i s frantic finally darting into a patch of cedar and finding her atop a large rock . when she saw me she her rapidly rising in volume as i got closer . i her paranoid someone would hear the commotion . xb it took me a second to realize that the rock she was on was actually the entrance to a cave . it was so easy to miss the opening was by thick and undergrowth . i know that i t have found it if t lead me right to it . the gravity of the situation hit me as i took out my flashlight . i braced myself for what i might find when i the light inside . xb i was not prepared for it . both were badly . in fact all of their had been removed in the farthest corner of the cavern . to add to the horror had off large of flesh some and were right down to the bone . worst of all though were their . their had been plucked out their had been eaten away to expose their skeletal and swollen . xb i dropping the flashlight and turning away . i had felt so certain i was meant to be some kind of hero i was so sure of myself before now . this proved to me how far out of my depth i was i was not cut out for this . i was just a stupid doing something very dangerous . pecked at my back gently as i continued to bury my face in my and cry . i her completely losing my sense of urgency in my grief . xb it took me a long while to pull myself back together . much too long . it may have been the sun s position so . i sat on the ground with my to my chin numb with shock . nothing to matter my world had been broken too many times . all my innocence had been out from under my dropping me into a pit of despair . xb had stopped me long ago retreating to a tree and keeping watch from above . still it took me way too long to register that her sudden were a warning . once it sunk in i approaching . i was emotionally drained unable to rise to my as whoever it was made their way to the patch of cedar . continued screaming eventually coming down from the tree and at my neck trying to get me moving . my body took a long time to respond my rubbery t able to support me once i finally myself up . i back to the ground . xb the boy who t who i had . he about my age husky and tall . his beady took a while to settle on mine . his smooth face with confusion me for a while . continued her racket now as loud as i had ever her . the boy stood about a hundred away his deep voice over . xb are you alright ? his voice . i had no clue what to say my mouth and closed like a fish out of water . concern crossed his face and he stepped forward still incessantly . he got close and crouched down in front of me his staring straight into mine . xb what are you doing on our land ? he any note of sympathy he had before now disappearing . i my mind went blank . he my drifting toward the cave following my gaze . immediately he onto my wrist with an iron grip . xb did you see something ? in that cave there ? something you t have ? ! he me roughly off the ground . xb no nothing i out my throat up . he picked me up effortlessly me close to his face . xb you lie you lie ! xb came at him with her sharp beak digging into his eye viciously . i fell to the dirt as he tried to shield himself from her attack . his beefy hand her away throwing her far into the . as soon as i saw her body falling from the sky i my . by rage i for the machete . xb the boy down at me with blood from his eye out a savage roar before at me . i tried pushing myself away unable to pull the machete from its holster in my panic . he the top of my head sending shooting through my vision of my hair right after . i and at his losing a fingernail in the process . more down on me each one threatening my consciousness . i faded in and out as the beating continued . xb i tried to focus on the darkening sky fighting to stay awake while he dragged me by my . my were ringing out whatever he was screaming down at me . my jaw was broken i could tell by the way my teeth were stuck together crookedly crunching painfully with each bump i was over . xb i was going to die . just like my father . just like . just like her family . i gave up hope finally the darkness take over . xb xb wake up . xb i blinked trying to make sense of what was happening . my body me to surrender back into painless sleep . xb wake up ! xb the boy finally came back into focus standing above me . his narrow were dilated and his were curled into a snarl . he my father s machete the blade to my throat once he could tell i was awake . i i was on the floor of a barn stall . i futilely tried to crawl away as he a large boot on my stomach pinning me down . xb i don t want to kill you you know . but you t have been out there you had no right ! he said almost ruefully . my jaw t open . i had no anyways only fear and regret . xb you can t stay with them pretty you found you ruin everything i done for them no that just won ' t do you be here he said around the barn . i t think of any place i would like to be less . i if i would ever be discovered . i thought of my poor mother never knowing what had to her only son left all alone in the world . my fell onto the filthy floor i resigned myself to a gruesome fate . the boy picked the machete up over this head glaring down at me indifferently . xb hi ! xb the sudden call froze us both . in anticipation of the blade slicing through my body it took me a few to recognize who had spoken . the boy away from me lowering the machete slightly . he . xb hi ! again from somewhere outside . the killer turned vaguely the machete at whoever was speaking . xb who s there ? ! he . i that his voice had gone up in pitch . seizing the opportunity i toward a shovel that was against the back wall . he still had his back to me looking out into the night . xb show yourself ! he swinging the machete through the air . xb hi ! xb i had a grip on the shovel ' s handle now . my whole body was quivering exhausted and terror stricken . i knew i would never get another chance . with the last of my strength i rose from the floor my momentum to myself at the boy . xb he turned just as i closed the distance between us swinging the blade down as i jabbed the pointed shovel into his throat . we fell to the floor his head off the concrete with a sickening crack . i rolled off of him reaching for the machete that he still . his limp hand t resist as i pried it loose . i down at him watching as a pool of blood formed under him his staring up blankly . xb only then did i feel the searing pain in my . my entire arm was dripping with blood . i knew the cut was deep i t dare look at it as i hurriedly removed my belt and tied a tourniquet . was there now chattering frantically at my . my were too severe i was losing too much blood . there was no way i could make it to safety . xb i found myself walking in the dark . was on my shoulder her beak digging into my skin me and trying to keep me awake . i t recognize any of my surroundings i ' t see anything in front of me . somehow i kept moving my body on autopilot as me through the . xb eventually i felt the ground change under my the forest floor was by smooth pavement . flooded my vision only they were moving at me much to quickly . i people shouting confusion and worry in the vague around me . then somebody was me holding my arms and off the ground . i was flying . i knew i had knew i was a spirit now floating through time and space . xb xb i awoke two days later with my jaw wired shut and over two hundred holding my arm together . i had a severe concussion broken broken and a cracked collar bone . i had nearly of blood loss and dehydration . the couple who s car i in front of had saved me . it was by luck that the woman was an and we ' t been very far from the emergency hospital . xb once i had a while i was given more information about the killer . the boy i won t reveal his name here had his entire family before . their were found inside the barn i was taken to . his eight his never fully understood . police found detailed for the rest of his intended inside the house . all in all i may have saved up to twelve from a similar fate . xb his death weighed heavily on my mind for a long time . if i t decided to be a vigilante he might still be alive . to this day i am ashamed that i t bring the girl s eye to the police . i can only wonder if they would have found the without ' s help . xb flew straight home after i was found in the road at the living room window a minute before the phone rang and the police informed my mother that i was in the hospital . when i t come home that night she had me missing . i may never live down the guilt i feel for the terror i put her through . xb the three of us have mostly from these . we support each other through the difficult days we enjoy the beauty of nature and live our blissful to the . we all persevere for we are . is a great physician if you don t mind the fact that he is a . i think some people get a little out when a headless man is the one treating them but his are as nimble and as any medical care professional beyond my wall . the only real problem is sometimes he a tendency to require payment in advance and right now i t have any shrunken lying around . i promise you the next time we hold a voodoo convention i will pay you back i just need you to treat her i told the brute as he . his gruff voice rattled in my head . this is the third time you to pay me . next time you do so i will ignore your call . i rolled my and checked her worried that whatever had her might have clipped her . who is the doctor here ? brushing me away . i and checked my . i had already told and to be on the lookout for the girl . there was no telling what sort of trouble she might be in . but was busy cleaning up a sized problem in the lobby and it was his time to rest since it was sunrise . t even respond so that just told me she was likely salty that it was payday and i t distributed yet . not like i t a little busy . slowly to come to her as a transfusion . as a fae i knew that would require a certain type of copper reduced serum that would help her heal faster so i had run to my office to get that while two watched the room . it was nearly breakfast when she told me she was ready to talk about what . made me sign some stupid about the need for advanced payment next time and we were at last alone . . . are you all right . are you hurt ? she whispered . i m more concerned about you . tell me who did this . is in danger ? i . her more crazed than before as if she thought i was . and then she told me something i found almost unbelievable . the girl was the one who did this to me ! she out . i felt my whole body grow cold as i her down . you re sure ? i whispered . sat up and gave me a nasty look . i know what an attack is . she until the blackout and struck me and stole my book . i thought about s warning and then my assumption about the contents of the tome . who among the gave you that book ? i her . now that she was it was pointless to beat around the bush . especially if there were danger . they worked alongside before you cast that spell on him i m not entirely sure she admitted . i bit my tongue that his house was especially against the and a few final puzzle fell into place . i think the spell was . the sent you here as a trap for that book to be taken . they you to feel safe before they did so i told her . but i had it the whole time until the black out she pointed out . i knew it was a bad idea to let those come here . i said sourly to myself realizing that they had likely been so angry not just because of the but because of the forbidden magic that the book . it was a threat to them . which it s a threat to all of us i thought as i and told to not go anywhere . we need to have a full perimeter sweep for a year old girl ? when i met him in my office . i had taken to make sure that t astral project and listen in but even so i was feeling extraordinarily paranoid because of being by a child . this is not a mere she s a threat . she stolen a power spell book . i m not sure what she it for but we can t let her leave with it i told my old friend . we had seen many together . he was the one i implicitly . and i saw that he was afraid . we t dealt with a threat like this in a while . maybe we had become rusty ? interrupted us a moment later with a report . the are becoming restless . they sense that magic is being used on the grounds and they are turning on each other he said frantically . i could even see that the strange were hurting him as his were forming into and his appearance was disheveled . he was doing his best to keep running despite the setback . but it was clear we were all on edge . all because i had been . let s put the together to solve this puzzle it might make easier told the both of us . i was thankful he was trying to be the voice of reason . one the attack fae and in different sovereign in order to send them here knowing that you will offer them solace correct ? i never turned down a guest in over a hundred that i know of i said with a nod . two they seem to have their heart set on an ancient tome filled with black magic . the kind of which is considered to be extremely dangerous for . and they enlisted the aid of an undetectable to acquire the book added . to me like whoever is behind this some knowledge of the future . an advanced warlock or something . this the must be the target . they are the because they know that she will have a natural hatred against them due to their belief that she is a curse . so then their aim must be to leave undetected the same way they got in reasoned . the logic like it was fool proof so i told to focus on the outer grounds and and i kept the as as possible as the search continued . by midday we still t found the girl and i was becoming increasingly worried . what if she had already made it out with no one ? but then i how the were acting . they could hardly control their feral . the magic that the was trying to revive were increasing in strength . let me help when i went to check on her . i feel awful that i t recognize that was i led this whole mess straight to your front door she added . i checked her again and said how much dust do you have available ? by my suggestion and spread her fae to full length . they in the afternoon glow of the mountain sun . i had forgotten how beautiful they were . gentle of fairy dust to spread as she and said i can probably make a few . the dust should be able to detect some kind of trail for the magic . i her to do so and watched as she used her window to fly out speeding around the massive haven as she let her dust scatter . she returned fifteen later looking exhausted and drained . did you do too much ? i anxiously . she shook her head and closed her on what the of her body were whispering to her . i dead silent so not to interrupt . then she my arm and the basement ! my blood ran cold . i immediately what this young was up to . thank you i said kissing her cheek and running to the elevator . there t a moment to lose . or even to call for help . i used my manager s key and turned the lock on the transport to get me to the bottom of my secure room . where i kept my . as soon as i the elevator shook and lost power . a clear sign that someone nearby was it . i stepped out and instantly felt a migraine hit me . the room was shrouded in dark and miasma . and in the middle was sitting cross legged and chanting . i did my best to not stumble as i she was so engrossed in the text she t see me . i only had one chance and i took it . i up the tome and closed it tight the room immediately clearing . s dark as night . she . undoubtedly she was . mister . you re a shrewd one she said standing up and her at me . but i don t think you have it in you to kill a child . you re no more a child than i am a mere man . give me one good reason to not use this stake and bore it into your cold dead heart i spat back evenly as i for the weapon on my belt loop . she blinked considering my offer and then what if i told you that i work for a more dangerous enemy than you think ? true the hired me to stir war between the and to take down your haven . but those two so perfectly with my own i t see a reason to not take the job . you think if you give me this information i will let you live ? i . i think that you don t have a choice . look around mister . haven t you that something is missing ? she said evenly . for the first time since the magical fog had i did look . and then it hit me like a ton of . the . the were all gone . now you t worry . i simply them for a temporary time . but it would be most unfortunate for you if anything between now and then t it ? she said wickedly . her card had been and i t have a leg to stand on . if you t come to kill me then why are you here ? i in confusion . i had been so sure i understood the intricate of this plot against my haven . but each step forward felt like i was going in reverse . so simple minded she said with a cackle . there is no need to destroy you or your precious haven . now let me go and i will reveal my true purpose for stirring up so much trouble . i over the and i t have a choice . she had already proven how dangerous she was . fine . but that s only going to work one way i said as i up the spell book and found a enchantment . her in alarm as i the . then the room filled with smoke and light as she . and the was gone . an hour later i informed of the situation downstairs and instructed to destroy the spell book . i will have to travel far to do that . we might not see each other for a while she said as she prepared to leave . given that you always seem to cause trouble when you come maybe that s for the best ? i said with a half grin . she and we before she flew off . the spell that had used to enrage the wore off a few later and i kept myself locked in my quarters until then . i felt so fragile and vulnerable without my . but it still puzzled me to no end the purpose of this entire game . if she had not been trying to kill me what purpose did all of this serve ? i . it all felt like a game and i was two behind . came to give a report around midnight . which do you want first sir ? good news or bad ? he . it was rhetorical but i went ahead and told him good . the are calm and the have returned . i the bad . but he told me anyway . it would seem one of the is missing he said as he a gulp of air . when i leave you see what my goal was had said . now it all made sense . someone was after the immortality factor of my . and they had me like a fiddle . sir what should be our next move ? . i bit my lip and out the window still uncertain who to trust . we prepare for everything . other yet to be told will be found here last time i told you a little about my hidden i go to every year and how something evil in how i ' d decided to hunt it down for the other that lived there well here ' s an update to that . spoiler alert i ' t die shocking i know . so after some research i had determined that whatever that thing was it the most with the average story of the i don ' t know if that ' s what it was but i decided it was better to go in with a vague idea of what it might be the worst case scenario i ' m wrong and back to square one . so i loaded up my car full of the long short of it being . a shotgun my dad bought me for my th birthday and some buckshot . of gas i ' t its corpse just sit there if i to kill it . some of various said to ward off or weaken evil these were stuffed a silver knife i found that i the actual effectivity of but better safe than sorry of bear spray i don ' t know if you know how much bear spray but i think this was the biggest investment but considering it ' s the only thing i know at least the i figured better safe than sorry . and a big iron pipe because worst comes to worst i can try beating its skull in . these supposedly don ' t like iron . in hindsight i should ' brought more traps i could ' the bastard into but i ' never been in a situation like this before so i don ' t think i was exactly thinking straight i was just thinking of ways i could kill it quick instead of smart might ' saved me some as well but i ' get to that . i left late night after i the post around midnight the plan was simple i ' d arrive at the turn off for my at around in the morning get some sleep and wake up at the crack of dawn to prepare the site for the hell that would be staring this thing down to say my were high would be an understatement i kept running the through my head and very few ended with me standing in front of a burning monster corpse like an action hero shooting one . after making it to the i decided i ' d just pass out on the highway i don ' t know how far that thing can go but i figured i ' d be safe as long as i ' t get too close to it with all the space looping he can pull i don ' t think he ' d stray too far from his territory i say i got a good rest before going to fight for my life against a giant monster but i ' d be lying i ' t sleep a wink i just ' t get the of what was going to go down the next night eventually the sun rose and i my and headed up to my camp . while on my way there i down that little hole i in i don ' t know if the were still there or if they ' d be elsewhere but i figured this was my best shot of finding them and i off a container full of food for them i figured they probably ' t get to chow down on the food i left out for them the last time i was here and they ' d deserved a decent meal my way of saying thanks for saving my life . eventually i made it to the it was were and everywhere i don ' t think it was very happy over the fact that i got away . i ' t waste any time i to set up the i wrapped and i found into the around the i don ' t know if these at all but i figured it was better safe than sorry i also to set up a bonfire i ' t want to the fighting this thing by moonlight i had a hard enough time running away with a flashlight i ' t want to be fighting this thing with next to no vision . the sun was beginning to set at this point and i figured i ' d had another hour or two before night broke but i to do one last thing . i a second container of food i had and went to the pool i ' d never really food to the thing at the water but i figured given the circumstance everyone a good bite to eat tonight i sat at the edge of the pool near the small waterfall that fed into the pool from up the mountain i sat there staring into the beautiful clear blue water as it the pool then down a small stream going further down the mountain and i just talking . maybe it was my i had never really much at camp sure i ' d comment on going on and acknowledge the but i never tried to converse with anything but now ? i was just talking to the pool in its flow i about my life work family and the night i was about to commit to at some point i thought i almost the singing a soft choir like voice that always my then my watch yelling at me . i had set a timer for before sunset it was time . i my shotgun lit the bonfire put my pipe nearby and i sat in a chair and counting every second that until eventually i it a bestial roar coming from the it knew i was here it knew i ' d returned and it was not happy not in the i could hear crack and the come alive as it i stood up and myself the laughter and soon after i saw it the large overwhelming shadow in the that it was getting close the than normal but i could still see the shape of that thing as it got closer the light of my bonfire the only thing illuminating the area casting long as my body and jaw locked i was but i would not let this fear control me i had a job to do a to repay and i ' be if i ' t pay it . that ' s when the laughter the same monstrous laughter that my every night since my last expedition to this campground an inhuman amalgamation of animal and human laughter that throughout the entirety of the my chest as i raised my gun towards the looming shadow as its head revealed itself through the the moose skull with sunken staring at me bloodshot expressionless yet i could tell it ' t happy to see me i the trigger to a loud bang only to see the bounce off its skull as its laughter picked up and drool to drip from its human mouth it me and quickly i cocked another shell firing it off only to the same effect it was too close too quick for me to do it again so i the pipe at my side before it into my sending me flying towards the . i could feel a few crack as i hit the tree sadly both my gun and the pipe had flown out of my with the force of the hit i back to my the tree to brace myself as i caught my breath the beast walking towards me if i was going to kill this thing i would have to do this a shotgun to the skull ' t work that easily i had a new plan it was risky and stupid but it was the only one i could think of if i could just distract it for a few i ' d be able to hit it with something i watched as it slowly towards me i still ' t believe the size of this thing it over but it was still a good foot taller than me i took a deep pained breath and the pocket where i kept one of the bear thank you cargo pants and watched as it got closer . just a little closer you bitch i thought to myself i was going to give him a nice little taste of his meal . it got close and out to me raising its head as its long slimy tongue came out of its mouth and i blasted it again i had a fun to running through the a month ago as it and backed off and its tongue out i guess it ' d rather deal with not a tongue than the feeling of bear spray on it can ' t be tasty i ' d imagine . i ' t waste a second i booked it towards the pipe and it tight only to turn around and be meat with a hand around my waist it was fast i was in way over my head and i knew it it stuck its tongue out at me of course it could regenerate i let it bring me closer and as soon as i was near its head i the pipe into one of its as hard as i could steam shot out from the wound as i felt the air fly past me again being like a . i hit a tree this time it ' t just a few that cracked i into it with my shoulder and i could feel it dislocate and at least something in my arm break as i hit the ground to say i ' t in the best shape after just two from this thing would be a vast understatement i was ragged breathing was hard and i could feel myself getting wet in a few and i ' t think it was from water the light of the bonfire illuminated the bastard as its writhed in pain it was trying to pull the pipe out of its eye and steam was out of everywhere it touched the pipe from thank god that the about fae and iron ring true now time to see if a shotgun worked . i myself to my through ragged and of pain and towards where my shotgun lay as i turned around i saw the pipe fly past me it was staring at me one of its weird furry over the socket that i the pipe into blood pouring out . " don ' t like that very much " i said through ragged trying to act brave yet i could barely stand and every thought was about how i was so very dead . it me i had one chance one final play to get a decent shot off on this thing and if this ' t work i was i for it to get close and then i as fast as i could to the ground it ran right over me and at that moment i the ground to brace myself right at its stupid fleshy human mouth from underneath it and the trigger there was no cry simply a beast stumbling and into the and ground firelight illuminating what i thought was a corpse . then i saw it it was where i shot it ' t dead of course it ' t dead i ' t iron i quickly over to the gas i ' t going to let this thing get back up i as much gas on it as i could before lighting a stick with the bonfire and tossing it on the bastard it got back up screaming in agony i guess i had finished it just in time . then it me again at this point i had just accepted i was dead and hoped that this thing burning would kill it as well it hit me one last time and i could feel the skin on my chest burn but the hit ' t nearly as hard this time i flew back a few and into the ground don ' t get me wrong it still hurt like a bitch but as i up i saw it struggling to move around till eventually it stopped . fire worked on this bastard next time i ' m some dragon ' s breath . as laid down to rest i saw some dance across the sky as i fell asleep . after that i don ' t remember much the adrenaline wore off and i in and out of consciousness for a few i had accepted that this is where i was going to die i was bleeding struggling to breathe with at least a few broken and no contact with anyone outside the campground i was finished but y ' know what i was with that . eventually i woke up to someone dragging me along the path i was still drifting in and out of consciousness so i ' t able to get a good look at them no one knew i was out here there was no way it was one of my or family i remember sitting against my car and them where my phone was then my friend showing up out of her mind i ' t imagine the state she found me in . i had broken dislocated my arm cracked my shoulder blade had first degree on my chest a couple minor hairline on some and a concussion with some and to mix up me up say its a miracle i and i was just the other day been keeping an eye on me she me about what in those and i haven ' t told her yet the topic each time it brought up . i ' probably tell her eventually . although one thing she me about that i can ' t answer is who her she said some woman her from my phone but no one was around when she picked me up i have a few on who that woman might be who saved my life that night and me to my car but i can ' t confirm anything yet not until i go back . but that won ' t be for a bit still won ' t even let me make myself food right now . thinking back to the advice you gave me last time i think i ' bring to experience the camp with me next time . after all it ' s my secret campground invite show whoever i want to it and that thing ? that thing ' t . i ' m going to sleep now i ' been sleeping a lot took me the better half of this week to write this with how much i ' been out . the year i got my pregnant many ago and it was accidental but a pleasant surprise . as went by we both prepared ourselves to being full time . i was going to work and my was going to stay at home marriage was also in the . now i know nothing about or what do to prepare for but i did my best to be by her side . then a couple of days ago my pregnant told me that i had to come with her to some place her belly grown and she is really well . i know most would ' out about the situation of becoming a father but i always fancied myself as a father . i know the economy is a little dodgy but that ' t really matter to me at all . i mean happen right and you go through with it . the place she to go it definitely ' t look like a hospital but had that you know . my laid herself down on a bed and a woman came out after an hour . my had made all on her own . the woman to talk to my ' s pregnant belly . my was highly anxious and i had never seen her like this before . " do you want to be born ! your father been made unemployed at the moment which is also recent and your mother is also unemployed . both come from the working class . do you want to be born into this ? " i found all of this all highly strange but then again what do i know about . then i saw my unborn baby boy inside my womb her skin like he was going to burst out he at me and then at my wife . my unborn baby boy nodding his head left and right . he ' t want to be born into a working class life and my to cry . my wife ' s belly and she un pregnant now in actual fact she ' t pregnant . my told me that she to give our child the choice whether he to be born or not . she blamed me for our unborn baby choosing not to be born due to my job and not enough money to get us both out of working class . i feel really bad and i don ' t know what to do ? we have lost baby via his own choice and she will not think about another child with me unless change . well i then came up with the idea of simply lying to the unborn baby . my then at me with a hint of guilt inside of her she knew that lying was a possibility . the year my got pregnant again and i tried to tell her that giving the unborn baby a choice whether it to be born or not is not a good idea . i mean if this act was then it would effect the whole world on a population scale . my still to give the baby a choice . it ' s just her nice nature . when we got to the place i told the woman whose job it was to ask the unborn whether it to be born or not about my financial status and job . when she the baby whether it to be born " do you want to be born to who are and live in a mansion ? " my unborn baby his head forward and backwards . it was a yes . my wife and i were over but when we got to our apartment and my and i got back to about trivial like and such she felt something in her belly . something was wrong with the baby really wrong . we up the clinic and told them of the lie i had made up to make our unborn baby say yes to being born . the woman on the other end to shriek and told us to get to the hospital because our unborn baby had of the lie i had told it . my wife collapse and blood was coming out of her everywhere . the ambulance came and she along with the unborn baby had on . to this day i feel so guilty . i just to make my who i was to become my future wife very happy . i could ' given my boy a good life and i did finally get a job yes i ' t enjoy it but i would ' after him . did i do any wrong ? is any of this part of the pregnancy process ? i am at a complete loss ? i am a manly type of guy and i know nothing about . death is a taboo topic for so many of us . something we shy away from beat it over the head with a stick and scream at it to go sit in the corner until we re ready to deal with it . it every aspect of our daily without us often even it yet we still run from it . because despite our various and we don t truly know what is beyond this existence . and that s terrifying for so many . not for me though . for me it s just work . over here at death may die we have a system that unchanged for all the i worked here . it s one i will apply to every entry in my strange life that i share with you . every days a new body up at my morgue with its own story about how it got there . every days i ' report back to you all with what i find . some are contorted misshapen from the decomposition or burning . yes still burning when i finally dump them on the cold table . ritual are tricky and require big rubbery . mine have a few fun stickers from the local music scene represent . but they all have one thing in common every single one of them is a product of . literally and figuratively . now i say here for those of you already rolling your so hard they re already to become billiard i m not you to start up for nightmare integration or to start on your creature feature dating . it is not my job to convince you . sturgeon is a weird place . i lay it all out now sturgeon a serious nightmare problem on its . we all know they walk where we dare not tread and the like it that way . unless you been for that shall go unmentioned or it s near the end of their life you are never likely to meet any of their various ilk . a barrier separates sturgeon s or from those who inhabit the of our and those who came long before we stepped out of our . and so forth . they have their own and . most importantly they all die . that someone must tend to them set their right and perform whatever practice they dear to them . being the only mortician that is willing to cater to their final it to yours truly to do what needs to be done and provide them with their last maybe learning something about them along the way . with the latest iteration in the tournament of now over my business been busy to say the least . coming in covered in totally and simply gone . they love to keep a girl busy that s for sure . but that s not why we re here today . we re here today because of the nightmare of the that was in last week . and what was inside of him . i always early morning . let it be known that . is not a morning person . not in a cute don t talk to me until i had my coffee ! type of way either . miss me with that i enjoy the quietness of night where the sun cannot expose my exhausted face and frame like the bitch he is . me love the winter all the more . as my rattled in the early morning chill my mind to a familiar question was school really worth it ? to become sturgeon s sole nightmare pathologist and mortician ? borderline comical on a resume . well not like i could quit now hobbling downstairs from my apartment me a glass of something with a cheery grin and nervous . chief ! sorry to get you up so early our next client t until after dinner but you know how it is i hope you re not mad ? they with their and as i took a sip before nodding at nothing and rushing to clean the reception counter . was sweet more nervous than a shelter animal meeting a foster owner and easily the most alive thing in this entire building . they were good at their job though and always thinking of new ways to bring efficiency to the business so i would always tread lightly when they had a nervous spell . you know you don t need to call me chief . just have . don t worry about the early start i nap after . the hell did you give me though ? i feel the kick in the back of my throat and my widen my feel lighter . back as they go to answer the door . man ! vendor told me it wake anyone up pretty damn quick enjoy it chief ! i was halfway through a mixture of confusion and anger when the door and a burly man towering over us both in a friendly smile over his face as a cold snap hit me and i rushed for the nearest coat or blanket . hey hey ! you little scoundrel thanks so much for opening up . t have if we could but he turned his head back outside and waved for his to wheel in the body . this one was special . figured you d appreciate it when you saw . the man standing in my funeral home was detective chino de la sturgeon head of the l m nightmare detective s establishment that handled and between the two . cavalier fiercely loyal and at times tactless . he was a reliable colleague and the sort of guy you could rely on in a pinch even if oh god chino what is that under your ? ! as he went in for a hug before looking down at his bemusement written across his face . this ? ah it s just corpse stiff got a little . . when moving him but you re not let that stop a refreshing morning hug are ya ? he and let out a bellow as over the counter to spray themselves down repeatedly muttering nope under their breath . if you re done terrifying my staff shall we get down to business ? i suddenly found my morning zest and i get this before i find myself passing out with a hacksaw in my . i don t need another party incident . i down with my arms still a nearby blanket around me like a makeshift cape hardly professional but chino was a friend . he and shook my hand as we the body to the main room . the building was built in such a way that both the funeral and more grisly research the greeting room handled was small and dignified on the street level of in admiralty and nightmare or looking peaceful in their or atop funeral were also commonplace and brought a sense of peace to those with that sought us out . i m not going to go cliche and postulate the notion that what if are the ? because that would imply absolutism and to be frank it s stupid . but if it it kin and those kin need closure . i provide that first in the reception area and the bulk of my preparation in the chamber that is situated behind and below . it is an area the size of a small warehouse fitted with of all and sizes for all manner of a with a speaker attached for both music and from the front desk a slew of my own personal in antique for both enjoyment and ritualistic . a small alcove in the corner was specifically to what i the meeting room . it my taxidermy from my medical days and my council of a dear friend had gifted to me some time ago . the council were superb for particular or general advice i . two dozen ranging from the madame rumble to the always comical duke and last but not least my near constant companion spider with her blue striped and iridescent abdomen piercing and constant desire to nest in my hair . they all provide excellent advice in exchange for good and decent space . it was my own personal safe haven from the world above . where the main i kept were either solitary like me or unable to respond at all . immediately i felt the safety blanket envelop me and i got to work observing the of our new resident the body was seven foot nine and weighed . an tray him decently and the smell of burnt wood and moss filled my . as soon as chino the bag and the deer skull out mid shed and the right stalk snapped in half i knew what i was looking at . them many of the forest devil the woodsman and even master protector . but whether he was revered or he was under one name across the western world . i the and studied my for the area forest their and their burial . mister s guide to the mythically dead and magically a one stop guide for every ritual and anatomical blunder i found the damn thing in a yard sale when i was six it d never me wrong before even if the name was a eyesore . through the thick and yellowing i found the section on woodland and how to both conjure them and bury them . this was going to be rough . since he was found with no next of kin available it d fall to me to send the body off after i was finished finding out what to him . of being both coroner and mortician nobody came to claim him in case we it up . while i for the right chino told me what it was nine past six in the morning when we found him . his body was hanging by the from opposite sides of a tall gate bordering on the estate was nasty i think some by spotted him but they damn sure t say anything . he shook his head and running his hand across his five o clock shadow and an incessant scratching noise around my sanctum that set my own on end . chino we about the remember ? we had a whole discussion about how they make me feel . i felt my teeth grinding as he put his up and back . i don t recall a talk just you screaming to get out with a scalpel to hand . he wryly . you something about castration and i promptly left . then you know not to make the mistake again don t you ? was there anything else ? or can i unwrap my present before this man turns me inside out ? i wheeled myself over to the table and unwrapping the from his plastic bag laying out the i d need for the procedure . nothing else . i go grab a coffee with but ? do you ever think about your future ? i up and he was leaning against the door arms folded and concern on his face like a big brother or a father figure ready to give the lecture of a lifetime . i mean y know beyond this place ? get hotter . get older . learn more . die . feed the ground . become and travel unconsciously . all pretty standard to me . why ? i thumbed the of my book and at where i d need to start most likely the chest cavity . but should i crack the first or cut it open and see what ? don t you want a family ? maybe someone to do this with you ? someone to come home to ? his voice an octave . i worry about you here . five i worked with you and never seen you with anyone . well not since he let the moment in the air like some mistletoe i was to saunter under but i around me without looking up . there s over in here each of them with their own and unfulfilled . i m with them every day they re just as much my as you are . i shook my head and gave him a blank expression the message would sink in . everything else is just white noise . i like it that way . from the council in the corner i could hear of agreement and such as solitary are kin too . and you truly will be on your own if my is late child . i and when chino met my gaze he . alright alright . when you start talking to the council i get unsettled so that s my cue to bounce . i be upstairs so just call me when you have anything i believe in you chief ! i t even retort before he and headed back up to the reception the thick steel door slow to close and chino s voice booming out with a triumphant hey ! see what partial spontaneous combustion like ? little really have no control so the first thing to sizzle is their while their out in protest . it was like two grown up hairy . are removed . time for work . i put my on play and left it on the side table as i slipped on my apron and walking around the body . patient b a . male . middle late aged most likely in their late s . the thick black at the were seared his green moss covered flesh . the and foliage that his body had been out or . not a single leaf was every edge was in plastic . over his head was a thick bag with a hose attached to a car exhaust still running when discovered by by . a black substance from the sides of his mouth and . cause of death look . i don t think i need to tell you that you can t suffocate a plant but you can certainly put it to sleep with enough deprivation . some sick bastard decided to let the poison do its work while our was in a barely conscious state and unable to fight back . come in all and sizes some are able to adopt the visage of tall when they re still powerful but many lose their as they get older instead looking similar to towering with oak a broad face with thick forming a small crown . regardless they are revered all around the world as of the sometimes even violently if they feel they or their kin are . i once dealt with a scorched female who had tried one too many times to reason with deforestation in a small town . they thought her a demonic entity and her with fire . her son upon me with bright amber and told me every tree would know of what she had done . this particular one was still in his when he the deer skull still over his head defensive across his and . clearly trying to defend himself against something but ill to do so . nothing more for it i suppose . i picked up the scalpel to make the y incision . for those of you morbidly it on the shoulder running to the lower end of the sternum and then in a straight line over the abdomen to the pubis . cutting through with some degree of effort noxious rising up out of the cavity i set the scalpel down and both sides of the incision on the and . when i let go and down i had to stifle a scream as i backed away to the safety of my meeting corner the council of all crawling out of their to either console me or get a better look . is it food ? we would appreciate food very much so yes . is the chairwoman well ? we do not wish to lose our primary feeder . my chest and my shook i was used to all manner of when dealing with these of . but to imply i was to the unusual would betray the human i still harbour within me . taking small tentative back to the operating table i the movable desk around and the light down over the section where his should be . strange green and filled of they would be yes but the was never wrong . instead i was staring down at a sprawling densely city running from pubis to clavicle the on top of and municipal jutting up to just beneath the last layer of skin the had their black brick design reminiscent of era housing but with an immediately far more uncomfortable atmosphere surrounding them . i down and saw small in long flowing their hidden and only small spindly coming out where should be . some spoke openly on the streets were large of of the s from one place to another . i saw small picnic tables where these gleefully tore off of the s flesh spewing a viscous black liquid around their dwelling and pasting it to the . wherever the black liquid touched the internal would start to grow a vile mould that as it spread . in the of this strange macabre town lay a pedestal atop a series of brilliant marble . a pair of two in black and painted for a pair of obsidian with pride standing on either side of a pyre that connected to a thick black pipe . a cloaked individual stood in front of a crowd speaking impassionately in a language i t understand but his hand and imagery certainly his agenda . sacrifice . i could do nothing but watch as a small screeching individual was brought forcibly by of the crowd now chanting eagerly as the poor soul was thrown at the preacher s struggling to get up and staring around for help from someone anyone . but nobody came to their aid . they simply pointed to the pyre . the dark flame was lit and i swear my own operating light i was in the worst of ways as they this person onto the fire and sang a chorus . the hood fell down and i felt my widen in an even greater fear . that of inaction . it was a little girl by all human and with only small that were her into the same spindly her had . she for clemency for help . in any language that s universal . eventually her and the body fell limp over the pyre before being into the black pipe . a guttural sound filled the body as it travelled up through the city and past the throat of the . i was at a loss for . no amount of medical training or living in this town prepared me for this . i furtively down at the and hoped for some information . unfortunately little sentient living inside woodland were not among their vast of knowledge . . in a flash the bulb on my light fixture burst and of glass down on my head plunging me into an imposing darkness . i cursed but thankful i had a surgical cap covering my black hair . a light from the body a horrific forbidden colour that i was never meant to see that no person should ever gaze upon . my spider out of my chest pocket to perch herself on the top intently at the sickening hue her little shaking . casting my up away from the glow i saw something that days on is still me . the was awake . his a strong amber and the jaw inside his deer skull grew slack as if accommodating a great weight trying to pry itself free from his gullet . then he spoke . a booming voice that around the of my building growing in ferocity and power as the observation above to shatter my rang my skull splitting . i see a place housing the dead . a realm where the barrier is broken down and all that remains is flesh unresolved business . his head and snapped the deer skull following me as i desperately trying to get out of his purview . i see shadowy taking this vessel and it to work for their greater purpose . i see i see the voice grew discordant manic even as the body life and it too to jerk and thrash . i see sturgeon in twilight the unliving standing tall on the of the greeter and the keeper . the dead will come to greet the living and all will go to the grave . i see all unravel an endless spiral of decay and death . upon . something to manifest in the back of the room arms gripping either side of the near ft wide span and itself up as it took shape . a featureless representation of the corpse laying in front of me still bleating out unhallowed prophetic drivel as my nose to bleed . the will clash and will spill their blood in the place with no name . the devourer of will be brought to her and there will be no more in between all will converge under the light of the dusk before falling silent . my vision was and this shape crawling towards me featureless save for a hungry gaping maw of a mouth locked in a static expression of apathy that set me more on edge than any wide smile or angry grimace ever could . i backed up into my corner with the council but there was no room left to maneuver . i t even notice chino down an axe on the throat of the corpse the head from the body in one swift motion . the splitting of wood and the screeching of so many living at once put me in the fetal position as it through the room . after a few i up and saw chino covered in sweat and staring at the spot where he d made the strike . up what little courage i had i got to shaky and over in my pocket . the from the back was gone a thick cloud of ash hung in the air where it had out some away from me . the s still and the deer skull cracking the less pronounced . from chino to me before on a spot above us and one final proclamation in time all the will go out . one by one . and we will remember . with that the light faded and a thick pungent smoke left the mouth making me gag at the first whiff . my mask and a look with chino i back down at the city of in the chest cavity . every single one of them was staring at us . red like behind dark . smaller behind their and frail shook with fear but the rest simply at us as a threat . a single voice rang out from the town hall a small shovel in his hand that he with authority and they turned their to us some shutting themselves in their while together . the two bright as black smoke running through the town and the entire town until nothing but the were visible . when the smoke only the . every single one of them had and now only the empty city remains . i m guessing this is not what you usually find in a forest lord huh ? chino breathing heavily and the axe drop with a thud his brow . any ? i t immediately reply the fear of my own mortality still sending shock through me . though i am for the most part at peace with my calling and the idea of death there s something to be said for not going out on your own and the terrifying idea of being here one moment and gone the next . i just about making a fool of myself and passing out by the of the steel table and my breathing slow . no . no that s not normal for a forest lord chino . moss even small pure water where the bladder should be . those are normal . an entire city of little people complete with still alive corpse ? yeah that . that right in the ear . i pinched my nose and took a breath thankful the man in front of me understood my hot blooded nature and lack of social decorum . i need to finish the job hand me the circular saw would you ? he blinked in surprise before obliging and taking a step back . you re not even going to take a break ? seriously ? nobody would blame you y know . he as i it with shaking gripping the handle tightly to steel my taking my mind back to the i d learned over the and finding my footing once again . i would not let this beat me . i m here . i m alive . i m well enough to continue . plus for his burial ritual we need to be done by first light in some so less chattering and more skull scattering . the deer mask now crumpled away and the frightened but definitively dead face of the staring blankly up at us his hazel humanoid mouth and thick in the black substance that had from the town in his chest . some kind of poison . i scooped a portion up from the saliva ocular nasal and what of the bladder to put it into a vial for toxicology testing . whoever did this had him unconscious with the plastic wrapping and maximum suffering upon waking up . poor bastard first making a triangular incision on the top of the scalp from one ear to the other and ending at the crown i used the saw to cut through the bone and protect the soft tissue not wanting to cause any more of a mess than what already . when the circular saw down however i a brand on the back of the s neck just above the vertebrae and still clearly visible in spite of the clean cut chino had made . i my fervently in the following this and came to find a match for what i saw it was a circular sigil with three distinct . in the lay the earth running out and each circle something new . the central circle death next life outermost birth . the skin peeled off the middle circle making it abundantly clear that this was no ordinary murder it was a message . instead of finding a brain however i found something far more disturbing . something that would ultimately set me on the path i find myself on now . in the place of any kind of brain was a mass grave of the in the s chest cavity . so many of them were malformed frozen in agony and . of them out onto the table and the moment they came into contact with the steel . i marked the cause of death as poisoning and a homicide . unable to remove any of the now ruined city from his body we instead sewed him up and prepared for the ritual . a is tied to the they inhabited and while they have physical with they are more spiritual than we could ever imagine . their and are indicative of that . a new is born every five on the th of march the dawn of the spring solstice and a must be buried before the winter solstice on the st of lest they spend wandering and causing decay in their own . with only an hour to spare we his body to the edge of the sturgeon old forest and a hole in the ground hastily dug by chino s . no no headstone no just the soil . as we him in the sunlight crept over the horizon and the last were given . when the sun touched his body a soft flame at his and worked its way over his body . as we piled the soil over him out of the ground and within had covered the spot in its entirety with and a single lily . your son been returned to you a new guardian to watch over your . let him bask in your light and grow anew . from the soil we return . chino and i hung our as the light finished covering the gravestone and made sure not to look upon the source of the rustling in the the crunching of leaves or the scuttling in the . our respect was necessary not our . after a couple of and a soft breeze through the air we knew we were done . as we left i could sworn i saw a pair of thick spiked jutting out from behind a some distance away . perhaps a family member watching from afar . perhaps this found his way home . during our walk back it clear there was going to be a lot of red tape and work to be done . i resolved to write up my report and work with chino on anything he . whatever this was no matter how i would send myself to an early grave with stress if i t see this through . he told me would be fine . i could tell he was lying . as we got to the front desk and our burst out in a fluster covered in the of our from downstairs . i always felt guilty for making them do cleanup but it was this or feeding the council and i don t think is prepared for what they d say to them just yet . chief you got a letter i think i think you may open it . they it in filthy shaking . i raised an eyebrow . you shaking because of the gunk ? i know you re particular about the but i off when i into their darting for a safe place to decompress . i shook my head . go clean up and get a coffee . we got this . bowed and ran for the bathroom with such speed i t think was possible . running my over the envelope i felt the fine paper and my name in perfect white cursive against the charcoal backdrop . as if it were calling to me . inside the note was simple and to the point written in a thick green liquid . the blood of the . making my own run cold as my the warning more will come . memento . a sigil beneath it the exact same brand i d seen on the s body but with the flesh covering the patch that was missing from his corpse . two in front of a painted skull . a name around the sigil in golden writing . the order of the . my university s building is pretty creepy at night . i suppose the same could be said of most sizable public a by product of the eerie contrast between the bustling well lit and their nocturnal desolate appearance . be that as it may i would still argue that the building in case goes past this simple dissonant clash of habit meeting familiar unfamiliarity . the on campus are enormous . it s a very old university and they took their classical a little too far . the are at least high and one can t help but feel by the scale especially when walking through them while they re empty . it s truly a grand waste of space but it a certain atmosphere that when in darkness can send a little shiver down your spine . the building where i have classes until ten twice a week off most in the second floor by eight o clock as most up there are not being used at that time . i suppose this is an opportunity for the staff to start up as soon as possible . in fact they seem so eager to get it done that one time our class was actually locked inside the building . we had stayed past our time trying to get through that were taking far too long only to find the front door locked . the entire class professor included ended up leaving through a low window . that specific story t scary though so i leave it for another day . what me are the unlit of the second floor . i think it t use to feel scary per se possibly just a little eerie but now i can t possibly go there at night . i am aware of the range of possible for the i am about to recall . trust me i taken shelter under their comforting embrace for far longer than anyone else . even so i can t help but feel that my experience might help someone else in the future . it was a cold evening and class had ended early . after an entire day of classes all i to do was head home but i still had a minute commute and my physiological needs t going to wait that long without me through severe discomfort . i chose to go to the second floor as i usually did at that time . i t call myself a but i am not particularly of public so choosing the on the second floor that had already been for the day was a matter of course . all in that building have motion . i honestly hate those . there s something truly unpleasant about the suddenly going out while you re doing your business . you will then have to wave your arm around until the damn sensor movement or enjoy in the dark whichever you prefer . it s annoying especially when you have the need to stay for a bit longer due to an upset stomach . it was just this type of scenario that day . i went up there in the usual eeriness of the empty hall and went in the bathroom . it was empty as usual . sitting on the toilet i myself to sigh deeply and the odd catharsis that comes from a moment of rest after a stressful day along with the relief of to overdue physiological needs . the went out . a few and later they returned . a short time later they went out again sooner than usual . i my arm and waved but the t turn back on . damn i thought . i felt unsettled by the complete darkness that set in every time the went out and i could swear i was hearing some strange as my compensate for the lack of sight . i my arm further and even got slightly up from the toilet to try to activate the sensor . reaching up into the darkness my arm hit something . it t have been the wall my arm was towards the door and it t have been the door either because the stall was pretty big and my arm was extended diagonally upwards . besides this bit of logic the feeling itself certainly t that of a door or a wall either . it felt warm and damp perhaps even slightly slimy . i could also notice some with a rougher texture here and there that stood out as oddly sharp . whatever it was i also got the impression it was shifting around me know that whatever i touched had movement . i could distinctly feel the slimy warmness wiggle around my arm as if i was being by it . i backwards immediately and myself over the toilet falling beside it with my pants still down . the pain i frantically for my phone to use it as a light source . it was in my jeans pocket and the panic t me retrieve it with as much speed as i wished . i felt something touch my and as the warm slimy feeling from before was spreading throughout my bare . i tried to push it back with my left hand but it was no use as i felt it my arm as well . the phone was finally out and with the click of a button light back into the stall . i a strange sound that i t identify and i was once again by the light of the bathroom lying on the floor unwiped with my pants down . on the verge of a panic attack i at my damp arms and saw what like a rash from about my wrist to my elbow . a similar one covered a part of my right leg . i hurried out of the bathroom as soon as possible storming to the door to the left of the stall . i bet i like a mad man half crying while running for the front door . i m just thankful i t run into anyone i knew . the rash looking redness that covered my arms and right leg a few later . i had no other anywhere except for a bruise on my hip where i hit the toilet . retrospective is a bitch sometimes . i myself in and logical to wipe away what i of as irrational fear . even so retrospective keyed me into a rather upsetting detail something i t possibly have taken into consideration while in that bathroom . looking back that day the single light bulb that the stall did not come back on uniformly and at once . i clearly seeing the light once again from left to right . i have been to that bathroom many times and i am sure that those come on at once not left to right . whatever i felt in the dark had been covering the bathroom physically it stood in their way to keep me in the dark . when i turned on the phone it fled from left to right the light that had never been off to shine over the stall once again . whatever i felt in the dark was probably still standing in the bathroom to my right as i . it probably watched me as i ran for the door . i thank god that i did not look right while i fled that place . maybe it t have made a difference but i am thankful anyway . whatever " tasted " me in the darkness is not something that human can see and just walk away from . i don t go to the unlit of that campus and whenever i use a bathroom with light i make sure to keep my phone at hand . as a simple safety tip i suggest you do the same . she saw me sitting on the back porch my ax laid across my lap . " ? " she . i glancing over as our baby girl in her arms . she was growing fast three old now and it was hard to imagine my life without her . she was our first child and our had so much since she ' d been born . the money had finally come through the bank had decided that we were stable enough to give us the loan we . our farm was on the verge of finally becoming what it had once been . we were ready to transition from the state ' s turkey to the state ' s dairy farm and cattle ranch . old the last of our was all that was left . he stood at the edge of the fence looking at the now field and the newly cowshed that had taken the place of the long turkey that had once the land . he had been standing there for a few days watching the direction the trucks had taken his last few in and i was a little worried for him . he ' t eaten ' t drunk any water and ' t in nearly three days and i was trying to muster the courage to do what must be done . my wife the top of my head and took our daughter inside leaving me with my . i that knew these were his last few days . had been with the family for . when my grandfather had the farm had been on the verge of bankruptcy . we had been a cattle ranch we had beef to many of the surrounding but as good as the times were they had turned in a matter of . a disease had shot through the killing them and making the meat useless . the land had been covered in the rotting of our and my grandfather had slipped away in the night of the same unknown illness . my father had told me that my had been a strapping man of six foot a mountain of muscle but the disease had him like a grape and aged him well before his time . no one knew what it was or where it had come from but it had him as quickly as the and soon all my dad had was a farm of . that was when had come . dad had been standing in the field one morning selling the farm so he could be done with this place when he saw three come wandering out of the and into the field . he had for his gun meaning to kill them and take them home for supper but the middle turkey had fixed him with a withering look and he ' t even summon the strength to pull the trigger . all three had past him taking up in the barn and dad had let them stay . maybe he thought he ' d kill them tomorrow and have a meal then . they were in the barn and they clearly ' t going anywhere . the next day though his father had discovered a surprise . both had lain in the barn with one nest near the gate and one near the back . dad said had at him and something inside had told him that the near the door were for him . that same feeling also told him that to try and collect anything from the back would be a fight he ' t want . he left both be . he had already a plan a plan and the addition of young would only help it along . dad fed them and them in the barn to my mother ' s ire . they had enough to worry about with a failing farm and me on the way but dad stood firm that the would be good to have just in case . about a month later there had been little . dad had always at how they had grown needing only minimal attention to grow much than any turkey he had ever seen before . they ate up the food he gave them and to grow huge on what to . five after they ' d dad had taken ten to the country fair and some of them had won . he ' d come home with no however as all of them had sold at the stock show and dad had made enough money to get by for a little while . every year after that there had been ten to twenty waiting to go to market several times a year . the he was to take were always set away from the rest of the turkey family who had taken over the old barn . my father was always careful to leave a selection of behind but was better at population control than my father . him to cull his herd and in exchange he received a safe place to stay and more food than they strictly . made my father ' s farm profitable hell made it a household name within the state and a turkey might as well be my family crest . dad had me on his deathbed not to do what i was but i was tired of . it was time for a new era on this farm . it was time to make my sacrifice . i got up and stepped slowly towards the old turkey . he ' t move he was a trusting old thing and he let me move up to the fence so i could look where he was looking . his ran off into the field towards the road where the trucks had taken his kin . that had been a fight . ' s brood had swollen to fill the other three and three more that had been built just for him and his . every cycle half of those born were and sent out to take their place in the trucks but the in the back of the were almost like royalty . they had taken the invasion of their home very badly . the men had come in to get them long and leather but more than a few of them had left with on their and long on their . the that were this sacrifice five hundred docile had onto the truck as though but the still in the had at the men with tremendous distrust . they had fought down on the men fighting them with surprising ferocity and by the end of the day they had loaded all of them close to a thousand into the of the trucks and taken them away . that was when had at the fence line recognizable by his white head and blood red and he ' t since . " sorry old but times are . i ' m moving on from turkey i ' m moving up in the world . it ' s time for a change it ' s time for your legacy to end . " the turkey turned its head to me then making me feel even for talking to a bird and i a hateful voice crawl across my mind . " my legacy may end but it won ' t end alone . " i at the turkey my mouth hanging open a little . what the hell was that ? was i losing it ? i had been through a lot of stress lately graze land and fixing up the old but not enough to hear a turkey talk . i around suddenly wondering if someone was with me but it was just the of a turkey and me . " did . . . did you just " " yes " it said in my head turning back to the field " just as i did to your father when we first met . i doubt he told you . he thought he was mad . you have sent my away condemned my to a slow death in but it ' t end like this . i can call more . i can sire more turkey . the cycle can continue . your family name can once again be known for the flesh of my people and i will continue to live . " i thought about it for a minute . the turkey trade had been good for us had gotten us through some hard times . i could do both i thought . i could have and turkey . i could split the . they could share the farm i could . . . i could keep stepping in every morning and where i ' m five old with a bucket of feed and a swarm of skeletal swarming around me before dad picked me up . i could stop about looking down and seeing their hateful little as they up at me . i could stop the where i find my daughter ' s corpse picked clean in the shed while this hateful old bird nearby and on placidly . i could stop all of them with just a swing of my ax and i meant to . " i don ' t think so " i said the ax as i prepared to swing . stuck out his neck and at me with full of malice . " then go ahead and doom your line forever . " the sound of that ax coming down still my but i slept like a baby that night . the last peaceful sleep i would ever have . the sound of people knocking woke my wife and i the next morning . i at the clock and was to discover that it was almost ten o ' clock . my wife came groggily awake looking around frantically as she me why we ' t up ? we had never to set the alarm we ' d always gotten up on time before . we had always been at five am to we both tore off towards the nursery but i could already guess what i ' d find . my daughter was missing her window hanging open and her bassinet empty except for a scattering of . my wife ' t notice the but i did . you don ' t raise for as long as i did without being able to recognize turkey . i nearly my in over as i through the door and made my way to the turkey barn . my father in law angrily but my brother in law turned to keep pace with me knowing something was wrong . we had been long before i ' d married his sister and he knew at once that i was . we ran to the turkey barn the one i had always seen sleep in but it was empty . of course it was empty . all the were gone now . i had gotten rid of them right before i the last one yesterday . i don ' t know why i had thought we ' d find him here . we had spent the evening cleaning and the turkey after i had it . it was thanksgiving after all . that was why i had sold all the in the first place . had me a rather hefty sum for that many at once and it had made our transaction with the bank go all the smoother . i had decided should die here where he had lived out most of his life . would be our thanksgiving meal that year . his final act was to feed the family he had elevate . we had put his corpse in the oven before going to bed and i had thought fondly that this would be the last turkey i ' d ever see outside of a grocery store . when the phone call came i had almost it . i could hear my wife screaming hysterically in the background my mother in law telling me that i to come back right now . they had found my daughter . when i came into the farmhouse my wife was sobbing on the dining room floor her whole body . her fixed on mine and i saw a look of intense confusion and mistrust . what had she seen ? why was she looking at me like i had done something ? where had they found my daughter ? i got my answer when i into the dining room . my mother in law was still holding the carving knife my father in law his chest in the corner as a piece of meat lay on the floor in front of him . the turkey sat in the middle of the table pristine save for the on its left side . i saw the source of the panic from that cavity and i felt certain i would vomit right there in my " dining room . the turkey sat on the table that so many of my mother ' s thanksgiving had throughout my childhood . the turkey there now that setting . sticking from the cavity in the turkey was a tiny arm . its flesh had been and crisped its skin slightly by the carving knife but i knew whose it must be . my and i fell against the china cabinet the china inside angrily as i at that arm . it swam before my as my mind tried to unhinge and i out amidst the of my wife and the of her family . i woke up on the couch with the police standing over me . my wife had to be taken to a mental facility her into a catatonic state . however the police were very interested in knowing how my three month old daughter had gotten into a turkey and how we had no clue how it had ? they took me down to the station and me question after question after question . they were certain we had done it but they ' t understand why . hell i ' t fully understand why at the time . i still don ' t understand why sitting in the living room of my childhood home . i ' been drinking since they let me go . whiskey from the bottle and i am now good and drunk as i watch the fall into darkness . i don ' t imagine i ' be alive in the morning to see the sun come up over them . there ' s a gun in my other hand but it ' s not for me . you see i almost think i can see outside the screen door in the barren field that are now cloaked in . there are in the field beady red filled with hatred that i know all too well . ' t i see those as a child ? ' t my daddy snatch me away from them before they could have me ? well it like they might have me now . there ' s a huge something outside the screen door as i write this and i have a feeling it might be . he can ' t have my legacy continue in some other way i suppose . so happy thanksgiving to all of you setting down for turkey . i suppose what i ' m thankful for is that i ' m too drunk and numb to care what corner of hell they ' re about to drag me off to . when you live in the southern united you don t really notice how many there are . i run by five alone on my morning jog . after a while they all just blend into the scenery and they don t really build new these days . why would they need to when there s such an abundance ? my town did build a new church though . no one about it but one morning on my jog there it was . i believe there used to have been a used car lot there before but now there was a staggering cathedral . to be honest i don t know if it was a cathedral but it me of dame or at least how it in the movie . it might been more glass than actual stone . regardless one morning around six there it was . i came to a stop and up at the stone . a lone gargoyle down at me no doubt wondering why someone was wearing neon yellow this early in the morning . then the tall oak swung open . i something more eventful but and out and then milled around the chatting and catching up . the sun was only barely coming over the horizon and they were standing around in church clothes like it was on a afternoon . excuse me i down a woman in a green floral dress . what church is this ? our church of the immaculate she smiling . all are welcome here . i to it later . when i got home i to my husband that there was a new church on my route . i told him the name and he raised his eyebrow . oh ? i guess i . weird . it was really more of a southern kind of town . sure there was a catholic high school but nobody actually sent their there . it was just there like everything else . so the days went on like normal but now there was just a new church . i ran my route every morning and i always saw people milling about after their church service ended early in the morning . there was no marquee so i one of the again standing outside the church . she wore a purple dress with a white collar . i half her hair to be up in too . excuse me what time does your service start ? i . midnight on the dot she . you are always welcome to join us . i told my husband when i got home about the news . a six hour church service was unheard of . we barely made it through an hour without our growling for lunch . he raised his eyebrow and again . he said and shook his head . eventually the curiosity got the better of me . don t ask me why i did it i just had to know . everything in this town is so the same but this was so out there . i mean let s be honest it s a town where the thing we have is a catholic high school . we don t exactly have a lot going on . so i went . i the car on the street in the pitch black darkness and up as the cathedral over me . i t really know how catholic worked but i it and had some rudimentary cheat stuffed in my . when i my husband if he to come with me he and rolled back over in bed . i was on my own . a woman me at the door and handed me a bulletin . i turned it over in my and saw it was entirely in what i assumed to be . my cheat sheet t going to cut it here . go figure . the interior was stunning though . they t when they about cathedral . the impossibly high and came together in a painted night sky on the ceiling complete with twinkling white . the were in an orderly line and at the very front of the sanctuary . i they had red velvet at each pew and i knew from reading that these were for kneeling for . more people in and took their in their and at midnight exactly the large wooden slowly shut themselves . the priest stood at the front and a gold scepter . he had deep blue that the cathedral s night sky almost exactly . he must had a microphone to him somewhere because when he spoke his voice rang out strong throughout the sanctuary . not that it me understand him at all . it the entire service was going to be . right ? i along the best i could and sang when everyone else sang when everyone else . people were tense though . as we all got on our i saw the family to my left peer out from under their looking anxiously into the hall . the priest came around and everyone s with scented oil . the woman to my right was quietly sobbing her hand tight on her young daughter s back . the priest made his way closer to them and stopped at the young girl s side . his voice throughout the sanctuary as he something . it was in so i was at a loss but the young girl s mother to know . she stood up her wild and faced the priest . he at her expectantly like he t quite sure what she was going to do but knew she was going to do something . she at him a moment longer then to her . the priest and a glittering knife across the young girl s neck . my scream went by the throng of people now gathering around the girl s body . her mother but accepted the chalice that the priest her . she drank . the entire congregation drank from the same chalice and returned to their . i frantically for the exit while the priest made his way over to me . he was either going to murder me or make me drink from that cup and i t sure which would be worse . finally he me . he said something in but i t understand . he saw that i t understand and spoke in plain . drink my child and be blessed for the source is pure and given unto you he said and the cup up to my . he dipped my head back and . it tasted like the time a soccer ball hit me right in the face in elementary school . blood had immediately filled my mouth and my took me for ice cream to stop me from crying for the entire rest of the day . i never thought i d taste that much blood ever again . then everything was a blur . i only remember faint of it but there was silk and a large table dressed in a gold cloth . someone had let a deer into the sanctuary . a woman my hair . someone fed me an incredibly salty bread . colors above me in the night sky . purple into a deep emerald then a burnt orange streaked across it all . then the and dim morning light fell onto the plush carpet the colors above . i left then on wobbling swept away in the crowd now leaving . the ladies milled around and to each other dress colors and what to have for breakfast . i past them and ran finally falling behind some to vomit but i t get anything to come out . the blood was truly unto me now . i it to the police . i m not a complete idiot . i told them everything about what they were getting up to in there . i was not going to be a " part " of that . finally i finished my lengthy story and at the policeman sitting at the desk across from me . the policeman at me incredulous . ma am i don t think those were . the following is a transcript of the contents off a spiral bound notebook in the custody of law enforcement in connection with a pending investigation . while the investigation and most of the below did occur in the general vicinity of the all of the specific and other have been by me to protect the investigation and my own anonymity . i will be similarly circumspect about how i access to the notebook itself suffice it to say i had an opportunity to analyze the object physically . as part of that process i all of the per my sop . it t until the following week that i back through those and reading what i have now written down below . i understand how this may be and you have no reason to trust the word of an anonymous stranger as to its authenticity . i cannot even vouch for the truth of what is written myself though i think i have all the accurately . all i can say is that what i have written is the truth and i am it to the best of my ability . what you take from it evidence of something sinister the of some elaborate prank or simply a few of entertainment that is entirely up to you . i remember the first time i saw you . you were what ? one ? maybe not even that . laying on the blanket next to your in the park sleeping so peacefully as she watched over you with a tired but happy look on her face . that sleep so calm and serene i envied you that . i was trouble sleeping even back then and every day i could feel the last of that kind of peace being taken from me . i don t want you to misunderstand me though . me talking about not sleeping and envying a little baby that can well you might think that i was jealous of you . you even . but no . nothing could be further from the truth . i saw that little pink ball of innocence that bright little light of life that t been and on by the world quite yet and i you . i you for what you were and what you could be . so i decided to take you under my wing . pa had once me a witch . a witch ! i tried to tell the dumb bastard that i t no witch and even if i was you d call a boy witch a warlock . but he got that mean sour look he d get sometimes before i was five in and i knew the hit was coming before he even to swing . i just balled up then . i was fifteen at the time and i might could have fought back but he was bigger and and meaner than me and if i fought back it d just be worse . so instead i balled right up like a armadillo and before long it was over . are funny . they look cute and all sure . like little in of armor or something . but you know a lot of them have leprosy under that armor . a poison rot like from the olden times right under their skin . i felt like that back then . like i had poison welling up under that skin he was bruising and splitting . waiting for the right time to reach out and touch him . wither him right away . except my poison t leprosy . mine was what i could see . what i knew . i could look at my father big strong man that he was and i could see the thread of his life out in front of him . not everything you understand it t til later that i got where i could focus more and see i to see but enough to know the biggest goods and he had coming . enough to see when and how that thread would be cut for good . that was why he was afraid of me . why he me so . i d made the mistake of on what i could see before i knew it was better to hide it . pa tried to ignore it at first but that when i came to him crying one morning . found him in the field working on that old tractor that out at least once at season already in an awful temper . i should have known better but i was and upset and i him . i thought if i told him how he was going to die he could avoid it and i that more than just about anything . funny thing was when what i saw finally came true a few later the biggest thing i felt was relief . relief that it was over and that my poison had finally finished the job . i know what you re thinking . i m being arrogant . thinking i can play god . thinking that my are killing people when just by listening to what i said you could tell i m just seeing what s coming for somebody and even warning them t change a thing . for a long time i thought that way too . as i got older and especially after pa i got in what i could see but i to see it less and less . i t help people and seeing people that way like a bunch of they t made yet it made it hard to see them as people at all . they were just and and i felt like some egghead mathematician looking at some formula on a blackboard . except i people and i math and the world was getting so i t be around someone for more than a few without seeing the worst they would do and how it would all end . i learned to block it some but just enough that i t go crazy . and that was before i losing sleep . we t meant to be in this world all the time . i m convinced of this . this world it s a hard place with sharp and it whittle you down to nothing if you don t leave it once in a while . that s why god gave us sleep . and . some people say that those are as real as this world even . and maybe that s so or maybe not . i don t know . what i do know is that we t meant to stay here all the time . especially when you see everything that i see . when i first saw that little baby you i guess something came over me . maybe it was some instinct some part of whatever this power is that i have . i like to think that it was something more though . that even then i to keep you safe forever . i spent the next hour looking through the thread of your life . the times you were truly or truly happy . the that shaped you or you this way or that . when you felt and when you were in danger . the day when you were just nineteen that you . by the time your picked you up and carried you back to the car my head was splitting and i was close to . i could see how it and why but not how to stop it . telling you even if i eighteen to tell you the day it t be enough to stop it . our our they have movement . inertia . and you were heading toward a coffin like a bullet flying fast . me telling you stuff you t believe too late to help anything well i might as well be puffing out a breath at that passing bullet . it won t change where it one little bit . but what if i t talk to you just then ? what if i to you for ? proved to you that what i saw was real and that you could trust me ? maybe that belief would be enough that you would listen when the time was right ? i you and your home that day and i kept track of you ever since . those first few i would only see you every now and then . your thread for any looking into more so i could understand you better . the rest of the time i spent doing my little with other people seeing if i could move their at all . turns out i can but it s not an easy thing . that momentum i was talking about ? it s a powerful thing and even if you warn someone or keep them from doing something they were meant to do the universe a funny way of self correcting . i seen odd stuff over the much of it i don t understand and the thing to be the way that creation will bend over backwards to return a person to the path they re meant to be on . i m talking about or that even go beyond that that just seem to happen to make sure someone or that they meet a particular person or learn a particular thing . i don t claim to get why it does what it does but it t take long for me to understand what it meant to me . this force this momentum whether you want to call it fate or destiny or magic elves in the it was working against me and what i was trying to do . it was the opposition . the enemy . the bad guy . and for awhile i t know if i could beat it . and then one day i did . it was a guy . nice enough guy i guess but more importantly he worked in the building across from my job and ate lunch outside most days . it gave me easy access to him and after a few i had most of his next twenty out in my head . the key to most of it was him meeting the woman he d marry her name was laura . before meeting her his life was pretty bare . he t like himself and because of that he t like most people . meeting her all of that . i m not saying their life together was perfect because it t but they brought out the best in each other . i could see several in his life where he picked right instead of left because of his love for her and because of this he several traps the world might have thrown in his path . looking at his life i knew i d found something special . everyone is affected by but to find a life so impacted by how it another that s a lot more rare . and if i was ever going to have a chance of proving i could affect of saving you this was it . and for a wonder it worked . it took time and effort and sacrifice but it worked . and from that i came up with my plan to protect you . i m writing this two days before your twelfth birthday . when you find this notebook which i know you will it will have a green notebook to it . that is the story of your life from age twelve to thirteen . it is long but i tried to organize it well and only use you understand . if you find one you don t go get the dictionary off your s bookshelf and look it up . you need to get all of this ? i don t cover everything of course . it would take way too long to write or read . but it s about thirty of little and big that are going to happen and what because of those . i give you the date and time when i can but i can t see that clear except occasional . and there s only as couple of times when i tell you what you should do instead of what you re meant to do . for now i just want you to understand that what i m telling you will come true and that you can trust me . every year i m going to give you another green notebook . it tell you what you need to know . when you need to pick path b instead of path a that kind of thing . i keep watch on the road ahead of you and make sure that you stay safe for as long as i m able . i m convinced that if you listen to me we can beat that day when you re nineteen . i know this is a lot to understand and believe but i already seen that you will . i can t see your thread moving yet but i think in time as you know more and trust more that get easier . i know you re a smart girl so this probably t need to be said but don t tell anyone about these or what you know . take it from me all it will do is make people think you re crazy or that you re wrong somehow . just keep it for yourself and use it as you will . it s still your life after all . i m just here to make sure you get to live it . your guardian angel . that is the end of the primary writing in the red notebook . there is however loose paper in the back of the notebook that to be from a different source as the are different in size and spacing . based upon the content and the apparent age of the and the ink it this was written much more recently . i used to think of people as . seeing how inevitable everything was it always felt like we were all being along just a dumb piece of string until we finally get cut . but then i met and the and i that i could change that string if i worked hard enough . twist it this way or that lengthen it or cut it shorter than intended . it made me feel special powerful even but more importantly it meant that i could guide you through a safe and happy life . for it worked . i got you past you suffocating at nineteen and then past the two times the universe tried to self correct over the next few . and when i saw you headed toward that fire at thirty i stopped it from ever happening at all . i wrapped your life in bubble wrap and i think you used to appreciate it . i know you did . but lately you take it all for . you think that i m you somehow or that you don t need me . you have no idea of the vicious the world waiting for you at every turn of how many times i fought those off for you . you have no idea of how will change if you keep my advice like this . the thing is you re wrong . it s always been your choice . i used to not believe in free will but i was wrong . i see that now . you can steer your life how you want but make no mistake free will does not mean you won t be and . that universe that s been wanting to hurt and kill you all these its just waiting for the chance to put you back on its course some version of where you re miserable or or dead . and left to your own you steer right into it . i can see that now . and the worse part of it is i m no different than you . i never told you why i don t sleep much . it s because of the nightmare . the same nightmare i had for nearly forty . it s always me though when i was younger i thought it was just a dream . even when i you in it i told myself it was just my brain s way of my fear that i might fail you some day . it t until the last few that i come to accept that the dream is the rapidly approaching future or at least one version of what may come to pass . in it you re in a large room with no and soundproofing on the . you re laying in bed asleep though the running into your arm me think you have little choice in that . three ago i t know where that place was or what i was feeding you . now i own that place and have enough medical to last ten or more . that s not fate not really . i saw those but i still chose to make them . i could say it s all out of my but i love you too much to lie . no the truth is better . and the truth is well part of the truth is that i run out of to keep you safe . for all my and advice all my study of the story of you you re still the author and when you decide to refuse my help i have to make a choice to either leave you to make your own or take control of once and for all . i know you want me to just leave you alone and while that i guess i understand it too . no one to be bossed around or feel like their life t their own . but you have to understand i feel the same way . i t ask for this power . i never to see what i do . the dark secret hearts of people . the sharp biting teeth of the world . the same damned dream that is so terrible and so wonderful at the same time . because you re not alone in that room . there is another bed and on it i lay sleeping . this t the ragged sweaty screaming sleep of a man ripping himself from a nightmare only to be back into the too sharp world . no . my breath is even . my face unlined by worry or fear . i m not or out either . just sleeping the blissfully peaceful sleep of the innocent much like a baby might on a warm day in spring . i need that . we need that . i done what i can to protect you while you be free . and once you re with me i swear i will always care for you during my waking . you will never suffer again . i seen your thread and i know this will work . i will keep you from the teeth of the world and in turn you will give me the dreamless escape i lived without for so long . we will both be free and happy and together . and that will be the story of us . can i take your order sir ? i ask the patron in one hand pen in the other steady . the creature me over . one of his remains fixed on the menu before him . the other with a wet squelch rotating independently and hungrily giving me the once over . i m used to it . such is the duty of a human that works in a restaurant that primarily human flesh . the man his with a dark tongue . though of course he t a man . not really . settled into his seat amongst and like minded he can afford to relax a little . the of his suit start to fade and it becomes disturbingly clear that he t wearing a suit at all . he simply the and of his own crustily scaled skin like a chameleon . his have begun to bulge from their . yellowing as they grow . expanding and . he revealing the multiple of grey green teeth behind his cracked and a slippery black tongue easily the length of my forearm from his mouth and the side of his face with a disgusting and grotesque lack of shame . he is like many of the . the i refer to privately as the . though i suppose they technically t in the literal sense as a cannibal is a human that eats another human . and these t human . if they ever were they re certainly not any more . but the t even the worst part . as i said i m used to it . what i m not used to what i am yet to become comfortable with even after a year of employment and what i doubt i ever get used to is the smell . the smell you see it s just well it s . xb delicious . xb it s absolutely divine . warm and steamy . like pork . it one salivate . it only took a week or two of working here to turn myself into a fully vegetarian but i still have to ensure i come to work with a full stomach before my or it will without fail start to rumble . the air just so damned good . and it me . i am deeply disturbed by how tasty the smell of freshly human flesh really is . i hate it . but there is nothing i can do . i tried and i tried to get out of my contract but there is simply no way out . twelve ago i fell victim to a series of unlikely and unfortunate that saw me bound to this terrible restaurant . bound by the contract . i am forced to uphold it utterly and totally and the owner to release me . and even if she did what then ? would she carve me up and serve me to the ? i like to think that she t . i would hope that she really does see me as a colleague of and that we could part ways good . that she would allow me to just leave . but i m not sure . and that me the uncertainty . xb i hope you don t think i m a monster by the way . for to the that run this sickening place as . but i learned a few in life . you look out for number one . because no one else will . as much as this restaurant and me i have to look after my own best . and that keeping my onside keeping my head down and doing my bloody work . i come in when the rota . and one day my contract will end . and hopefully i will be let free . and if not well i cross that bridge when i come to it . xb get a move on ! his female companion from across the table with a little belch . i m here ! she and i shoot her a glance as her stomach and still shaded pale pink from her dress visibly and . one of the male s been fixed on me this entire time but his second now it up to stare at me and only me . i do not flinch and try to keep my grimace subtle as i politely await his order . what would you recommend waiter ? the thing his tongue from side to side as he does so . i smile pleasantly though it does not reach my . the steak with is particularly good sir . though they do tend to go a little heavy on the . i d suggest for only a light drizzle . splendid he his peeling back to reveal all four of broken teeth . i have that then please . rare . and for you madam ? i ask turning to his companion trying not to look at the monster on the table behind her tearing into his meal like a rabid dog blood and spittle flying like thick rain and out over the tablecloth . she and scratches her chin with a four fingered hand . one eye the menu as her other giddily staring around the room . it a little pus and her tongue out to lick it clean before messily behind her teeth . xb i clench my jaw . xb i have the blade loin and a side of . i write down her order . the small please she her crackling and peeling back into a grin . certainly madam i reply stone faced . i get these to the and i bring it all out as soon as it s ready . i hope you enjoy your evening . i turn and head to the kitchen and i can feel their bore hungrily into my back as i take my leave . would these try to eat me if it t for the owner ? try to tear me limb from limb between the tables ? i m sure that a great many of them probably would . it s an unsettling feeling to the say the least but the keep the in line . i m not sure if it s so much of a humanitarian solidarity but rather more like a practical employee maintenance initiative . they do struggle for staff here . i snake my way through the maze of tables the greedy roaming of the and that i don t feel and or care about their skin crawling little as i pass them by . i don t know if they think they re being subtle or if they simply don t care but it me . i can bring to the owner and she probably kick the offender out right then and there provided they t too high profile but it so regularly that it s just not worth . what s the point ? just keep your head down don t cause a fuss and do your work . the ripe and heavy of cooking flesh redouble as i push through the into the kitchen . i feel the sweat start to pinprick across my skin at once . one of the me by and back out through the carrying two of steaming pink red meat in her . she me a glance with all three of her amber tinted but does not smile . they re civil to me the other and . civil but not kind . i don t really give a to be honest . i have no interest in being their friend . no need to become too prominent on anyone s radar . just as long as they respect me enough to not cause or seek out any . the however are outright hostile . order up i say in a loud but dispassionate voice holding out the order slip . the nearest chef across the counter and it in a gnarled hand grunting and squinting and from his as he it through . can t read a word of this . t you never taught how to write boy ? blade loin . side of small and a steak with . rare . light drizzle . light drizzle ! ? the chef looking up at me rapidly . he the bloody arm he s holding down onto the counter with a splat and across to look at me . i suppress a gag . you been making to the again ? the drizzle s the best part ! i m just telling you what they ordered i reply levelly holding his gaze . and you know what ? he s got good taste . there s always too much drizzle . prick ! at me but the order into its slot and the arm muttering and to himself and the as he turns back to the . the best tactic when it comes to the is to just not take any i found . my might irritate them but weakness is worse . they despise weakness . s right you know comes a gruff voice from the other side of the kitchen . a taller chef round bellied and grey scaled bald and . you risk another good dish with your obsession with that sauce . off . just cause you re older don t make you any wiser you dumb . with laughter as he the of his pan . like a series of dried and crusted human but i can t be sure . he at me and to a bloodied plate on the side . that one s ready to go out . table twelve . right . . i grab the plate wincing with the heat but holding it steady nonetheless trying not to focus too carefully on the actual food reading the note instead for of the meal s contents . s the only one in the kitchen who s actually decent to me . i m not sure why . the cynic in me half he s trying to groom me . biding his time for the perfect opportunity to cut me down and carve me up . but then again perhaps not . i for him once at an important juncture when one of the other kept screwing up the . back in my first month of employment i was witness to a great deal of kitchen chaos and inter staff fighting . the head chef at the time was losing his and pinning all the blame for his up on . and everyone him . too wrapped up in their own to see what was going on for themselves they just put their misguided faith in the authority . but i saw . i always see . i see the don t even with those roaming of theirs . so i for him for . i tried to keep it on the down low and only told the owner but one thing led to the next and the head chef was quickly fired . won back his respect and he recently the title of head chef himself . information regardless of it source a tendency to leak through the and trickle down and much to me after that . i suspect he found out where his support came from one way or another . xb i carry the order out to table twelve . xb waiter ! a woman from one of the tables to my left . i shoot her a glance as i pass her by . her jaw out to the sides at awkward and as she . red goo from her . we need some extra sides over here ! i be right with you madam . yes i think to myself . my for doing my job you disgusting creature . i approach table twelve . a man with fly like and a mouth bordered by scorpion all four of his together excitedly . the liver sir i announce as i place the plate down in front of him . is there anything else i can but before i m able to finish the man his face into the food . i pull back as he and at it with feverish desperation the contents across the table and up and over my uniform . it up to my chest . i am beset by a powerful waft of the food and my complexion . the man turns to me . his quiver and a low buzzing in his throat . he eating grunting as he does so staring right at me . poised and . xb and i find myself suddenly very afraid . xb i want to take a step back . i want to run the away . but i am overcome with a terror that to do so shattering the thin ice upon which this moment . my gut me that something is wrong . something is about to happen . of the monster right at me springing from his chair and burying his into my throat and tearing it open like wet tissue paper race like fire through my head . is this it ? is this how it ? no build up no ceremony just one rabid customer too many ? one customer who t control his despite the power of the laid down by the owner . the clear on the is this it ? there s a tray on a nearby table . one in the process of being away . maybe i could grab the tray use it as a kind of makeshift shield ? but the moment . the tension . i stumble back in alarm . instead of me however the creature over . he . at his neck he a noise which is quickly cut off by a gurgling and a in his throat . i stare at him for a second or two in confusion . some of the other nearby have turned to look as well . the man s distress . he me by the collar then me almost instantly . he his many down against the table he over his chair and into the next table over . everyone is looking now . staring at the commotion . and i . is he choking ? after another second or two i think that perhaps he is . xb what would you do in this situation i wonder ? xb i weigh up my . everyone s gaze is on the creature but it become apparent quite quickly who the employee was at the time of the incident . it s possible that there are staff on me right now . don t make a big deal of it . but do what needs to be done . right . i step quickly behind the monstrous man . i grab hold of the cuff of his shirt to stop him from though it becomes immediately clear that i have nothing but a roll of scaled flesh and start the heel of my hand in between his shoulder . what the devil are you doing ? a man from the next table . saving his life sir i reply back through as i bring my hand down hard for the fifth time . still the creature his chest rising and falling rapidly as he . very well . here goes nothing i think to myself as i step forward and reach both arms around him . time to find out if the works on these . i ball up one of my against the place i presume his solar plexus to be and i bring the palm of my other hand down and onto it hard with the force of a punch . and a chunk of red purple meat from the creature s mouth . i actually see it soar through the air and splatter against a bottle of wine a few tables down . the man staggers and filling his with great of air . it s difficult to gauge expression on that monstrous face of his but he turns to me and if i had to hazard a guess i d say he rather bewildered to be frank . you you saved me ! he but i just lead him back to his seat the round of applause that now across the restaurant floor . a bizarre situation indeed . i just make sure that he is alright and still from the by my first suspicion make a hasty escape to the storeroom as professionally as i can eye contact with all as i do so . xb i wonder as i walk whether or not i correctly . whether my were wise . whether the creature was worth saving . xb you t do it for him . you did it for you . it was easier to do something than to do nothing . but even now . even after saving one of their own i still feel their hungry . i still shiver at their clammy this time under the guise of . i still see them lick their and sweat as i pass them by . i despise them . ! i have rounded the corner and left the main lobby of the restaurant . the storeroom at the end of the corridor and at the opposite end is the room that as her office . that s her name . the owner . . i look up at the sound of her voice . i saw what you did there . don t think i t see . for some reason the first emotion that through me is fear . but i try to force it down . why should i be afraid ? i t do anything wrong did i ? xb it s fascinating how even the mere tone of an authority figure can make you doubt yourself . xb yes ? i reply as coolly as possible doing my best to maintain a neutral expression . yes ? she her wobbling as she does so . you saved our customer s life ! you re a hero ! i work in a restaurant that my fellow man up on a platter . i m not a hero . i m a traitor . thanks . i reply . here . take these . go fetch me another leg from the freezer then get yourself home . my heart . could it be . . ? she t would she . . ? is she going to release me from my contract ! ? take the rest of the day off ! you it ! we can manage here for tonight she . xb my pulse slows back down . the " rest of the day ' . right . of course . xb i nod . thank you and i reach out a hand to catch the as she them to me . then she turns and back into her office . i look down at my hand . the she s never me with the before . could this be some kind of test ? these will allow me access to the . i never been down there . it s usually one of the that go down . or on rare one of the other or . but never me . never the human . i never settled on a reason as to why . and to be honest i never particularly . i was grateful for not to travel down to the . the place the meat is and kept cool and fresh . grateful for the privilege of keeping the out of sight and out of mind . but now now it i am going to go down after all . and the meaning behind her request suddenly . xb go fetch me another leg from the freezer . another leg . xb my stomach turns at the thought . seeing the food is one thing . the fleeting of the is another . but to actually locate and carry the up to the kitchen myself ? does she see this as a reward ? as an increase of responsibility ? or is it some kind of sick joke ? i don t know how these think . i really don t . but i want to get out of here and go home . if only for the night . do your job . keep your onside . and go home . so i grit my teeth i steel my stomach and i head off through the . through the locked door at the back of the restaurant and down the into the frosty gloom my breath clouding by my mouth . xb i shiver as i descend . xb down into the dark . xb i step heavily onto the floor and start to stroll the length of this new corridor . a leg . the kitchen needs a leg . i push through the nearest door and come to a sudden stop . and i that i should not have come down here . i should have her offer . i should have taken the back to her office . i should have the buck to somebody else . all these and more flood to the forefront as i stare in horror at the of human that are hooked and around the room . arms . . of unidentifiable flesh . a torso hooked and stripped of . a bucket of on the ground to my immediate right . and in the corner in the corner are a pile of . i don t need to look directly at them . i can tell . i can see . i can see their wide and staring . lifeless and empty . i stagger back and out of the room stumbling and tripping down to the ground with a loud thud . . i shout . ! this terrible place ! it ! i sit myself up against the wall running my through my hair as the sweat against my back . my breath . i go back up . i pass the to another employee . tell them that herself they retrieve the leg . because i m sure as not doing it . i m not spending another unnecessary second in this nightmare basement . i may be bound to employment but can t force me to come down here she can t . she can t . xb my are interrupted by a voice . soft and weak from a little further down the corridor . hello ? i turn and stare . heart pounding once again . hello ? it comes for a second time . it s high . like it like the voice of a little girl . please she . is anyone there ? part first of all i should introduce myself . my name is . i am a student and i work part time . i have a pretty full life with family and college . i love it and dread it at the same time . it is so stressful . at least i think that i used to have those i can not remember . a year ago on my birthday i was ready to leave my shift go to my dorm room and take a shower . i could not wait to put on the beautiful dress i had chosen for the night out with my ' s and . i still had time to take a nap before i had to actually get ready . and i had a full night waiting for me . i dozed off to sleep immediately as soon as my head hit the pillow . i of a nice restaurant dressed in a red dress and on a date with someone who ' t my . this guy was a little bit shorter had auburn hair and nice deep blue . " what am i doing here ? where are my ? where is ? " i was taken a back because i never had a dream so vivid . my are usually non existent or very hazy . " oh don ' t worry about them you are in new . you always to visit right ? such a you wont actually get a chance to do it . not as boring as new york sometimes . this may be good for you . and since it is your birthday i brought you a present ? " he took out a small red box from his pocket and put it on the table . " it could be yours if you want it . but let me warn you it might not be what you expect . " i was livid . am i ? so vividly ? the the exquisite music and even the food was so much sensation for my brain i thought it would go into overdrive . the small box on the table me more than anything . it so much like one of those velvet an engagement ring would be in . " wait hold on a second . so am i ? none of this is real ? " but it so real damn it . it is like i have taken a heavy drug . " no interest in opening your present ? i want to not take it personally love but you are hurting my . " he as a joke and . he handed me the box . " you have to open it it ' s your birthday after all . this gift could give you what you want . " i hesitantly took the box and it into my palm . it was so soft . my heart was pounding as if this tiny box was big enough to crush me . my curiosity was overwhelming . i felt as if pandora ' s box was in my hand . i gently it and there was indeed a ring . a ring . that similarly to one of those engagement any girl could dream of . only this one ' s stone was red . it was . i ' t take my off of it . i took a deep breath and my fear . " thank you . but i already have a . " he . a lot . and annoyingly me for even thinking about that . " so this is what you think this is ? oh love you are in for a treat . this is not a fairy tale . this is not one of your . frankly i don ' t even think that you are my type . " he and the whole place to be quieter and quieter with every second . it like the whole scene in front of me was frozen . like someone the time from flowing . and it was only me and him . panic to take over me and i to get up but he my hand and me in the . " you can ' t leave . this is your gift and i have been assigned to show you something . " " what you ? i know what a ring is . thanks but no thanks . " " you still don ' t understand ! this is not just a ring . this can show you the future . what you want to see how far you want to see if you want to take your . you just have to put it on . happy birthday ! " " i am not " but before i could finish my sentence everything and i woke up in my bed . a wave of relief filled my body but it was short lived . my stomach when i saw the red box carefully on my . i spent my birthday as and i had too much to drink . it was the next day after my that i decided to try it . it was all just nonsense right ? i my and it was morning . must have fallen asleep . my me and me if i am getting ready for our graduation and if i have chosen an outfit for the yet . at first i thought she was messing with me but after taking a look outside it was summer . have . this ' t be . the ring was still standing on my and i put it on again . i thought i could go back to the present but it actually took me farther into the future . me and were living together and it all went great but my ' t speaking to me . they said i with my . which ' t true . it can ' t be true . that ' t me . i don ' t like how my life . i am still working at . coming home tired everyday to a slightly uninterested that only to play . and sex . and that ' s about it . i put the ring on again . what ' s the harm in seeing more ? i thought maybe could be better . another in . and i had a fight . he was cheating on my with his best friend . i was heartbroken . " but why ? " i cried . " ' t i enough ? " " i am sorry at least she care of herself . you let yourself go we always fight and you also got fired . we are done . " i cried so much . i went back to the present but no matter how hard i tried nothing . i working out more . eating less and less . but then i felt the hunger . . hard . so much i threw up and still ate afterwards . but i ' t stop trying . i had to succeed right ? what does it matter that i barely sleep ? i dont even care that i lost my job . i have to change something . what does it matter that i away my ? i can ' t lose the love of my life . i am sure you understand . as i am also sure you know that it anyways . so i put my ring back on . i had to know if there was still a chance to change my future . i woke up in my car on my birthday drunk and still drinking . the cold air pierced my and the drink stung and hurt but i ' t stop . i had to drive . somewhere far . and then it all went black . holy i crushed my car . i don ' t know how i was still . i saw the damage the car the blood i ' t have that . somehow i was outside the car looking at the scene and it still felt unreal . this ' t be how i go . the man from my dream me . " such a you were so young . it knowing too much ' t it ? " he at me . almost like he felt my pain . " but why ? why all this ? and who the are you ? why are you doing this to me ? " i cried . " but love i am you . " " please stop messing with my life this ' t fair ! how could you be me ? ? " i was at this point . this can ' t be happening to me ! " i am what you call your higher self higher conscience if you will . " " what the ? ! what you believe that you can fool me with such nonsense that i don ' t even believe in ! " " oh love but i have no desire to fool you . it ' t do us any good . " " why ? why all this ? " " because you have a debt you have to pay to the universe . " " what are you talking about ? i am a good person . i never hurt anyone . " " oh love but i did . and now i have to pay through you . " as he said that the whole world an enormous blackness . it was almost as if i was in time . then i woke up . my birthday is in days . which i have more days to live . i tried talking to my but they seem very concerned with my state of mind . they don ' t believe me . they think there is something wrong with me . the unfairness of it all me . i can ' t stop drinking i can ' t eat nor sleep . i want to numb the pain . i dont know if i even want to live . i think i am going crazy . this all to be a dream . this ' t real is it ? no no it can ' t be . i have to wake up soon . this can ' t be how it goes . four days have i think . it is getting harder and harder to keep track of time . tomorrow is my birthday . or is it today ? i can ' t remember . all i know is that i want to go far away from here . i got my cat roach ten ago . just before my sixteenth birthday . he was three old at the time a small kitten with a furry tabby coat and similar to those of a . according to the lady who his mother the tabby coat is a rarity among the of his . his mother was a blue and his father a chinchilla longhair an unrecognized breed in many . like his mother roach is a coward . the moment he saw me coming into the apartment he was born in both him and his mother ran under a couch . took us a while to get them out and he took a few days to acclimate to his new home . he was roach because he ran away from everyone and everything somewhere like a cockroach . over the next ten roach was a decent enough house cat . being more feral as my him he was suspicious of . his long and luscious fur had always been a pain in the ass but it was worth it . i thought i had lost him about five ago when he found a way to travel from one bedroom to the kitchen somehow . are a secretive animal so he must found a way . four ago i had gotten my dog . she immediately fell in love with him but the bastard being a bastard he t take to her . at first he was afraid of her and thus aggressive whenever she starting play . eventually he warming up to her although he still to outright engage with her in full on play . she s a giant to him . after i had gotten jess he warming up to his human too . actively seeking attention which he t up to this point . while he was still a thorny fur shedding monster that like a grumpy old man as the rolled on his open of affection were a nice gesture of gratitude . a month ago i to a new apartment and obviously roach had to freak out and disappear somewhere after being let into the new place . i around for him but t find a trace . jess to sniff him out no . at first she enthusiastic about finding her mate she stopped with excitement to his name when i her to sniff him out . during my third night in the new place i a scraping noise behind the washing machine . i figured it must be roach behind it as there was a sizable space into which the machine fit under the kitchen sink . i the machine away and into the space under the sink . nothing not a trace of the bastard feline . trusting my gut feeling i a flashlight and shone into the darkness . lo and behold roach sat there in the distance his body as tightly as he could sit . his were wide with horror . the stress drove him to hide away from prying human . he t expect his entryway into his little spot to be blocked though . i tried calling him out but he to get out . seeing no way to actually get him out i the washing machine back into its place . all i had to do was wait until the hunger or the need to piss would drive him to seek an exit . the next day rolled by without any for help from my cat . on his fifth day of isolation he scraping against the back of the washing machine . hearing the noise i it out again but he ran back into the of his little cave . this time i kept the washing machine out . i knew he was going to come out sooner or later and all i to do was make sure he can ' t hide under the sink again . that night he came out completely silent though . i t have if he t scrap in his litter box . hearing that i my way towards the bathroom where he me . he ran out to escape into his dark haven once again . i knew it was a race i t win . i out to him and he stopped moving . i talking to him and he just at me . once i felt he was distracted enough i came to him from the side and forced him to run into the guest room . at this point i ran towards the kitchen and the washing machine back in place . it was amusing to watch him try in vain to get into a tiny hole back to his spot . as annoying as the whole thing was i was glad he t run away as i initially had thought . the next morning he to be slowly to the new place . he around sniffing everything examining it with his nose and . something was off about him though . he t mind jess . he always tried to push her away when she was too close . i it off as a result of being out for almost a week . i thought he must been a little off . the weirdness continued as he up to the dog while she in turn almost him . she just t pay attention to him nor get excited about his name being as she did in the past . again she s super friendly and all people and she comes across . roach kept running away from me whenever i tried approaching him . i thought he was just at me for causing him this much anxiety so i left him to his . two had gone by and i nature t calling him . the litter box was clean . he was eating and drinking but far less than usual . i it with his advancing age and the shift towards winter weather . he was acting normal for the most part walking around . sniffing stuff rolling on the and he tried with the dog who t care for him . one thing that was off was how he t at all . roach used to be a very vocal cat . needs to take a ? yelling in discomfort . took the ? singing opera in pleasure while running around . running tap water ? . attention ? . look at him in a way he t like angrily . i everything as him a feline crisis or something . that is until i saw him standing on his front with his hind half bend over his head yesterday . he caught sight of me staring at him like that and his hind onto the ground before sitting . i was . obviously i d seen roach standing on his hind before but never on the front and not bent in half like that . i came up to him and picked him up . i was he even let me touch him given his behavior in the previous . i t about the fact that he felt lighter than i had . he was never a heavy cat but now he was way too light . running my hand across his head i what was different about roach . his head was . it barely hung onto the neck and it just bobbed back and forth under the pressure of my hand . the skin of his face was like a layer of paper over the empty skull which i could feel in my . a pit formed in my stomach and i t even know what to think . the head of my cat was virtually devoid of but he was still . i just him in my arms and at his head . i guess i on the top of his head a little too hard because his mouth seemingly involuntarily . inside i saw the bare skull of my cat and an insect not too dissimilar from a praying mantis standing vibrating its body . my stomach cramped i felt like throwing up and just let go of the cat ' s body . roach landed on his side awkwardly before getting back up to his and ran off . my cat was no more roach was gone . this t a cat . it was a sick parody of my pet . a puppet by some weird insect thing . i t bring myself to hurt the thing i to do but i t smash it with the baseball bet . i even brought it to the room the creature was lying in but i t able to . it just at me and t even move . it t care . a chirping sound came out of its body a poor attempt at purring . i felt sick and sad and so i did the next best thing . get this thing as far away from me as i could . i the creature and took it to my car . it t protest it t move even . it just or whatever was inside . to be unconcerned with the whole thing . i took what of my cat and drove it off into a nearby forest he s never been outside so he t be able to come back . living dead or otherwise . the drive home was awful i was confused sad and angry all at once . this insect thing i just hope my dog t catch any of that either . i had never seen such a thing before . i should definitely get an exterminator to make sure i have no more of these crawling around somewhere . last night i went to bed depressed and worried mostly about . she fine thus far i hope she t contract whatever alien bug this was . this morning i woke up to something on my bed something not very heavy . as i came to chirping in my and the smell of spoiled milk and fish hit my . my shot open and i saw it walking around my bed . instinctively i it as hard as i could off the bed . it hit the floor with a sickening thud and back to its . something definitely snapped . how the did this thing get back to the house ? how did it get inside ? my stomach knotted with disgust and anger . me yell and ran towards the room but stopped at the doorstep before running away in defeat . the parody of a cat was clearly broken when i got up . it was trying to walk but two of its and its back were out of place so it awkwardly . i my blanket and wrapped it around this abomination before it against the wall . the chirping down and i tied the blanket into a makeshift sack . i ended up tossing the blanket with the remains of roach wrapped in it outside . the smell of rot is unbearable and the chirping is back . i just want the god awful sound to stop . won t come anywhere near that mess . i can only assume the smell or the sound hurt her . i m pretty sure i saw the blanket move as i out of my window . i think i m going to burn this mess . just thinking about it my well up . i m sorry roach i love you you furry bastard . three days of very bad sleep my sense of reality and time . maybe that ' s why i the door in the middle of the night without giving it a second thought . i was to see my husband at the door tired working his night shift . it ' s been less than a month since i married him the man i love so much the man who me laugh me smile me happy me feel i ' never even felt before yet there was this unsettling feeling about this meeting though something ' t feel right something felt off . . . i blamed these strange on my lack of sleep and it . he gave me a gentle kiss on the cheek . every kiss he me of warmth and happiness in me yet something ' t feel right today . i this feeling again though it was taking up a bigger part in my mind now . " how was work today honey ? " i him . " oh you know the same i think we ' be able to go on the trip you ' always to go on i ' been saving up recently " . me and my lovely husband on a trip around the world just thinking about it made me excited . " oh wow that ' s amazing i look forward to it " i was that i to say this line while my excitement it ' s a dream of mine . " there ' s some spaghetti do you have dinner ? i haven ' t eaten yet . " " i ' m hungry " he . i set the table and put two bowls of spaghetti . i at the huge wall clock we received as a wedding gift the time was am . this unsettling feeling now too much to ignore . that ' s when the wore off . i had been taking prescription to deal with depression after being faced with the loss of my beloved husband yet he was there in front of me eating my food the look of happiness across his beautiful face . the same face he when we go dancing our pastime oh he was a wonderful dancer everyone it . the numerous dance that stood on the mantel was proof of it . we even on boring days like this the midnight moon the song on the radio the cheap wine all while we each other in our arms daring to never let go of each other . but it ' t my husband it ' t be . . . he away one month ago at am after the car slipped because of the icy road . i ' t comprehend the death of my beloved husband the gave me they tried everything . . nothing could fill that piece of my heart the piece that he took when he left me no one nothing could ever fill that void . that ' s why i the necromancer . he to bring back my husband i don ' t know anything about dark magic but i was desperate desperate to bring back my husband to fill the void which i know could never be filled unless he was with me . this must be the demon that the necromancer about . a handsome demon the role of my husband . i ' t even mind his presence his wonderful smile his devilishly handsome face he was here no it was not a demon but my husband who to see me . we ate and as though it were normal . normal for a demon to be the role of my husband but it even if it the pain only momentarily . you could feel the romance in the air nights like this when we our out when we each other in our arms when the only feeling we could feel was happiness i would give anything to feel that again even if it selling my soul to this demon . i turned on the radio some wine and towards him . he knew what was coming he removed his tie his clothes a bit and put his hand on my one . " so . . honey one last dance ? " he said in his ever so charming tone . part i was lost in a dream about potatoes . but not the cute cuddly kind mind you . monstrous potatoes the size of donkey rotten to the core squirming with and vermin . in my dream i into one of them a handful of slimy stuffing my face ravenously with the repulsive mass . that s when the itch in my turned into mind numbing pain . do you ever visualize pain as a white noise ripping your and sinew apart your inflamed wounds with a million cockroach desperately eating their way out ? just me ? in any case i awoke screaming with my right hand deep inside myself . there are a lot of ways you could interpret that statement so let me just clarify a deep gash had mysteriously in my abdomen and my hand was underneath the skin quite comfortably blood pouring out and forming a lukewarm pool around me . what the ? i confusedly yanking the hand out of myself . the cool suave radio voice of the everlasting man crept into my mind yet again and as i in panic and pain his soothing me some much reassurance . you see flesh is just flesh . we don t need it any more than we need our . rid yourself of your frail human disguise and embrace the everlasting . we be right back after these from our . the incessant white noise washed over me once more and i curled into a ball on the floor . do you ever feel like someone is living inside your head . . . rent free ? ? ? stop i bloodied now pressing forcefully against my . please stop . do you ever wonder where those come from ? ? ? s stop . there s a place for people like you . . . all you have to do no please stop . is to embrace the cockroach i i can t i i won t lovely lovely . embrace the cockroach lovely message there . the everlasting . that s where you find us . you know what to do . i i will never i to my and over to my bed . this t be happening was all i could think . this can t be real . of course it ' t real . not yet anyway . we re need you to put a little effort into it . start with your friend . start with young . the canine . he how to locate us . in a frenzy i tore my bed into my mind thinking i d be able to bandage up the gaping laceration with it . it took me at least a couple of to the wound was nowhere to be found . no gash . no blood . what the everlasting i my face now buried in my trembling . i guess i spent a good half an hour trying to make sense of well anything before i out my window i t let my see what state i was in she d have me tested for in an instant mindlessly shambling a couple of over to dan s place . i t know what to expect but i d never dan like that before even on acid so i felt to check on him . and maybe get some . if you t about dan the dog s house you t from around here . it was like a garbage dump if garbage grew cancerous of smaller garbage that would burst and give birth to ever new of garbage the garbage dump cycle then repeated ad . dan s dad was never around . and when he was around he t around if you catch my drift . you d find him out all over the place cradling empty liquor like they were holy . his had left them a few back more than likely to pursue a career as a sex worker if you were to believe dan s dad of which you rarely should thus leaving poor dan with the doubtful honor of being the sole provider of the household a challenge he by peddling to of all and . i stepped over dan the dog s dad unconscious body in the doorway and feverishly made my way to dan s room . ? i as i carefully open the door . jimmy ? dan s trembling voice . i can t ma i can t make it stop . i had to hiccup twice a nervous tick i d when my dad when i saw his ashen face buried under countless sparkling the once orderly chaos of his amateur radio set up now just a heap of and and and unpronounceable . i it won t stop he . go on i . ca can t you hear it ? he said crawling out from underneath the debris . we both stood in silence listening intently to a low hum from everywhere and nowhere at once . after a while the sound into that sinister jingle i d before ending with a single sentence from the everlasting man . ask him . where is the everlasting ? i instantly out once the voice had faded to an inaudible echo in my inner ear . dan s already ghostly face somehow turned even . i t seen him that shook up about anything since he told me about the zipper girl . don t g jimmy he whispered hoarsely . don t make me do it . do what ? i . i can t do it again . not after . i won t . where is ? i t even that dan the dog s dog was suspiciously absent before then . he was always around . always . never let dan out of his sight . dan violently and fell to his streaming down his ridiculously pale face . it s the skin you have to peel away the skin to get to it dan . i him by the neck . what did you do ? cut into the flesh . remove those useless . slide into the exoskeleton . where is ? ! i . in the shed dan softly . i locked him in the shed . i don t know what came over me but i dan aside and made a panicky run for the shed . i over dan the dog s dad in the doorway but his pained and incomprehensible my locked on the harrowing structure that was the shed . some people said it was by the combined of countless body gone missing on the property over the . lost to rusty . to the serrated of the haphazardly together . torn off by the barbed wire that for some reason was randomly across the yard . it was just a shed though i knew that . filled to the brim with useless . useless . . . and something else . i could see it moving through the dirty window . rolling around in there erratically bumping into and and a low growl creeping into my ear my inner ear . ? i whispered . it s just me boy . jimmy . jimmy with a j . there was no response . just an eerie continuous growl and the discordant of metal scraping against concrete . i took a deep breath thrice and the door slowly . da i was thrown violently aside as something burst through the door ripping the rusty old thing off its . that t was the only thought going through my head as i around uselessly by now all up in the barbed wire . that t possibly be . it was about his size but that thing was not a dog . i guess you could call it a mouth . a yawning chasm by sharp toenail and of thin frizzy hair . it was centered on an amorphous mass together by of animal and human waste alike . blood of hair of skin all conjoined to form the abomination before me . it by shifting its internal its center of balance and quite elegantly so . it at me i guess although i can t for the life of me remember ever seeing any on the repugnant shape . da ? i once more the barbed wire digging into my arms and in my ever more futile at breaking free . it was there for a moment and then it was gone . bobbed over the fence impossibly disappearing into the forest behind the residence . i must tore off half my skin before i finally got loose from the wire and as i to my i felt the indifferent voice of the everlasting man in my mind . lovely t he ? you re almost here now . you know what to do . you know how to get to us . a simple precise incision . a few to extract . and then you can do it . slide into the exoskeleton . become the cockroach . but first let s listen to this amazing song by and the pig pen s . . . my body as every muscle to the disharmonious cacophony of the white noise . i would have out from the pain possibly from it if it t been for dan the dog s dad . he stood over me scratching his head in puzzlement bloodshot into the forest beyond the fence . that s be the biggest cockroach i ever seen . i timed the call just right the could revive me before i the bucket for good . at least that was the hope . any number of could go wrong especially when it came to asphyxiation . i ' t want to die per se i just a way in and this was the only thing i could come up with however foolish a plan it may have been . i better be careful about this . would never forgive me if i this way . get yourself in there and stick to the plan . before i could talk myself out of it i the number gave the operator my address and told her what i was about to do . after ending the call i a deep preparatory breath the bag over my head it around my neck and then the valve on the helium tank . maybe it ' t the best way to go about taking my own life but it sure as hell beat slicing up my arms and praying the ambulance would arrive before i out on the carpet . as a bonus it would be completely painless like falling asleep if my research was to be . as the gas filled the plastic bubble around my head my vision wavering . darkness crept around my and soon filled my entire field of view . within i lost consciousness . the last thing i remember was the faint sensation of my body going limp and my head falling against the back of the armchair . this was it . i only hoped it ' t be the end of me . for what like an eternity there was nothing but blackness . just an endless void that any and all light . that ' s how i it anyway it ' s possible i was seeing the back of my from a on its way through the emergency room . i just knew i was conscious at least in some fashion but with no access to my physical body . an orb of awareness floating through a sea of nothing . panic me as i . what if there is no afterlife ? what if i did die and this is all there is to it ? am i to remain this way forever ? these were soon put to rest by a dim white light visible in the distance . it grew in size as the that it was getting closer or that i was getting closer to it . before long it me with it a soothing warmth the of which i had never felt before . the feeling almost as quickly as it came and the light dissipated revealing my new surroundings . i was in a white room with a single door at one of its . not white really i suppose blank is a better word for it like a brightness with no color . it to breathe as well . the the floor they expanded and contracted as translucent of glowing energy throughout . the only dissonance was the view above . no roof or ceiling just pitch black as far as the eye could see . seeing as the door was my only viable of i my and it . to my surprise before i could even reach for the handle it and a man stepped out from within . " hello jack . " he was an older gentleman . late s gray hair and mustache . " how do you know me ? " i alarmed by his arrival . he a bit before . " oh jack i ' known you for quite some time and i know exactly why you ' re here . " he snapped his and they on either side of him . my wife and daughter . " ! ! " i took a step forward but the man put out his hand to stop me . " they can ' t hear you jack . they are of their former . " i ' t quite following . " what the hell is going on here ? how do you know me ? what have you done to my wife and daughter ? " " you ' re a lucky man jack . i ' m going to tell you everything . no mortal was ever meant to know . " he in a bit before his . " your kind call us guardian but we don ' t protect you we just observe and make sure go according to plan . you are the three i ' been assigned to since ' s birth . it used to be one per human but there are less of us now than ever before . now it ' s one to a family . " confusion washed over me as my mouth but no came out in response . in truth i ' t know what to say . " and this if you haven ' t by now is what you so lovingly refer to as heaven . the afterlife if you will . an assortment of each with their own deceased . it ' s a museum of really . " looking down at my battered wife and daughter my patience wore thin . " that ' t explain what you ' done to my family ! " he threw me an arrogant smile . " when a person ' s been here long enough we take their life force every last remnant of their soul . " " and then ? what do you do with the you take ? " i . his lip curled up a bit before . " we devour them . you need air food and water to live we need . it ' s the only thing keeping us alive . this system of ours been in place since the dawn of time and will continue long after the universe folded in on itself . and ' s are up . i ' been away at them bit by bit . it ' s a long and tedious process one that ' s very unpleasant for the soul ' s host . they ' re goods now . " my blood boiled at every word that fell from his . without hesitating i took a swing at him . my fist met the side of his face and then went right through like punching a ghost . " nice try jack . " my anger only grew . " why are you even telling me any of this ? ! " his face wrinkled into a more serious look . " it ' s simple really . i want your soul . fresh meat is hard to come by these days . when a person we have to wait to consume their essence a grace period of . from birth all have a divine protection on their a bothersome trait of your evolution . it even after death . we can only feed after it off . by dinnertime the soul is stale and tasteless barely enough to maintain our strength . we ' re like feeding on . " " then how do you plan on taking mine ? " his face lit up at the question . " you are a curious case jack . taking one ' s own life is the only thing that that pesky barrier . that your soul is now available for consumption . unfortunately even we have our . " he no longer so . " meaning what exactly ? " i . " you ' re not dead . not completely . there ' s still a chance you ' be saved . that while you ' re in this cross section of life and death i cannot retrieve your soul . not without your consent . " he ' t touch me . not without my permission . that one fact gave me hope that the current could still shift in my favor . it was something i could potentially use to my advantage . " so what is this then you want me to just hand it over ? why on earth would i ever agree to that ? " he and down at and . " these are what ' s the phrase my chips ? " my and my heart sank . i was undoubtedly fearful for their safety in all of this . whatever he was up to he certainly had my attention now . " i know all about your haphazard rescue mission . but it was from the start . even if you somehow to escape with them they have no to return to . they were after the accident . hell if i ' t show up when you you would have never even found them in this maze ! it ' s than the universe itself . " he was right . it was my desire all along to bring them back with me but i ' t have much of a plan after getting in . the idea was to find whoever was in charge and beg for their help . i thought at the very least i would be to communicate with them and make sure they were maybe even ask for their forgiveness . " so what are you saying ? you can give them their back ? make them alive again ? " " that ' s not possible . look at them jack . they ' re well past dead . not even i have the power to rectify what ' s been done . " i took a closer look . a pair of empty and pale skin stuck in a zombie like stupor . even who had always been so vibrant and full of life when she was alive was now still . as still as she was on that slab in the morgue after the accident . i away now rolling down my . i just to bring them back . my wife and my sweet little girl . it was my job to protect them and i . i ' m the one who did this . i was the one behind the wheel . it should have been me instead . " i ' m so sorry . . . it should have been me i just " the man . " i can offer you a of . if you agree to let me absorb your soul your family here will get a little break . let ' s say one hundred before their final extraction ? " it was probably a good deal but i ' t bear the thought of my family being hurt in any way even if it ' t for another century . " no . " he his hand to his chin in contemplation before it and tossing me a stern look . " how about a thousand ? " that ' t good enough . he something i had . so long as that was true i could haggle for something better like my family ' s freedom . " i want them alive again . if you can do that we have a deal . " he at my counter offer . " even if their were in perfect condition and unscathed resurrection is not an option . it ' s far outside the range of my . " i at him in disbelief . " how do i know you ' re telling the truth ? " " you don ' t have to believe me jack but i ' m not lying . one thousand is the best i can do . take it or leave it . " maybe he was being honest . even so i ' t like the offer . if i accepted i would be knowingly throwing my wife and daughter ' s to the beast . they would be up and like table . no . i ' t let that happen . " no . " the man let out a sigh of disappointment . he then over and put a condescending hand on my shoulder . " come on jack . can ' t you put your family first for once ? " my were now the of my almost breaking skin . i took another swing but much like before my hand right through with no resistance whatsoever . he was toying with me and knew just what buttons to push . " how dare you . how dare you stand there and judge me when you ' re the one tormenting innocent people two to bargain for a better meal . " " it ' s about survival jack . a fresh soul like yours could keep me alive for of . i can ' t afford to be when my very existence is on the line ! " i turned away completely disgusted but half considering his offer . it was after all the only one on the table . even if they were going to have their i could at least delay the inevitable . " you know what jack . i ' m going to make you one final offer . your family a thousand and in addition you will get a severance package . while your soul is being from your vessel i will put you in a trance . you won ' t feel any pain . you ' be locked away in your own free to relive the best of your life again and again until your time is up . " i stood silent for a moment thinking it over . " i like you jack . i really do . this could be beneficial for the both of us . here let me show you . " the man a hand on my forehead . in an instant the room faded and i was transported into my car driving down the back of our old neighborhood and in the looking out the window at . it was a memory of mine from last winter . just then the man from heaven in the passenger ' s seat . " this is one of my . you were so happy back then . " " what the hell are you doing here ? " i . " don ' t worry they can ' t see me . i ' m in total control . please jack humor me . look at them . " i stole a glimpse of and through the mirror . they were smiling happily looking out at all the decorated . it ' t really my wife and daughter just a memory but it felt so good to see them like this . it was peaceful . " i can make it feel like in here jack . just say the word and it ' s yours . " it was a tempting offer . more than tempting actually . it took every fiber in me not to accept right then and there . the only thing i more than to live in a fantasy like this was the real thing . more than that i my family to be safe . " why can ' t you just let them go ? i ' give you my soul . i just want them to be safe . " " i told you jack . it ' s not within my power . their have been thoroughly . " " and who ' s fault is that ? ! " i . he shook his head in disapproval . " yours if i remember correctly . you ' re the one who off the road and your family . i was just feeding to stay alive . survival is a basic instinct that ' t unique to just you know ! " we sat quiet for the rest of the ride both seething with anger . once the memory ran its course and i into our driveway at home the man turned to me and his hand on my forehead again me in another memory . this time i was in a hospital . " push ! push ! " i screaming and all at once it came back to me . this was the day was born . " beautiful ' t it . gross but beautiful . " the man from heaven was now at my side watching the moment unfold . after all was said and done a nurse came over and handed me a . " sir . it ' s a girl . " she ' t cry . instead her she took one look up at me and then her tiny hand on my chest . she was mine and i was hers . my little girl . in the that since this day i had almost forgotten how much this moment affected me . this was without a shadow of a doubt the happiest day of my life . the man from heaven a hand on my back and me a smile . " jack . " i back down at but she was gone . in looking up the whole room was now empty no or staff . all life had from the hospital . there was just me the man and a harrowing silence . he sat down on the hospital bed where had just given birth . " these precious are all you have left now . you should take them while you still can . " a single tear fell from my face . it happy rolling down my cheek at the sight of my daughter so precious and loving . it ended sad when she grazing my chin and the floor with a heartbreaking splash . it me of the day she was taken from me . the day i lost both of them . " what ' it be jack ? the clock is ticking . " it was probably the best offer i would get but the image of and lifeless and broken stayed with me . if there were ever a moment to fight for my family this was it . " save my wife and daughter and i ' m yours . " the man ' s face turned sour as he stood up and over to me . " i have just about had it with you ! do you know how many people in the world would die for an offer like this ? you yourself for your family and you can ' t even lift a finger to help them in their time of need ? ! " " i am helping them . it ' s simple . you need my soul and i need their safety . not for a finite period of time and not in here . down there on earth far away from like you . figure out how to make it happen or no deal . " his contorted into a mad grin . " you know what ? i have a better idea ! " he his hand on my forehead once more and transported us to another memory . this one was all too familiar . " no . . . it can ' t be . . . " was in the passenger ' s seat . through the mirror i saw the man sitting in the back next to . " oh yes jack it can . this is the night you your family . " i immediately to stop the car but my body ' s were out of my control . " no ! you can ' t do this ! " " of course i can ! now pipe down i ' m trying to watch the show ! " eventually i and we into that damned tree . that cold pillar of wood whose image would forever be into my mind my every nightmare . the sound of my daughter ' s all around before giving way to the shattering of glass and the loud crunch of metal . the abrupt silence that was sickening . just as i had on the day in question i my neck back and saw covered in blood and shrapnel . was even worse . her to go off so she off the windshield breaking her neck . her head was over bent farther back than i thought humanly possible . shortly after the aftermath i out and the horror continued . i awoke in the car at the same moment as before . was next to me and was in the next to that twisted angel and his piercing smile . " so what ' it be jack ? take my offer or we relive this crash indefinitely . even if the revive you down there on earth i can make this feel like a lifetime or more . you can have a thousand of peace for your wife and daughter or a thousand of this . can your fragile mind even handle that ? let ' s find out ! " the car my daughter and my family . then it all again . " come on jack ! just say yes . it ' s that simple . give me your soul ! " no . i had to fight for them . they were worth the anguish . " save them and you can have it . " " alright jack have it your way . " swerve . . tree . death . it kept happening an endless loop of torture . i must have experienced it over fifty times without pause . i ' t sure i could hold out much longer . " i have to hand it to you jack . you have a formidable will on your side . still you will be crushed beneath the weight it ' s just a matter of time . " it must have been the hundredth crash or so . it took me that long to notice it . i must have repressed the memory or maybe it was loose in the crash but on this particular replay of out of the corner of my eye i was able to catch a quick glimpse of what it was i was to avoid . it was a man standing in the middle of the road . there was something familiar about him but i ' t quite put my finger on what . a dozen more came and went each more devastating than the last . to distract myself from the pain of losing my family again and again i on that man in the road trying desperately to identify what it was i about him . it was difficult in the pandemonium his outline distant and out of focus but eventually it came to me . i knew exactly where i had seen him before . another loop . " i ' m growing of this jack . let ' s strike this deal and be done with it . " " it was you . you were the one standing in the road . you ' re the one i was when i . it was you this whole time . " looking at him through the mirror i watched him become visibly nervous when i finally put the together . " like i said jack . survival . if i any longer for any of you to die i would have perished myself . it was nothing personal . " the car came to a stop and my family leaving just me and him behind . " what ' s going on ? " i . i turned to see him staring out the car window . " this little outing of ours had to be with the higher . they ' been everything . i thought i with your memory well enough for you to forget . now that you know they know too . i ' have to stand trial . it won ' t be long now before " in this moment a beam of light the car and the man effectively him before my very . a few of ash through the air and settled on the seat below . afterwards another man at my side in the passenger ' s seat . " hello jack . how are you today ? " i fell back against the car door . " who are you ? " " one of the higher he was talking about . " he pointed at the pile of ash in the . " is he . . . dead ? " i . " yes more dead than anything in this universe can be in fact . i saw to it myself . " seen what i just saw i a bit while with this new danger . " may i ask . . . why you him ? " " certainly . you see jack he broke one of our cardinal . it ' s true that we feed on the of we ' re assigned but no matter how hungry we get we are not to interfere in the natural order of . you and your family were meant to live long but he a premature disturbance your wife and daughter into the hereafter so he could feed . " it was all becoming clear now . that man ruined my life . he was to blame for everything . " he put self preservation before our and that can not go unpunished . no trial . no . please accept my apology on his behalf . " a wave of anger me as i sat upright to meet his gaze . " apology ? my wife and daughter are dead and their all because you ' t keep one of your own in line ? keep your apology ! it nothing to me . " his friendly demeanor turned cold as i said this . " you know people who speak to someone like me in that sort of tone usually end up like him . " again he pointed to the . i returned to a position realizing i may have just crossed a powerful celestial being . he and then . " it ' s jack . i will set right . " like the man before him he a hand on my forehead . after that my sight was by a familiar darkness . a vast void where i could do nothing but drift . then i saw it . it was faint at first but its glow more visible as time went on . it was a light and soon it me . i awoke in a hospital the rhythmic pang of my pulse from a monitor at the side of the bed . did he . . . bring me back ? a nurse by the room and did a double take before entering . " oh my gosh you ' re awake ! " she dashed over to my and the while my vitals on the monitor . " how long was i out ? " " oh about three days or so . " only three days ? it felt a hell of a lot longer . " you ' re going to be on suicide watch after that stunt you just to forewarn you . " " it being dead i guess . " " you ' got that right mister . " i ' t fully my composure yet but the nurse ' s next woke me right up . " oh . you have some . it ' s your wife and daughter . " and ? what ? but how ? " i ' send them in . " a few later i saw them . my heart nearly stopped right then and there . " jack ! " ran over me into a tight embrace . behind . " we you daddy ! " i don ' t have for how i felt . they were back . my family in my arms again . " is this really happening ? how are you here ? " " it was this man jack . he came and us up and then sent us back . it ' s like we never left . " she was crying . happy not sad . " it ' s a miracle jack . " i took them in my arms and cried too an enormous smile across my face . this was now the happiest day of my life . i finally had my back and i ' t let anyone or anything take them away ever again . whenever that day does come and we have to move on to the next world i will be prepared . mark my somehow i will find a way to protect their from harm . no one will lay a hand on my family not while i ' m around . i won ' t allow it . after my own death i thought i ' d be safe in this small practically derelict town . i had moderate plastic surgery done assumed a fake identity . did feel safe for a while . imagine that for once in my life everything felt predictable . i ' d have a conversation with bill at the gas station right before lunch i was somewhat steadily employed by a home repair business and i ' d walk home from the main " office " right at . so all in all i had a decent humdrum life . it ' s a life i ' for over a decade but it never to materialize until just recently . a few i had to pay an agency a fairly hefty sum for this transition but in the short term it was worth it . i also chose to come back to this very generic fishing town because it was where my friend . sort of an homage to him . he tripping and falling down the steep hill leading to the river . fatally his head in against a tree . the memory still me later . despite that i was settling in nicely . the plastic surgery a lot . there were a few people in town who still had chips on their about ' s death . people said i could ' gotten someone sooner maybe saved him . but the moderate in my appearance meant no one could spit in my face . sure a couple of them would leer at me suspiciously since i still a slight resemblance to my former self . they probably my some contour of facial . after a few of this i stopped feeling at these people because i knew they ' t be able to connect me to what all that time ago . but one evening i was walking home . the sun was beginning to set bathing the nearly empty streets with a nostalgic glow . for some reason i ' d always think about . the of us by the river were particularly vivid and i had to shut them off to prevent myself from feeling . except bill from the gas station across the counter as i for my purchase . a little harsh . " you know " talbot stopped in today . about you out of the blue . strange man got even stranger after . all of a sudden he a curiosity for a newcomer like you . you do look familiar but i never forget a face . i ' d have pinned you down ago if you did live here back then . " " why are you telling me this bill ? " i . i tried to keep my tone light . " guess i ' m telling you to be careful . joe talbot always been a little off . just . . . be careful ? " i took my bag of food and headed out the in the direction of home . my first thought was that someone from the agency had told him my identity for some reason . but ' t make sense because they had a strict policy of discretion . it was how they turned a profit . at home i sort of found my answer . though it a ton of new . agent was sitting there in the recliner facing the . " quaint life you ' out for yourself huh ? " agent said a glass of scotch my scotch to his mouth . " what are you doing here ? i thought the agency ' t supposed to contact me unless it was an emergency " i . " we ' re trying to prevent one . c ' mon you have to know your blast from the past joe talbot been sniffing around . clearly he ' s not something good . and since he apparently found out about your previous identity someone else is most likely involved . that a fair enough assumption ? " i . " also where do you keep your ? it ' s be a long couple of days . possibly a week " agent at me expectantly . then told me the agency was very in my safety . even though very few people knew about the agency ' s existence when one of their under mysterious word would get around eventually and the agency ' s reputation would take a hit . also informed me he ' t in a rush for the operation to be over . so he chose to make himself more comfortable . on the couch i reserved for and keeping the bottle of scotch nearby and a pack of on the end table . " i ' into talbot ' s file " said roughly an hour later . " to have impulse control . no idea why he got such an attachment to your late childhood friend . ' t really related to him in any way . i don ' t get it . " " he was one of the few who blamed me for ' s death . everyone in town knew it was an accident but a handful just to make some the scapegoat . maybe his dad the drunk the idea i could ' done more to save . but i was ten at the time and . . . " i to say . cut me off . " look i ' m not trying to make you feel like after what when you were a . people in small like to talk . the that feel the most guilty spread the most blame . or at least ' s dad quite capable of doing that . still ease up on yourself . you ' re upset because part of you you could ' the hill faster and found someone sooner to help the . i ' m sure you did the best you could . " the agent ' s rung hollow . maybe he him maybe he ' t . point was that i ' t . just the kind professional of a stranger . it to rain outside and double checked the front and back making sure they were locked . he ' d occasionally put a finger to his left ear and say " what ? " as he titled his head grunting in response to whatever the person on the other end said . something a little while before bed . a sound outside . up from the couch his gun alert and scanning the . he told me to wait as he checked the surroundings . to lock the after he out . when he came back in later he informed me all he could find was the neighbor ' s old boat had over in the . i ' m not sure what it was exactly maybe all the glasses of scotch he before the incident but barely made it up the concrete and through the door . " you ? " i . " you need to learn to hold your liquor better . " i yet sort of meant it . i if i could trust his assessment of the surrounding . the person who made the sound could still be out there . he something about how his dad had gotten him hooked on the stuff when he was little and ever since then he ' d been a hopeless drunk . to the couch and after making sure he was stable i went back to the front door and locked it again . i turned back only to see standing right in front of me . he was completely expressionless except for a slight glint in his eye . " hey . . . don ' t take this the wrong way but i think you had too much to drink . " " no . i ' m fine . better than i ' felt in a long time . you don ' t know how many old bitter i ' possessed trying to be my dad and drinking as much as their will let me . but now you ' re here and i can finally confront you about what down by the river . maybe what really was an accident but when your last memory of being alive is tumbling down the hill and that ' s what the in this town bring up when they ' re well . . . you can see why i ' d have a hard time forgetting about it " said . but i knew it was who spoke . he still had a child ' s gait even a sloppy grip on the gun . no matter how many he possessing he still ' t hide being angry ten year old . the gun was pointed right at me and there was something in ' s . they were completely white except for bloodshot running through them . " i ' m thinking of doing one of two . possessing you and making you drink yourself to death but . . . i can only do that if a person is already like that to begin with . so that leaves the other option shooting you so you bleed out slowly dying an death . i think it fair after what you let happen to me . if you ' t at me for so long after i fell down the hill . . . a few can mean the difference between life and death . it ' s all your fault . all your fault ! " ' s sloppy grip on his gun . then i the hand holding it had turned a ghostly white and his face to distort with his apparently intense rage . i knew then i had to act quickly . i the gun from his hand turned it around and fired it several times into his stomach . generous of blood through the white shirt and to the floor . at first as lay there in a circle of dark blood i thought it was over . for at least a minute his face face down in the eerie red puddle but i ' t loosen my grip on the gun . something ' t right i . had too fast . then his body lightly at first so subtly i thought i might ' been it . it got up crawling toward me one arm apparently trouble gaining traction on the floor . ' s mouth wide almost like the of some feral creature . i fired several more times missing once . the other landed right between the one in the shoulder . the final one in the chest made him drop to the tile floor again . eventually another agent came in . she herself as but at the time her name washed right over my head . the room was spinning . the agent who said we to get out of there before the police sniffing around . she quickly removed as much evidence as she could and we took off out the back door . i ' t want to say to the small town even if it brought back terrible . i had lived my childhood there . we were on the edge of town me completely out of breath . i could hear the right before i hopped into the back of a nondescript van . the inside felt like that of a black hole . the fact the van beyond the street ' t help . " what ' s your name again ? " i . " . " " so am am i going to be ? what now ? " ' s to take on the pure white bloodshot had after he had been possessed by . " the agency is in your survival like that of all of our . " i just sat in the back of the van as it sped across the bumpy road . i was i ' t see those demonic again . i need to have the letter k surrounding me or i will die . the they t go far enough . writing it on painting it on the . it t save them . i can smell their death . it s a sickly raw meat smell that rancid in the air . i can see where they marked the thick red that drip onto the white hotel carpet . k . their final . my are sticky from lying in their vomit which against the already drying red . my university name tag t have enough on it just one in university of . thankfully there t any of the deadly letter . i don t have to scratch anything out . last time i was looking at this tag it was to scan it against the sliding . i was with f in to the study . it the potential to be extremely dangerous r they were saying impatiently pushing past me to get inside to test the of free will is to really mess with people s . we re barely testing anything ! i . every word i said is into my memory . they all haunt me now . these are the only times i will type the deadly letter . to do so any more is too much of a risk . f thought the study was dangerous and on the cutting edge . how can you say we re just paper when you bring something like this to me ? this t just the bobo kiki experiment r . this is finding out if have any control over our . at the time i thought they were crazy . all i d done was take yet another widely known piece of research and find some new angle so we could run a quick study write a paper and make some money for the university . this time the study was into word association . in the original test people were shown two . one had rounded puffy and one sharp jagged . they were then to associate two to each shape . most people associated the word kiki with the sharp jagged shape . the test i designed if we could change that choice of word and make our test prefer to associate kiki with the rounded puffy . i that the way to induce a strong preference would involve the word kiki and the puffy rounded shape with safety and the other word and the sharp jagged shape with danger . without going into detail that was what we did . we ten willing mentally sound and trained their to associate the letter k with safety . i don t get why you care so much about this f i all we re looking at is if we can induce a response . a response to induce behavior that goes against every human instinct they said . behavior that goes against every human instinct . i that phrase much later in the hotel . looking at the . the were covered in the letter k . it was three days into the experiment . three days after we had ten in the hotel . three days since we had training . three days ago . what are you doing here ? participant l their spine against the wall like that would hide the of post it . i unwrapped my from the heavy luggage feeling my raw and aching skin . if you want the truth i said sighing we t realize how much all of you were your space in the hotel . f thought it might be a good idea that one of us stays with you . it t a good idea . we should have them perhaps i should have stopped the training right then as i at the . that choice may have us all . it was one of the last times we could still make . l at the . we all got drunk last night . with that i had in . the grew even closer as the training went on most until the end . participant j left the test early of and extreme nausea during the . and m an older participant a heart attack two nights after i in . that moment something . it was like they were the training to each other through their storytelling . to appear suggesting m s heart attack was actually due to them seeing the unsafe letter in the novel they were reading . i some of the post it getting into people s put on the and . i t realize it then . they had associated the letter with death . then f quit the study . the were filing into the meeting room at the university ready for another day . i f was tense holding something against their spine . my neck felt like someone was gripping it tight . usually f t like this . i watched frozen as they caught participant p at the door . in a fluid motion f a piece of paper in their face . went into a panic attack . they fell to the ground in . writhing . straining their until you could see their skin stretch to its . then in an instant cracking against their skull . over and over . f their down and out . i the hospital gasping for air . we sent the home early that day . i gave them some of the from the machine that had of next to like kindness knowledge and keepsake . it to calm them down . my heart was still racing though . i wrote the training yes however i t undergo them . i just the . i t or mind . i t trained . i just know that k will keep me safe . p was in the hospital . i checked in on them then drove to the hotel . i don t know how to explain it . i just sat in the parking lot running the over in my mind . trying to recall if i d actually seen what was on the paper . f tried to call . that was at pm . i have the call . i t pick up . my skin was getting hot and clammy and i sought out the air in the hotel . i felt dizzy on the first floor like the white carpet kept shifting and moving underneath my . i got into the elevator against the side of it . the mirrored repeated my crumpled form into complete darkness . even staring into my reflection i t see my . i turned around slowly to press the panel for our floor . that s when i saw it . the very last floor on the elevator panel . basement . b . out . i my glued shut with dried saline that stung as i it out . i was on the floor of the hotel outside participant l s room . my stuff was in there . i stood up and open the door with one hand leaning too heavily on it and falling into the room . my landed in something wet and soft and i lost control . i fell to the side my neck crooked so i could only look at the . the familiar comforting letter k post it were gone . someone had them off leaving long finger into the paint . it animalistic ritualistic . i was . then i tried to get up . my hand . i knew exactly what it was . so i t look . i got up and to the other end of the room . i did not look at l s corpse . i knew i had fallen into them . someone had torn them open . my first thought was that their last name had the deadly letter in it . i open the dividing door from l s room and t s . i could feel sick rising in my throat wet . i could taste it . across every wall in t s room was the deadly letter . painted in red . i shut my instantly the afterimage locked in my vision . i can still see those . covering the . jagged and rough . like the shape . like someone had written the letter k and someone else had connected the together . i forced my open so the mental picture would disappear . looking at t s twisted corpse was much than looking up . their arms were dark with their own internal . their mouth agape of vomit dried on their . the desk on the wall had a vicious looking edge on it . i t see the other side of their skull . i can t look up . if i look up i will see the deadly letter . and the person who did this could still roam the hotel . i don t want to die . my phone with the call from f is the only thing keeping me distracted enough so that i don t throw up again . i can control what appear on it . if i keep writing . if i keep then i can make sure i never see the deadly letter . i never thought that someone could lose their free will so easily . someone in the study was trained . perhaps all of them were . trained with fear . trained together . trained to do behavior that goes against every human instinct . it with a sinking feeling . that s when you know it s your mind . . . to preface i live alone in a secluded forest town near a lake on the border of . the although cold and snowy have a certain charm to them that you t find anywhere else . most say the weather is too much to bear given the icy and single digit but nonetheless it s a cozy town . the lake is a popular tourist spot in the summer when it s too hot to go anywhere nearby . in fact it s one of the in north and nearly in diameter . i never really spent much time at the lake as open water is one of my many that i can t overcome . the lake always gave me an eerie feeling given how deep it is and the fact that many divers have in its . my town t have many and i m one of the few people here who only been there for under a year . most people keep to themselves and you usually only see them at the supermarket on the main road which is our part of town and i can t say i seen anyone there other than my . some wack job conspiracy claim that there s some curse on the lake that so many divers and to go missing but i just sum that up to the lake s depth and intricate cavern system that divers there in the first place . the surrounding forest is relatively untouched to and i often go there to clear my mind on long even though it s easy to get lost and people there usually stay away from it . it all the holiday season during the thanksgiving rush when people were leaving home to go and travel to see their . this was amidst the covid pandemic when t look to kindly to people entering or the state . luckily i was able to find time to go visit my family the following week in the city across the mountain range that my town . my house is on the far side of the lake and is set upon a plot of thick pine in a condominium like area with a few next to my road . my next door neighbor chuck was a nice mannered old man who came by to help with any technical my house would frequently have as he was a retired mechanic who could fix almost anything . i would see him outside working on his house or chopping firewood for his indoor heating furnace and wave hi to him or strike up a conversation almost everyday . although when i went outside to go to the store for my upcoming thanksgiving dinner he was sitting on a flat tree stump in front of his house with his head down looking at the ground . i thought he fell asleep as old people usually do at random times but this was different something was wrong . i up to him and his head was moving up and down in a swift motion almost like a lizard . hi chuck i said somberly . his head towards me and the surrounding forest quickly faded into a dark grainy color almost like static while my rung as if an explosion had burst my . he had a single cloudy tear roll down his cheek as his met mine and his gaze felt as if it was burning a hole through my brain to the back of my skull as i into his dark oversized . i t look away . . . and it felt like i was there for an hour looking into his . all of the sudden i could finally form a sentence i is everything ? i snapping away from his gaze as i towards the ground while stumbling back away from him . he said nothing but his were closed and moving erratically almost as if he was trying to form a word but he stood as still as a statue . i thought maybe he was a psychotic episode and was about to dial but as i for my phone in the same up beat soft and slightly raspy voice that chuck had i hey there neighbor have any for thanksgiving ? . i up and was the tear rolling down his cheek was gone his were back to normal and he had the same bright smile he always had . i t move . . . chuck are you ? . . . i he puzzled and yes sir right as rain ! as his confusion snapped back to his usual chipper attitude completely as to what i experienced . i t believe it his had a dark red bloodshot hue and were as watery as a faucet with the size of a dime and now they were completely normal . i thought i was loosing it but i thought maybe i t get enough sleep the night before and was just but that t explain what just . i quickly alright chuck well i i see you later as normally as i could . he in the same tone alright will do ! . it felt as though an hour had but when i checked my phone that was still in my with only less than a minute had . i felt tired and weak and towards my house my vision blurred and i barely remember opening my door and quickly passing out on my kitchen floor . i awoke quickly i rose up and felt as normal as before the ordeal . i around my house i left my front door open from when i in to collapse on the floor . it was freezing . i quickly shut the door and at the time . i left for the store at and thought that only a couple went by when i out but i at the date th . . . i had been asleep for nearly two days . i t come to grasp how i could sleep for so long until i i had to meet my family for thanksgiving dinner soon . i quickly got ready and headed out the door . the drive was only or so across a snowy mountain pass to get into the of the city where my family s house was . i brought a buffet s worth of food for the table and had it spread about in in my and was thinking about the great dinner i was about to have until my when i was driving i felt drowsy and t concentrate on the road in front of me . the wide that lead through the pass made my head spin . i had my fair share of car sickness as a but this t any bout of simple nausea . it felt as though my chest was sinking into the leather car seat underneath me . the wide forest road in front of me slowly grainy and dark similar to the background of chuck s gaze . i tried to focus on the road again but i t see the road i through the windshield and i t on the mountain pass . it was the main road of my town and i around my windshield until my gaze went to my rear view mirror . there were three people in my that my other . i at their and my ear with the same deafening ringing sound that i when chuck twisted his head toward me . their were black and out of their skull with blood dripping from them down to their . i t look away from their as each one was more terrifying from the last . their were open way bigger than humanly possible like the jaw of a snake and were making a groaning noise . i could only look at them as my neck was locked toward their as it felt like an eternity . i blinked and my were to the same road that i was driving on only prior to when everything went grainy . i had to pull over and catch my breath . i checked my back seat and i saw the same that i put in . i t think my brain felt like it was on fire and i had a splitting headache that radiated into my eye . i t know what to do . i quickly myself and continued down the road towards my family s house and t shake it off my mind . i up to the huge story building my family in which was more like a mansion than a house . i tried to shake what just on the road out of my head as i up the to the front door with in hand . i on the door and was to a than socially acceptable gathering of distant and close and i came in . music was while people were lining up to be seated and i made it just in time for dinner to start while i was my to the table . i sat down and to forget about my drive while food was being around . i engaged in conversation about the table and drank enough champagne to be more than for a safe drive home . the dinner was excellent and i t wish for a better place to be as the thought of what quickly faded from my mind . i out the window as the sun set on the mountain that shielded my town from the city and sat by the fireplace with a dessert that was around the table . so how was everyone s drive here ? i around the lump of people at the table . a lady who i t recognize quickly not as bad as yours . the entire table as confusion to overcome me . i around the table and back at her and with a confused grin i said what do you mean ? . as i to face everyone at the table the music faded away no one familiar to me . she at me as everyone s turned towards my spot at the table . . . they t my family . i froze and what i forgot about during the dinner quickly came back into my memory as everything to become grainy again . i that i t even remember driving to the house i was in . i back towards the woman and her were black with a smile too big for a human to have full of jagged sharp teeth that stuck out of her mouth . she her mouth and a deep demonic voice we are in your head . . . . we are in your house . . . we are in the lake . . . you cannot escape us . the that i thought were my family hysterically with a pitch that to the same demonic tone the woman had . i t move again as i saw of blood dripping onto my lap from my . the ringing in my more intense and violent than before and the around me to crawl towards me while their and their full of sharp jagged teeth . they bit into my flesh and the house around me into the same grainy surroundings that i was trapped in before . i tried to escape their grasp but more of flesh were being out of me from the jagged of teeth that were every inch of my body . i closed my as i fell onto the floor . the ringing in my ear stopped and the vacant of flesh that were torn from my body felt intact again . i my gasping for air and i was on my kitchen floor . i around and saw that the house that i was just in was my house at the lake . the front door was open and i at the time th . when i was younger i used to live in a town a farm town with around people in it . when you think of the countryside in the the image of my town would probably pop into your head . my home town was a very quiet town with spaced few and far between . nobody really knew each other really in my town and privacy was very . my house was a very nice house on the top of a small hill with a barn to the left and a long driveway leading to the garage . we had the most privacy out of them all being that our driveway was as long as a football field and goes right through a dense wheat field . this secluded living was the reason why i had few . me and my brother used to play and work throughout the day on our farm my brother was my best friend and pretty much my only friend through my childhood and i him dearly . one hot summer afternoon when we were football i had thrown the ball a bit too far and it ended up going into the wheat field . that s where another game into our . we decided to see who can find the ball first in the field . we dashed into the field laughing and yelling as we went . the field was very dense with wheat and hard to navigate in foresight this was a very stupid idea . i found the ball first but when i turned my back to call for my brother the ball . at that moment i had sworn that i had seen the ball but it simply t there . so i continued to look for it going and into the mass . after walking for what like i had found it again . when i turned to call for my brother again something large and powerful had me and me to the ground scratching my arms as it did . i i than i ever had before . and yet no one my that s when i out . i woke up later in my room standing facing my dark window . i do not know how i got there but now it was nearly pitch black out . confused i went outside into my bedroom hallway and the house was dim and quiet . the sound of quiet snoring into the hallway from my room . it was three in the morning now . at that moment i thought i must of the previous day and was sleep walking . i wide awake went to the front window facing the field . and i out for no reason it was like a force was just me to the window and wanting me to look out . when i out i saw nothing at first but the wind gently against the yellow wheat in the field but i was when i saw the wheat dividing in some until it the edge of the field . something large was moving through the field . once the movement stopped in the field a small human shaped head poked out of the edge and it to be facing me . now my morbid curiosity peaked and i to get a better look at the face its head out of the field in the moonlight . i ran quietly to the cabinet to grab my then i ran back to the window in time to see that the face had its head further out of the field its long crooked neck in the moonlight . i on its face with my just to be frozen in sheer terror when i saw its long crooked smile with its pale white skin and its large blood shot that were too big for its face . this thing had razor sharp teeth poking out of its smile and it was staring right at me . when i a foot it a foot . when i stepped back it stepped forward than the eye can see . as the adrenaline in my blood and as it to approach the house i to black out . but before i did it ran of in what felt like a second all the way to the window pressing its wretched face against it . that ' s where i finally out . i awoke again with a shovel in my hand digging a hole with my brother . confused i him how i got here and what we were doing . he at me confused and said what do you mean ? us to dig a hole for a new tree remember ? i was confused but i simply with oh sorry i forgot and we continued digging . my life felt like i was just skipping through time as if i was traveling through . i just kept on blacking out to pure horror and waking up doing something a day or two later . everything felt like a constant dream . though the i had with that creature were terror filled and horrific it never touched me once . it only ever got face to face with me or just away . it at me and stalked me in the night whilst merely and wandering in the day . the creature had a dark aura to it it felt like a million or falling off of a hundred foot cliff . just terror and fear . it like no one else ever it was there or let alone . no matter how obvious its presence was no one else it but me . never once had i seen more than its face and neck . never until the th time it had . it had been midnight when i waking me up from what to be a minute nap . the spoke in a deep rasp in an unfamiliar language . my body forced me to start walking to the front window facing the field . at first i saw nothing literal nothingness just pure black . but then when i blinked the darkness faded and once again i saw my moonlit field with wind blowing gently across the wheat . nothing but the wind and wheat but all of a sudden something small divided the until it got out of the field . a small human shape . i yet again went to get my . and when i returned and on the face of the figure . it was my brother wearing his . he was just staring at the house staring at me . it was and creepy . he just with a blank face . a face completely devoid of emotion like a generic human face . i was too busy being confused at what i was seeing to notice the humanoid face poking out of the wheat right behind my brother smiling and staring at me . i was frozen in fear like the last time i saw it . i felt as though i was going to blackout again when i saw it stand . it to grow in size as it stood but it t stand on . it stood on four gigantic skinny arms and . its face and neck were completely disproportionate to the rest of its body . it out a massive hand impossibly slow and my brother and him up like a toy . its smile grew ten times its original size and it its jaw like a black hole . everything about it was impossibly large . its mouth was devoid of all color it was pure black with a dark red substance dripping from it . its skin was smooth and snow white . ran and towards the window with me still frozen in shock . as it got close to the window its aura could be seen off of it . a massive darkness surrounding it . it was mere from the window its body taking up all of the eye can see . it had my brother in its mouth now its razor sharp teeth holding my brother in place . it stood still glaring me in the and a deep guttural laugh . its laugh was so impossibly deep and loud that it my entire body from out of the window . it its long skinny hand out towards me and it through the window and it gently rubbed my face . it its hand back through the window and it faster than the eye can see on all through the field and into the forest . i out soon after my terror faded and awoke to being at a funeral . i t know whose funeral until i around . people gave me funny or dirty for . it was my brother ' s funeral . when i found this news i broke inside . i thought the i experienced were just a dream . but it turns out that they t and i was the only person to know what truly . they found my brother ' s body in a clearing in the wheat field and blood strewn everywhere . he was found to have a large bloody smile onto his face . the police thought it was the work of an extremely violent serial killer or possibly a mauling . but what t make sense to them is how did he get out with no and the door locked from the inside . i never told them my side of the story . who would believe such a fever dream of a story ? it been since the incident and i still haven t mentally from it . the creature ' s wretched face still in my head its are burnt into my . i live alone now far from my childhood home and i have to hear coming from the distant late at night . and they sound like screeching from an unknown animal . last night surrounded my bedroom . and when i to my closet a familiar face its head out . i first in when i was at the age of thirteen in . at this age me and some went out in the that surrounded our little town . we were going to camp in a place we discovered a few before . this place was discovered by my friend when we were hide and seek . when we got there took his off and gave us some . i hope t find out about this said in his usual way . she won t find out about this if you keep your mouth shut this time . i did not mean for her to fi i interrupted and can you shut up ? pedro is right can we just get exploring and i am in no mood to hear your right now said in an tone . we the cave one by one . me then . thirty till we near an underground lake . wow ! like a little child . be quiet whispered . there might be . this was a lie because the cave was very small in height . and whispered fine . we set up our sleeping in a dry spot and a fire i know now how stupid that was with the possible gas in a cave and how the smoke had no place to go but hey we were not that bright . we were messing around with by splashing water on him which was making him . stop ! in the cave with his crybaby voice . chill man remember said while he was reading a book over on his sleeping bag . yeah . you know what i am leaving if you are going to be such . his stuff in his little tantrum . fine go home to your mo i interrupted no man we will stop . i then whispered to shut up he will tell his where we are . and said fine we want you to stay and we will quit . with glee and he to unpack his . a few after our arrival we were getting tired . was getting whiny that he to sleep . told him to shut up and go to sleep like . i can t sleep when you make noise . for clarification we were just around in the water . no gave up fine we will go to sleep . a few after me and got into bed and noise came from the water . pedro can you stopped . then came a scream of absolute terror . me and shot up and we turned our on to see running out the exit way of the cave . said in a voice that i have never from him before we got to go . his flashlight off the water to reveal a creature that was humanoid but with no but with scales and . we to run i know now we should have sat still because the creature was blind but hey we were not that bright back then leaving our behind . after a few of running over a sobbing . i then over which over me . we all got up besides the sobbing to the monster was chasing us . decided to go back to see why . thought it was stupid but i thought it would be cool . decided to stay with to keep him company . when we got back the fish man was still swimming around . it that it could not leave the water because it had . not only did it not have it did not have teeth . the creature had a beak . i went through s bag to find some to feed to the fish man . what are you doing ? with confusion . i read this in a book during science class i said . read what ? another question . i read about how certain fish have to eat vegetation how can he tell if it ' s or meat ? . maybe it vibration because might fall from the ceiling i definitely know the reason why it is an herbivore there is no fish in the water . i threw some in the water to see them get eaten as they did . we then our plus s and s and left . you might be wandering where we are today . well is still a crybaby and in his s basement . he is what you call an . to the big city and is working a dead end job with three and no wife . went off to college and studied to become an engineer which he a lot of money by doing . me ? i stayed in town till i was twenty three feeding those fish men . yes fish men there were more than one . one day an idea into my head to find more . i did not want these fish men to feel sad that i left them . i decided to tell my younger . they did not believe till i them . they were afraid at first till i fed the fish men to show they were . over the next few days i my said my and left . now i am a monster with a squad . i am not elite yet but i am to become one . i have found passive and fought hostile . about a week from today i my with my driver ' s after taking the road test . only to be back with a new car corolla . it was so it bought me to . i what are the . they told me if i keep up with school and start working sooner there are no and the vehicle is completely mine . for the mean time i still payed a amount for insurance . anyways my first thought was to hit up the and to go where ever the hell . ever since i ' watched abandoned exploration on i ' always to do it myself . never got the chance since i had no way to get there but look at my now snap my randy and my new car . they both setup a conference call and invite me . they both congratulate me and ask if he had any . i respond that i actually want to pick them up and take them to go find abandoned building with excitement they both heavily agree and i go on my way to pick both of them up . i ' m now posted up at the parking lot of a . we ordered food and with hope tried to think of any somewhat in a decently far distance from our home area . we would have it but it ' t work that way . property ' t listen or that been for obvious . we decided to call a friend we are familiar from . pothead . to smoke to avoid told us that there is an abandoned apartment complex . " it ' s a few from the . where not revealing . . . . . . after the highway . it ' s the route there . but last i hear was . nothing when i went with my . also it pretty bad . i suggest . up to you tho . " me and my all at each other not saying a word . very hesitant at first but then out the fact that i personally don ' t believe in . so since we already had the advantage randy said " it go . we ' t do anything anyways . we just explore " . in response " i agree . let ' s just go " . i pin pointed the address of the place and with path leading to a road between a big body of around it and a small path to a dead end . the weird part was that when i search it up i tried to look for the of the property but none to be . i make the turn away from the other from the incoming road . now we are heading towards the path between the . the only illumination now is coming from my . it was dark . pitch black road ahead with on the both sides of the path . quiet like space . my beam ahead and i notice another path turning left . but the road on going ahead . i proceed . the path going until my illuminate a big facility ahead what to look like . the glass all over the giant metal smoke on the and old metal rusty garage on the entrance . i idle the vehicle as we all talk about every single serial about the structure . eventually we hop out i made sure the vehicle was at a relevant distance in case we had to book it and approach the building . it ' s not that big it was about one third the size of a regular block from an urban area . " look . there ' s an exit door next to that garage . let ' s see if its " . approaching the door we notice that the door knob is missing . not minding anything about it since it ' s abandoned after all . it open and upon entering we are all with a very pungent and toxic smell . dip a shirt in bleach vinegar and mustard . then leave it in your closet for a day . is exactly what it smelt like . we continue to explore and we notice that there are these giant with lined up beside then in all over the wall . i " i ' m assuming this use to be a blacksmith hut ? or maybe soldier ? " randy " we would have smelled rust instead of what like a serial killer a body here and it been undiscovered . " . all of us proceed to the the end only to find another entrance but had no door . we only had our phone flash so it was still pretty hard to see . entering as all of us are quiet . i only hear the breath coming and out of mine and . the smell by the way . if you look closely at our phone from the side you can see dust and microscopic around the atmosphere . the room had but a vent in the ceiling across from each end of the room . it was a pretty big vent . it as if it was possible to crawl it . possibly leading else where inside the facility . now . from the ceiling to the floor of the room was about to in height . i ' m ' . randy is ' . and is ' . i thought of an idea . me " hey randy . why don ' t you give a boost to open the latch off and we can help each other out once one person it inside the vent ? " . randy " thats smart . non of us are fat so it ' s doable . " now over randy ' s shoulder . the latch and he to stick his in between the and pull it downward . " hold me tight in case since i ' m going to force this down " . randy " go for it " . it down and down the latch and a big bag you know the football use for their equipment for practice on both and randy . both on the floor whilst the bag is just there . it so horrible i rather die . it ' s very moist too . as if it ' s been puddle of water or something . " what the is in this bag ? ? " in aggravation . " dude it ' s wet and it " said randy . they both look at me and told me to zip it open . " hell no ! i you on a fun ride here and to get some food . maybe return the favor by one of you opening it instead of ? ! " randy " i ' m doing it since you both are a pair of tiny baby " . " now i ' open it bitch " . these two are now fighting over the bag yanking it on each end . i had to be the adult and them both and just open it to not waste good time . we all discover the remains of human . arms and with both and still attached . no torso or head . randy turns over against the nearest wall of the room and . does the same . i ' m . never been so brutally . let alone . the remains of their . i ' t tell if it was male female child elderly or not . my first instinct was to get us the out of there and home . we all out from the room in a frantic hurry . upon reaching the exit we notice that it ' s been blocked off by a giant metal bar across from these on each side of the door . we ' t completely locked since all we to do was lift up the metal bar . only thing was it was extremely heavy . not even randy or i could have done it since we were both the out of the two . " this ' t here before . i think we into a trap " . randy " well we can ' t freak out ? ! we get out of here now " . now all of us are . randy his to notify of is whereabouts in case we ' t find an exit . " this is going to sound like it ' s but we might have to go the vent to find another way out " . without hesitation we all proceed back to the room since we were all in a frantic to leave . that is until we hear loud band coming from the vent as if someone is crawling it . we see something furry peak out . an ear of some sort . like a set of giant bunny . we halt as we notice this and the guy girl wearing an easter bunny costume crawling out of the vent . it ' s white fur by the fresh blood and disturbing smile . what like an innocent child friendly costume instantly turned into some sort of horror movie killer like the not so nice easter bunny after all we are all now the out and pale like in fear . our first instinct was to run back to the exit and attempt to lift the bar again . this time . him as an extra person to pry over the bar and bust the door open . i ' m the last to leave . as people say it ' s never good too look back when running away from danger . but me being a stupid naive curious year old that i was did . the bunny down from the vent with a long machete . up . rushing over here with the machete on its left hand . the reason i would say that this saved my life is because it gave me and extra boost of adrenaline and made me dip to my car . my car a key feature where if i press the unlock button twice as i ' m of the car it turns on and unlocked all . i ' m already in the seat watching my haul ass over here . the bunny ' t too far behind . the minute they get inside i stomp on the pedal . ' t even wait for them to close the door . i peep the the mirror as the bunny in it ' s and turns back towards the direction for the building . " what just " stated . me and randy ' t respond left speechless after such a traumatic event . " we have to tell the " . i said . " if my find out about this i ' m never seeing the outside world again " said . " remember . you fought over the bag and i are better off opening up about this . it ' s for all of our safety . we saw it and ' t see it ' s face . we don ' t know who is it but it our . it ' s a deranged serial killer wearing a damn easter bunny costume . you don ' t here about this typically . we have no choice " . gave out a long sigh in sadness but ultimately the wise decision and agreed since we did interfere with the discovery . i take us to the nearest police station in the jurisdiction of the area . the cop advised me to go home . " don ' t worry about your . well take them home . for your safety i ' have an officer follow your vehicle home for now we will send a few to go investigate . we can ' t keep you on this situation regardless of the encounter . " said the officer . " i don ' t care . i just want to go home and try to sleep " i said . i ' m home now and the officer notified the incident to my . so on one hand i have both my take my car away for god how long for coming up with the bright idea of exploring abandoned . on the other i thought i was going to die but to survive with no . me and my ' t tell anyone else of this story . we ' t want to remind ourselves of it . did what i ' always to do and the tables turned quickly on all of my . ' t expect a murderer wearing a bunny costume to attempt to murder a few young . have you ever of the demon ' s shot game ? it ' s a simple game really but i swear you ' have the time of your life if you give it a try . just beware this game is not for the faint of heart so proceed with caution if you want to attempt a session . let me tell you how it works . so first off you ' need some stuff . do not worry nothing fancy here just regular that can be found in most . you will need salt a reasonable quantity a pin or a sharp knife vodka or any translucent strong alcohol shot glasses and a regular sized glass . last but not least you ' need some . you ' re not going to trick the demon into with you if you are alone . in fact you need precisely four . you better choose people you really trust however . i mean it people you really trust . you and your four should sit on the ground or around a table preferably round and draw a pentagram the salt to create the . the pentagram should be big enough that it ' s easy to distinguish which tip of the pentagram is " assigned " to each of you . something like or in diameter should do the trick . fill the with vodka and place one at each tip of the pentagram . in the middle of the pentagram fill the other glass with water and a lot of salt . by that i mean two water one third salt . do not go easy on the salt add more than not enough . lastly each of you should take the pin and use it to add a drop of your blood to your right neighbor ' s shot of vodka . i recommend that you play the demon ' s shot only in a private place ideally at night although that ' s not a requirement per se . you just have a better chance of it working that way . shut off anything that could be a distraction like television or radio before starting you ' need all your attention for this . when you are ready utter those simple in unison " demon demon do you dare ? play a game of demon ' s shot . on us five you can hop . " after the incantation drink your vodka shot in a single gulp . if a minute goes by and nothing that the demon the game better luck next time ! otherwise this is where the fun . the demon will attempt to possess one of you but some time is for it to properly take control of your body . while possessed you will be shown other feel what it is to be immortal have the clarity of mind of . it is the most potent drug you ' ever experience . that is what you are this game for . that moment when you escape mortality when you become more than human even if for only a short amount of time . the twist of the game is the demon can hop from one of you to another at any time . you have to communicate with your here let them know if you are riding the beast or not . it should be clear at all times which one of you is holding the demon . because when the demon finally which one will be the chosen one you have to be ready . when the demon to lock on one of you the possession will worsen . you ' likely have a massive headache blood may drip out of your nose you ' start hearing the demon ' s voice and . at that point you will have no more than ten to drink the demon ' s shot the salted water to expel the demon . wait too long and the demon will consume you . or whatever do . but most importantly do not try and drink the salted water too soon or else it will jump to another player which would be very bad to say the least . i have always won so i don ' t know exactly what when the demon the upper hand but i sure as hell do not want to know . i urge you to take a pass if you do not have reliable to play this with or if you do not trust yourself enough . so there it is ! like i said not for the faint of heart but it and any of that you can inject in your down . for those of you brave enough to dare the demon i ' m really eager to hear back about your . those are the kind of that may be worth dying for . this is the second part of our interview . you can read the first part here xb how many were running ? i ask . i know the answer but i need to hear her say it . it her a second to get the out . they re uncomfortable for her . disturbing . all of them she . it was like . . . an exodus of life . my heart my breath . all of it each detail of her story one thing . the callous man is coming . xb i take a breath and stand up from the chair my . my back like it s been crushed between two and sitting for any length of time always turns it into a pin cushion . still i t be happier . everything alright ? she . peachy . i pick up the and clear my throat . what after the flee the tree line ? she her mouth to speak but . her glance down to my open staring at the manila and the old water bottle filled with black fluid . why do you have that ? she her nose . its label is yellow . it like it s twenty old . what s that gunk inside ? i scowl kicking my closed . an experiment . it s nothing to concern yourself with . now then if you t mind i d like to hear what following the exodus . there s a moment of disdain between us . she like i m something from her and i feel like she s her nose in it t belong . thankfully it t last long and she her account . my name from the main area then she into the bedroom leaning against the doorway . she really shaken up . she if i saw all the taking off and i tell her i did . her are getting wide and i can tell she s throwing herself into another panic attack so i i tell her that they re probably just running from the storm . do you believe it ? i don t know . maybe ? it like the only logical reason but at the same time the whole scene felt so eerie . so wrong . she her water bottle and a drink . either way it s not like i m start feeding into s paranoia . one of us to be calm right ? i shrug . sure . you said the sun was setting when the animal s made a run for it . is it dark yet ? she . mostly . i mean the last of sunlight are just barely over the . the storm s making it worse . the are blocking a lot of the light . i get a move on with finishing setting up the tent and we set up this led lantern that brought . it weird . in what way ? the silence . she her head and then something . sorry that s the wrong word . it t silent . the wind is howling and the rain s coming down pretty hard but there s no of life . no no chattering . i don t even see any in the cabin despite a whole load of . i brush it off though . i keep telling myself one of us to be calm . so we close the bedroom door and settle ourselves into the tent . neither of us have much of an appetite so we eat a couple of protein for supper and pull out our . we don t talk . i don t even know if we actually read i know i don t . i stare at the but my mind s a million away too wrapped up in the feeling that something is wrong with this place . something s wrong with this scenario . she running a hand through her hair . i chalk it up to the darkness . always seem in the dark you know ? i nod . the dark always had a powerful effect on human . it it more difficult for us to see our and in my line of work easier for them to see you . it s a lose lose environment . unfortunately it s often a necessary one . you don t talk at all ? i ask sitting back down in my chair . not at first . after ten maybe twenty the silence . she if we should use my rescue beacon since it s getting pretty bad outside . i know that s not why she to use it though . not the real reason . i remind her that we can weather the storm in here and call for help in the morning once the storm . up her face like she s holding back a wave of . i manipulate her . i remind her my dad was during a botched search and rescue job all because some t exercise a little common sense . i study her . perhaps she s more cunning than i thought . naive though . still so naive . up . she we can call in the morning . i can tell she s and honestly so am i and i know what we re both thinking so i blurt out that there s no such thing as . i tell her we re . and we deal with this . it s a small thing full of disbelief and regret . i promise her we laugh about it in the morning . the woman s not bad with a story . i idly wonder how popular her is . unlike the gum in my mouth her have flavor . i dig in my jacket pocket and pull out my pack a fresh piece free . it s not a cigarette but it s the next best thing . famous last i say with a grim smile . what s think of your ? she she s fine with it at first . i think she might even be on board . she t want to spend the night than i do so anything that that fear a little smaller is a welcome distraction . and her expression goes blank . it like everything s going to be just fine like it ' s just another overnight hike . at least until we hear the outside . here we go . there s a sound like old wood straining under something s weight . it s hard to hear over the roaring wind but given of our mental it s practically unmissable . something s outside . the are slow gradual . whatever s out there is taking its time and both of us are frozen in fear . the lamp and turns it off and i suddenly realize just how dark it really is . it s pitch . i can barely see and she s sitting close enough that we re touching . it s just us the storm and the sound of now . i whisper to her that it s probably a deer or maybe a mountain lion or just some kind of animal looking for shelter from the storm . ' s are glazed her at the fabric of her jeans . she s lost in the memory . i don t believe it myself . something inside of me is rioting and telling me that we re not safe . we haven t been safe since the moment we into that cabin and we won t be safe until we re far away . still i take a breath . i repeat that stupid internal mantra that one of us needs to be an adult . one of us needs to be rational . so we wait . i whisper to her that all the are closed . no are going to get inside . we re safe . we re safe . i keep it like if i say it enough i start believing it too . i do my best to reassure her and stave off another panic attack . her water bottle and a quick swig . her grip it squeezing and the plastic . it works . maybe . i can t see her but i can t hear her either . she s not screaming . it s good . she . then i realize are bad . really bad . why ? we hear this sharp sound like rusty and we recognize it . it s the front door of the cabin . something it . the next second the sharp is by dull like heavy . the groan and we hear it whatever it is moving through the kitchen and into the main area . i remind myself to keep writing but it s hard . this is the moment i been waiting for the moment when i can finally determine whether or not she s actually the monster i been chasing my entire life . i m my can of bear mace to my chest and s whimpering beside me . i m hissing at her to be quiet to shut the up because i know that if whatever s out there us it s going to come in here . " she . neither of us move we just listen for the . thunder s outside and the weather s screaming through the busted window but somehow in spite of it all those are clear as day . i t tune them out if i tried . " her find the of her chair and she them . they scratch against the tattered wood . i pull the safety tab on my bear mace ready to blast something if that ' s what it . my arm and i feel her hand trembling her whole body is . something like piss and i realize it s her . she s losing it . the get closer . they re halfway through the living area now and they re approaching the bedroom door . whatever s out there is close enough that we can hear this snickering sound . like really fast short . . it t sound human but it t sound like any animal i either . it like a nightmare . i circle a box on my the sound as correct . according to more recent eyewitness the callous man before engaging with his prey . an evolution of his mythology . in my i recall only the screaming . talking . s squeezing my arm so hard that it . her are digging into me and i can feel her warm piss on the bottom of the tent it s soaking through my jeans but i don t care . i don t do a damn thing . i can t because as soon as i make a sound or a move those are going to get faster and something s going to open the bedroom door and then i don t know what . she talking . are forming in the of her and she her sweater sleeve and at them . can t take it though . she across me hissing at me to give her the rescue beacon . she s begging me to activate it and i m trying to get my hand over her mouth and shut her up but she s desperate and she s fighting me . the pick up their pace . they re walking toward us these heavy on the floor . i whisper to if we send the distress call the beacon s going to start . slip down her and at the concrete floor . there s something swimming in her and i think it s self loathing but i can t be sure . all i know is it s familiar . continue i say . hold of it . she at its buttons and it works . it . the signal s sent . s voice her quiver with the onset of her next . the bedroom door . it s this long drawn out screech and both of us freeze . it s just the rusty and the beacon . i want to scream . i want to run . i think we both do but we re too afraid . we re . she . i get my finger ready on the trigger of the bear mace . i don t want to use it inside . it probably us up just as bad as whatever s standing in the doorway but i m ready to if i have to . pass and all we hear is the beacon and the rain and thunder outside . then there s that snickering again . fast and raspy . it s by and now that it s in the room with us it big . the tent the whole room . it s dark enough that we can t see so much as a shadow through the canvas of the tent but soon we don t need to . the start circling us and then a finger to the wall of the tent and tracing around it . whatever it is it sniffing . softly at first then and with more intensity . i realize it t a man it s some kind of animal . it beastlike . feral and hungry . her her head in her . she a moment and . when she up again her are hollow . can t stand it . she . she to leave us alone . she we have a gun . she turns on the lantern and it to off go to hell die in a fire you name it . i m going to assume that t go over well . she her arm anxiously . i don t know . it like it went just fine . the thing left . excuse me ? i say lowering my onto my lap . it left ? that s it ? my hand my pen hard enough that my turn white . that can t be it . she t even get a look at the thing . it left the room in a quiet voice . it into the living area but then it stopped . it t leave the cabin . her voice . it . it until it t and then the real horror . xb x . this place can be a real bitch sometimes . but it s ten times worse when there is a power outage . this week been hell . from a fairy ex to a child hybrid that is stirring up an undead war it s made me wonder when i m ever going to catch a break . but the latest problem really was the icing on top of the cake . i was down in the gym talking with one of the an orc when the shortage . the entire room went dark and i told no one to move . the first thing i thought of was the force field that us safe from the outside world . was it down too ? a quick radio to told me no . we were still mostly safe . so then what was the cause of this problem ? can you keep everyone in here ? i as i used my smart phone to shine light on the creature that had been the space for leisure . the orc made a grunt and i ordered to meet me in the lobby . then a new problem itself . i was halfway down the hall the when i saw that we had a full moon and it hit me as to what might have . those were of moon madness . since i was already dealing with hostile a pack of angry feral was the last thing that i really . but when it it . i went to my office and my gun and a few silver . this time i t want to be unprepared . then i made for the generator . my hope was that it was just a few trying to play a prank . nothing serious . then i ran into a teenage in the lobby over a wood elf and to tear him to . i guess i should have for along the way . and a loaded revolver full of silver t do . i my teeth realizing that the power outage had likely a problem with the magic on the foliage . another reason i m anti magic half the time the don t work right . naturally i tried to reason with the tree monster first . maybe it was a misunderstanding . then i saw the elf was wearing that like they were made directly from his bark and i knew the source of the hostility . mister you have to help me the elf as i my way around to the east side of the lobby . the snatched him up with their before i could make a decision and to perform a on the poor creature . i probably only had a few to act before he was of all breath . my manor s first and most important rule is all the treat each other respect . and god damn it this week it like no one to follow through . i finally the north entrance and told the elf to on . stumbling in the half lobby it t easy to find what i was looking for . then i felt the glass case and my hand together to form a fist smashing it in and a hold of the axe inside . is that some kind of magic axe ? ? the elf said excitedly as i ran up and it against the s left foot . it s a tree dumb ass i said as i to chop . sweat rolled down my face as the and trying to swipe at me . one of its twisting at my back and i fell to the ground the axe sliding toward the front desk . then it picked me up and to twist its around me as well . damn it i don t have time for this i said as i out toward the and the howl of . my instinct about the full moon had been right . in a matter of the tree monster was squeezing the life out of both of us . i t really see much way out for me except by of digestion . i took one last gasp of air as the foliage to clog my throat . then a sharp massive bolt of metal through the s right eye and immediately it me . i to the floor and saw standing near the elevator holding a crossbow shouting for me to get the elf to safety . two times this week he saved my life i thought as i rushed toward the axe instead . i must be getting rusty . i it up and swinging again . the tree monster again trying to use what was left of its power to shoot up more from the ground below my lobby . i as i chopped hard and his bow . finally the monster lost its footing and to tumble down . it in front of me and i drew a sigh of relief turning to and telling him i need you to come with me to the generator . we left the writhing there as we stepped outside cold night air seemingly more dangerous than before . i m at least four my security chief told me as he loaded his bow again and i cocked my weapon . it was so quiet in the . the danger could be anywhere . you go east i told him as i the west wall and toward the generator . i could smell the piss . they were more feral then usual even with the full moon . something had really them up . then i a low growl come from behind me and i froze . i slowly turned to see a wolf pup with its hair standing up staring me down . it could easily tear me to but it t . was it trying to control its natural impulse ? then i that i knew this shapeshifter . it was the same hound that i had let eat that stranger . where are your ? i whispered . it t take long for me to find out . they both leapt from the roof of the generator right on top of me . but to my surprise they ' t here to protect their young . actually they were standing between me and the young pup . the father stood on his and something in that food they ate them up . i realizing that i t even thought to check the stranger for . what had they been doing here anyway ? they keep trying to destroy the force field until it them the mother agreed . the way they stood and faced their young i what was about to happen . this t a family squabble . they were going to kill it just to protect the entire manor . i back from the impending fight and the generator room listening as the went at each other and then calling on the again . remind me how to charge this thing i him . he me through it as i tried my best to ignore the strong from just beyond the shed . mentally i made a note to beef up security out here . then i the snapping of a spine by a yelp . i call you back i said as i outside and a gulp of air . the young wolf had his two . and was now up with his other who also the same red as the first . they said together in unison . something about the way they a memory to prickle in the back of my brain . i felt cold and sweaty . but i raised my gun and fired at them anyway . at the same time was there tossing me the crossbow and rushing toward the . the first one fell easily but it was a bloody mess . into a bat and distracted the second as i loaded the bow . aiming it i said a prayer that it would work and felt the mighty weapon push me back as it fired . then my vampire security chief the final wolf up and him from the sky . he hit the ground with a bone crushing smash . my lord i think i might need to get a raise after all this nonsense as he checked the to make sure they were all deceased . i hurried back and finished the to restart the generator . then i watched as the force field and the power came back on . what is this ? as he over and took out what like a small round device that had been in one of the wolf s mouth . i it and felt my stomach get hollow again . i it immediately and knew what the source of all my had been . it all connected . i need you to get all the security team out here and make sure this area is safe i ordered him as i slipped the device in my and ran inside . i could feel my heart beating out of my chest not only with fear but rage . i had foolishly let this trap spring right in front of my just because of a pretty face i thought . well now it was time for to tell me the truth . i t bother knocking this time i used my manager key and her door shouting when were you going to tell me that the were a full scale attack on me ? ! the room was quiet . then i a trail of blood . i slowly toward the bedroom and felt my world turned upside down as i saw there clinging to life . what the ? i . she up a little blood and my hand too tired to talk . i realizing the child was gone . and so was that spell book she had foolishly brought in here . like i have to keep you alive a little longer so i can chastise you i thought as i up the manor s physician . . how soon can you break free of your ? other yet to be told will be found here work as a janitor at the local catholic elementary middle school i went to as a and weird stuff been going down ever since i got there . i figured i could write down everything here as a way to keep . the school i work at is one of those catholic church on the property of a big cathedral . construction on the building was finished sometime in the s s but the school it s self and the church have for far longer . of the here is really outdated and literally live inside the school . not in a separate building but on the highest level of the building above all the . used to really freak me out as a them there always watching . in the wise of my grandma just because their t mean their nice . i work the night shift here from am to am nights a week . i working there at the beginning of last year before all this corona virus went down . i had just out of college and my were on the verge of kicking me out so i knew i had to get a job . lucky for me this place was . they to like me well enough and after i told them i went to the school they were even more enthusiastic . my first few were good once my sleep schedule . the pay was decent and the money coming in kept my off my back . i had one a security guard who s somewhere in his late s . even though he a bit of a tool him occasionally mock me through the set out through the school made the whole thing less creepy . the dude would spend all night in his little office thing smoking weed and watching of . how the hell he t been fired yet i never know as he it in the vent and that smell . that s enough explaining let s get to the good stuff . the spooky t really start until i was about a month in it was around in the morning and i was cleaning the kitchen when i a crash so loud i nearly myself . i and turned in the direction of the noise only to see that the mountain of donated canned goods had . i towards it to see or maybe a rat or something but instead a nun got up from the and out the kitchen in the direction of the staircase to their level . i was understandably out thinking there was a serial killer or something so i decided to complain to the desk the next morning . they just sort of waved it off so i went home and forgot about it well for the most part . looking back i should have how weird it was that she was in full uniform again it was am and there was no way she got into the kitchen and in the without me . that that a fully dressed nun was just in the dark kitchen at am . i have no idea how that t set off more red to me . well after that i becoming more aware of my surroundings and i to notice shutting that i could have sworn i left open cleaning ever so slightly and in the between when one song in my ended and another one quite . i assumed it was just with me so i him about it but he just and shook his head . i went to the front desk again and the lady there and said they would look into it . i considered but then got an inexplicable pay raise . it was amazing i could move out of my place and get my own little apartment . it was a ridiculous sum of money but i t . i think the incident though was when and i were to come to the church on a evening to discuss some for the job . why they t us this i t know . i assumed they just to know who had been smoking and was about to be out of a job however when i got there i was to find this t the case . we got there and the moment we stepped inside on either side of us and us into the building . they took us to tiny little side chapel that i can only assume is used for . inside there were at least a dozen and a handful of . now i don t really know how the works as i spend most of religion being a distraction to other but by the these were pretty important . the guy who somewhere in the area of for one of the to bring fourth a bowl of water with which he quickly did the sign of the cross on each of our . there was something in that dimly lit room that i t like and from the look of it neither did . it was cold in that place to the point where i was shivering and everyone in that room with the exception of and myself had the same look of anticipation . the old priest guy then told us about the to our job . i give you a run down of what the he said . i know you are both men of god will be more that happy to make certain um to your work . from now on the hall with the tapestry of the lamb and the lion is strictly off you know the one ? we both as is this basement and any room with with a black painted door . i know you have that some of our have taken to up ignore it when your both finished your ring the bell on the and leave immediately you don t have to stay until just whenever your done . once you leave the building don t come back until the next night and you have off no will be made to your pay and if you can follow these you can expect a generous bonus at the end of the year for your compliance and understanding . god bless . it was at this moment i turned to he just as confused as i felt . i know your probably tell me to quit but i m a college dropout with massive student debt and from what i gather t much better off . they were already paying us an incredible amount and hey less work now . plus a bonus it s to good to pass up . as we were the cathedral one of the younger came running up to us here she said take these and by god whenever your in that school or wear them ! the young woman was holding two . i took it from her and immediately felt a pang of dread . what the hell is going on here ? um thanks i said not knowing what else to do . but of course she said with a rather strained smile just please please wear these i know it s strange but please . you got ! it said giving her a toothy grin . she and turned long auburn of hair falling into her face from behind the veil and ran back to the cathedral . not bad eh said me in the chest . not bad at all i at him in disgust before turning away and walking back to my bus stop crucifix now in the pocket of my brown coat . i t know what that all meant and i still don t but not long after the all got shut down . i be back in work real soon . i m take the redhead nun s advice and wear this thing but it me feel uneasy . i still haven t out the possibility that this is some elaborate prank by till next time . black is an understandably and expectedly stressful time for those in retail . whether you re out on the floor essentially and or working in the the excess of freight and doing the nightmarish logistical work you re always busy always rushed . i had the latter set of . i was on the freight team of a store a rather popular globally chain and each truck was appropriately large . we d sometimes even get two trucks in a day each bearing of no less than one fifteen hundred . luckily due to the importance on the merchandise off loaded and to the floor and staged we rarely had to actually stock that duty was almost always left to those who worked entirely on the floor . my team simply had to get the product off the truck onto the proper and out to them . in addition to the seasonal and supplemental of our regular stock we also unloaded the which depending on the item in question were loaded on the same truck as the general merchandise . these customer specific were appropriately and handled with as much special care as we could allow for in our haste . i never on our for what we offer exclusively versus in store but i assume the selection is much more varied . oftentimes we d bring out something that i t ever spotted on the floor and branded with the same applied to the the in store . our black technically in the week at}{