time . at first i t say nothing . their kind never answer anyways . but i t never been good at silence . my skin crawl all jittery like . think that s why i to by the . never quiet there . so whats waiting for me over at the rising sun ? i smile as i ask . its what me and a few would call the good or the bad on your feel . the that made you feel like god all powerful and with enough money in your lap to hide your excitement as some sexy lass at your ear . same where you d crash hard harder than anything else hard enough that you don t even feel your broken arm when security you out cause your in so many you sure it t ever going back together . and then your there in your own piss and stench trying to find the energy to crawl into the road and end this catastrophe while wondering why . why t you just take your winnings and go ? it always one more game but it never is ? i had a million that night . a million . owner of the house came out me . he waved the dealer off and . double or nothing ? the monster . i was hot hot off a win throat burning from a fireball flush at the touch of impossibly soft . should have said no . but if i m anything but who i am . and who i am is a gambler . listen . the only way to win is not to play . drink nothing he you . eat nothing as well . it will only dull you to reality . he can only take what you willingly give . give nothing . and do not speak of this exchange the dealer entity s voice me back . we re standing in front of a large ornate door but its not attached to anything . they re looking down at me staring something fierce . what s your name ? don t know why i ask but it comes to mind . important . i am . i must leave now . i have another to retrieve . heed my or do not but share not what i have given you . they pull away as they speak but i grab their arm . or try to . like a real thick fog almost water but not quite . thank ya . good fellow . thinking back there t no reason for me to go through that door i mean no reason at all . i knew the devil was sitting there just waiting for me . then there was the dealer s warning . if my gut don t drop even now thinking of em told me the game was . i just had to keep . i that door to the palace of sin . men and strutting about some carrying of whose very appearance made my mouth water . freely on satin furniture as they strange from intricate glasses . despite the resounding bell that when i open the door none of them notice me . or if they do they don t show it going about their business completely . i stepped forward . a hand heavy on my shoulder from behind . a man where the door once was . welcome . we been waiting for you . his stern tone combined with the forceful way he me towards a table it clear i have no choice . he s the only one dressed in such a business like way in a room of lace and well his modestly suit is off . well ah sir guess i should be saying it s an honor . but where am i ? and who re you ? the man me firmly in a plush armchair . you re in a casino . my casino . and we re going to gamble now t we ? my lack of response to upset him . i have something you want . i feel it in my gut . i don t like this man . me of the fellow that used to spit at me when i slept off avenue . sir i t a wanting man . don t need nothing don t want nothing . he and open palm onto the table spreading a mess of as he does . you play . and i do too . i suggest you make yourself comfortable . take a drink . grab a snack . figure out if you d rather live again or go to heaven . or maybe something else . whatever you want . i just want your afterlife . your loyalty and servitude . your choice of game . said the only way to win is not to play . but someone to win every now and then . no one would play if not . i can be the one . i have to be the one . i don t want nothing . but i tell you what . i play a game of blackjack with you . you win and you get whatever it is you want . i win you do a friend of mine a favor . deal ? there t nothing for me in life and heaven never too sweet . but i know a soul needing salvation . the fellow blinks hard a few times but . a drink to seal it ? no sir i know better than that i don t know how else to phrase it but that certainly t the right way . fine . i tell you what i want if i win . the name of the fool who ruined my game . so play you lucky . . where once there were now we are alone . a dim lime light above us . the man he t no man . he s a beast with and fur and the like . i in it s at least two of the myriad that his flesh and knew i t have a chance in hell . but i still . with something that t mine . and i lost and i broke a promise that for once i intended to keep . i tell this tale to you as i tell it to who wander the wasteland . maybe you listen cause i know for damn sure they don t . i don t wish this feeling on nobody this pain and ache and sadness . i t content with this limbo no more . i worry bout every moment . worry bout what the devil did to em . don t make my mistake . i t learn in life and i t learn in death . i only learned when it was too late . don t play the odds . not once not ever . the house will put its in you and never let go . but if you do if you gamble at the grand casino and you find yourself on a winning streak see if you can set free . i don t know what that monster did to them . i am a female . when i was eleven old i decided it would be a good idea to roam the behind my house and see if i could find anything cool . like an old boat abandoned cabin weird shaped . the first time i went out i a short path that ran alongside a little above a stream . the path ended at a pine tree with a circle of surrounding it . so i down to the stream and alongside it climbing over and . i a large crash behind me and basically out of my skin . i turned quickly to see what the made that noise . a bird than me and my combined i ' m ' and she ' s ' had sat a top a fallen tree that i had over and the tree in . the best way to describe the bird is by taking a common kestrel falcon ' s pattern and slapping the coloring on to a massive crow . holy was that thing big . i at the top of my i don ' t have a high scream and i was deep in the . i booked the out of there ran along the stream and up a pine tree scraping my right leg slightly on my way . however i nothing of the of . i poked my head out from the slowly in fear of would sweep by and make a snack out of my head and it was gone ! the only evidence it had ever was the tree and a giant light gray feather about five from that tree . somehow the bird either flew away silent as a dog whistle to or it just entirely . no chance in hell was i down from there . i in that tree for a solid thirty until my . i slowly down the tree and off my jacket at the bottom . i lay the jacket on the ground in front of a small fallen branch and sat on it leaning against the branch . i my everything for about twenty thinking about what in the i ' d just upon . leaping at the of sound i carefully made my way back home going around the branch . hell yeah i that feather . it was as real as i was . if i was real . when i got home i the feather behind me nearly impossible considering the size . my and her at me funny as i was covered in dirt leaves sweat and like i ' d ran a marathon . felt like it ! they went back to their and i tiredly up the leading to my room . you bet to hell i over onto my bed and off my . my cat at me . i swear to god can see everything . i ' t want any more to do with whatever the he ' had just . i the feather under my bed and went right to sleep . i ' t going back out there for a while . part coming out tomorrow probably . rain lapped at the tinted of the . i over head against it looking out at the that lined the road occasional of lightning lit the road ahead . my back felt restless aching with the need to move . we had been in the car for at this point . the woman driving the had long brown hair streaked with grey . faint had themselves into her brow and under her . she a phone off the mounted holder in the dashboard . you feel like your ? she . i . we re almost at a rest stop . she put the phone back in the mount . up ahead four pin pricks of light illuminated a small brick building in the distance . as the car i could see it had parking leading off of it street were at all four of the lot . which was a good thing because the rain had picked up made it all but impossible to see . it was so dark that it almost that anything not in the head t exist . gravel under the of the the sudden change from concrete to loose gravel the car . the u haul that my dad was driving went on . my mother the car under one of the lots . my hand was on the latch to open the door almost before the car was fully stopped . i in relief as i my . somewhere beyond this place was my new home . it to me that through this whole moving process that i t know where we were going . i mean i knew we were moving because my dad got a job offer to work at some newspaper in his in rural west and that my was also a job in the adjacent area . but i never once what the town was . i at the wall of the brick building eager to find some sign of where we were going . so when i t find anything i to the edge of the canopy gazing out at the darkness shrouded forest . lightning and the sky so that for the second it almost like day . one thing stuck out to me along the road that we had just off there was a simple wooden sign . it was almost five high and it said in a tidy scrawl welcome to the most town in the i won t bore you with the process of moving in but let s just say it was really boring . so after a week and a half of doing nothing but moving from u haul and car to the house i was happy to get some time to myself . even if that time was just walking around my new town . something that very obvious very quickly is that the entire town is a tourist trap . as i around the cluster of that was the unofficial town proper i noted that half if not more of them were designed to sell paranormal related merchandise . from going inside one of these i discovered that the quaint little town of had the most known of any in the u . s . and was the capital of the world as i along the building lined sidewalk passing the i if everyone actually in the paranormal like they put on or if it s just to attract . i t even notice i was lost until my foot over a rock and i . i around to find some sort of semi familiar landmark . a wrought iron fence stood to my left side beyond i could see stone poking up out of the ground . a cemetery . ten ahead stood a gate swinging on its unlocked . i toward it my hand tracing a line down the cool iron . where the what i originally thought was just a by product of the welding were actually small inlaid in the metal . the interior of the graveyard was similar to the outside . pale green grass that almost yellow stood sickly still from the harsh winter that was just on the brink of ending . stone and marble stood as if some giant being had thrown and scattered a bunch of like die . a very morbid game of roulette . the was tinged red i should probably turned around but something me forward . as i along the path before my the to get older and more decrepit . sickly colored crept up and over the consuming them like the earth the body of the grave holder . i knelt down in front of one of the better . victor west i said aloud . eighteen ninety to nineteen thirty seven i it off as best i could and set off back to my new home . but before i could a black shape dashed through the never quite coming into view . i at the sudden noise and crouched the tombstone looming above me . and it stayed silent so i worked up the courage to look over the stone . nothing . i and cursed myself for being so dumb it was probably just an animal or something . yeah an animal . but as i back toward the gate i tried to convince myself that the figure i saw t walking on two the school building was smaller than i was used to but the loud crowd was pretty much the same . the bell above the doorway to class t finished ringing before the entire class was out and in the hall . it was mid day at this point . sunlight through the high arched that lined the hall . tall metal lined the right side . that for school spirit and for the school that lined the left were between the some large and small . other classes that were just out added to the small flood of leaving so that the hall was filled with rambunctious and loud teens . i was being along with the current of . some were able to escape down side and into but i had this trek in the very middle and was at the mercy of the crowd . until it funneled out into the lunchroom . and of plastic tables filled the room . to the left was the line where the lunch lady was waiting to scoop something that vaguely food . straight ahead were more these than the in the hall . the room was large enough that people could spread out and i some personal space . i got a plastic tray and got some not food and for somewhere to sit . when i finally found a mostly empty table and to eat a group of people over . there were about four of them each dressed in what could be " urban clothes " but i could tell that they all came from with money . you could tell by the way they at everything with the absolute confidence that no matter what i m always going to be above you they at everything like they it even if they were dressed in stylishly ragged clothing . the one at the head of the group took another step forward . well well well he said . he was thin and had long hair framing a sharp face . his were so brown that they almost black . you must be new . he finished . i could sense trouble coming but i anyway and said . and you must be the bully coming to pick on the new ? scattered laughter . he . what did you just say to me ? look i m really not in the mood to do this so let ' s just skip ahead . i on the bench to face him and put my pointer down on the side of my face in an attempt to imitate long hair . hey this is my school . i said in a basso almost passable imitation of the bully s voice . i raised my someone . oh mister bully please don t hurt me . i turned back to my food . and then you ask for my lunch money or something . more laughter . what did you just say to me . . . he toward me in a manner that violence but over a pink shoe . i d get moving if i were you . said the owner of the shoe nonchalantly . like she up at me one eyebrow raised . today . so i made my way back to the hall . it was much more pleasant without all the hyper active teens me in the . right as i turned the corner i the lunch room door fly open and the rapid squeak of running on the linoleum floor . i figured that the bathroom was the best place to stay until he down . i the door quietly . black in white checkered patterned the floor gave way to white glossy with age . light grey lined the wall to my right . i in slowly that my pursuer might have thought to look for me here . i shut the door as quietly as i could and was met with a very odd smell . it took me a few to identify said smell as weed . hello ? i . oh oh oh the voice and off . the handicap stall and a scrawny teen came out . he had a mop of black hair his thinly pointed face was dotted with acne . his were hidden behind thick rimmed glasses giving them the appearance of being much than they actually were . and to top the look off he was wearing a star tee . hi his voice was high and nasally . i arched an eyebrow at him . i don t suppose you were just admiring your yellow crayon collection ? please don t tell his face was and his voice . i made a soothing gesture . i just transferred from new jersey and believe me . people were doing much much worse stuff in the . he in relief . thanks man he out a hand then it back awkwardly scratching the nape of his neck . my name s . i put my in my . mine s . let me guess he said stone ? if that s the be then yeah . he shook his head . he s the worst . agreed . then added . he s not looking for you is he ? i and he went white again . oh . well he to leave . it was nice meeting you but he ran out of the room before he could finish his sentence . i my . . my name is time and school continued as usual . until i was in the hall just leaving biology . the school day was finally over . were milling around in the hall trying and failing to not look eager to leave when i someone behind me yell " hey ! and the squeaking pitter patter of running pounding on the hard floor . ! i dashed through the crowd . we were near the front entrance so i ran out . i down the flight of brick that led into the building two at a time . the noise of running behind me never faded but from the squeaking linoleum to the damped sound of solid brick . three were already at the base of the cutting me off from escape . he must have sent them to guard the front entrance assuming that i would exit that way . the people getting ready to leave turned to watch the exciting event unfolding in front of them . i could see it now . " new student by the school bully live on pay per view ' is it too late to apologize ? i said hopelessly " what ' s wrong ? " said a wicked gleam in his eye . he down the last two around at the watching and . " no one ' s going to be coming to your rescue this time . . . " his spread out around me forming a loose half circle standing just far apart from each other to keep me from getting through . like it s just be you and me he finished . i back at him only just realizing that he was a foot taller than me . well i m and i hate to tell you this but i don t swing that way . he stopped his slow approach . what ? then he and ever so witty you little . it s not you i to think . oh wait it s definitely you . now you may ask why i m egging on the bully who is about to beat me up . my old school t the place and i got picked on pretty often . it t that i was really super it was more to do with the fact that i t really super anything . i was just an easy target . sure i enjoy a good book video game or superhero blockbuster but i t advertise it . so i t considered a geek . i m too skinny or just too uninterested to play sports so i t considered a jock . and while i know that i m an incarnate other people were of a different opinion so i t just popular because i was attractive . and while you might read that and think oh my god this he s so quirky because he t fit in . and you ' re wrong . it s miserable not fitting in . living like that for fifteen taught me that the best way to go about being picked on is to avoid confrontation altogether . and the best way to go about that is to make the person who s to bully just red vision nostril flaring angry . getting them so mad that their only thought is in blocky must punch annoying man and then carefully move around him and run away . you may call me a coward but i really don t care . honest to god and me like a bull a bull fighter . i and at the last possible second to the side . he clearly t expect that . he ran straight into one of the . i to run back up the stone but s hand out and my leg . the momentum carried me forward fast . i brought my arm to shield my face and hit the . it hurt . like a lot . i could feel my skin being away from my forearm but i ' t think it broke . before i could recover he me in the . i felt a hand reach down and grab me by the scruff of my shirt . the next thing i knew me over . he me in the face . you know before i was just hurt you a little bit . to teach you a lesson . he back and hit me again . it would hurt of course . he me forward and my head against the . but then you just had to go and snark off to me then he in closer and no one with me he back to punch but by now i had enough that i thought to bring up my knee hard in the place that no man to be or kneed . he fell back in pain stumbling and knocking down two of the . i forced myself up despite my current state and made to leave . goon number three made to grab me but i brought up my un injured arm and in an act that even myself him in the face . i don ' t know if he was just by what had with stone or if i just could punch harder than i thought i could but he went down ran . i ran hard and far and t stop until my foot got caught on a familiar stone . i had a strong suspicion of where i was and it was confirmed when i around at the stone scattered wasteland beyond the heavy metal gate . i stood up stumbling slightly . i used the metal gate for support until i could stand . i was still from the beating i had taken from stone and tired i along the of people long dead . i stopped in front of the one in sight and laid down on the side opposite the gate the left side of my face flush with the coolness of the ground hidden from sight . i was just so tired . my intention was to only close my for a second but i must dozed off because when i them again the sun was setting . still the motivation to get up and head home i just laid there open when i people talking . don t think it s like that mel . said an exasperated male voice . i m telling you the map say s the last known location was near cemetery not in it . a female voice . besides she continued . even if it took someone nearby it might be in the immediate area . i to hear approaching crunching the autumn leaves between the stone . holy the had me . i saw a pair of pink stop in front of me . i up and saw the girl from the cafeteria the one who . she to be about my age with a heart shaped face and that almost covered her . she had a beanie with various and buttons worn over curling medium length brown hair and blue that at me somehow manage to appear both concerned and . seeing her without the stress of accidentally tripping the school bully but i was only just how objectively pretty she was . not that it or anything but i t help but stare into her deep blue the slight splash of around her nose and her you look like . she said breaking me out of my beating induced trace . yeah beating induced . . . i m guessing stone caught up to you ? i closed my tiredly . yeah . the cool autumn air felt good against my swollen knot on my cheek . ! the boy i assumed was said excitedly . he had some sort of device in one hand . it like an old school cell phone . it s got a signal ! he was about the same age as the girl with a mediterranean complexion and the color of tree bark . he angled the device and it almost like he was trying to get his with a compass . it must have shown him something because he to almost run toward whatever the device was showing him before he me on the ground beat to a pulp . oh he said . sorry s fine . i as i got to my . he out his hand . i took it . he at the girl beside him . and this ray of sunshine is . elbowed him in the . shut up she said half half playful . now where did it pick up the signal ? said turning with the device again . about thirty eight from the southwest entrance . a small out of a pocket in her jacket . let ' s go ! they set off . out of reflexive instinct i them . they t seem to care but i as we got closer that their becoming more silent . i suit . um i said quietly . what are you looking for . turned toward me her still careful and said there s been a surge of and teens going missing . eight in the last three . she stepped over a branch . we re trying to find what s taking them . stepped in . one of the a boy pierce on his way home from school . he was last seen near the cemetery . i kept pace . i was doing mental gymnastics to avoid coming to the concussion they were trying to imply . so i said slowly . you think a creature is taking the ? i tried not to just laugh outright . they back at me sober . . you don t believe us ? i t say that i . though i did . she . it s the southern wall to the cemetery was growing ever closer . and . but a monster ? i over a fallen branch . a monster ? . believe me . the longer you live in this town the more de to weirdness you become . a few ago i was with my family in the and came across a boat . not a small row boat but an honest to god yacht just in the . a monster ' t out of the for a town like i stopped walking but only for a second . my curiosity my dignity . i just don t know . i mean even if the last time i was here i saw i off . they both stopped walking and turned toward me . spoke first . did you see something ? i mean i think it was an animal . i said lamely . but you saw something ? continued . i just thought it was a weird deer weird why ? and said at the same time . i was just i tried to find a way to explain it in a way that made me sound not crazy . it like spit it out interrupted . i tried not to shudder at the word of s taunting . from the place i was standing i almost like it was walking on two i suddenly very self conscious . over and . maybe we should brought that baseball bat he said quietly . oh don t get all cat now on me . she said with a grin . but i she was gripping the very tightly her white . besides she at me . balboa over there will handle it for us . i and hoped the on my face my blushing . then i pointed at the device in s hand . what s that ? he it up excited . i think he had been waiting for me to ask . it s a device i made to detect . . . then went on to explain how the machine worked . it was hard to follow . i m not ashamed to admit that i have no clue how it works but there were a lot of s and plasma . long story short it s supposed to track the monster . . . . the base sample was taken from the first victim it was some sort of unknown that the police . i like i had some understanding of how it worked . . neat . i said lamely . . don t worry i don t understand it either . we had the far wall it over us . beyond it was heavy . between the time of day and the thick it was all but impossible to see . into her jacket again and out two . she handed one to before she back at me . oh she said . i only brought two she her jacket anyway searching for another purely for show . sorry . it s fine . i think i might i my out a small plastic . it was a plastic rectangle with the caption on one side and a square button on the other . i it and a dim beam of light shot out for about two ahead of me . i at them what ? i got from every state we through . i shook the . i also got a stuffed bear that like benjamin franklin in . we hopped the fence and i only caught my belt loop on it once . my flashlight while technically it was functional was just barely . but when we came upon a small clearing it was the first to catch the scarlet on the ground . is that i said stepping back . stepped up beside me . like it i my too dim flashlight around the area . broken lay scattered on the ground than just a random trig they must have come from higher up in the tree but my light t reach high enough . the all had deep scratching in the brack like deer . its blood confirmed . i don t know how he did and i don t want to . i took a step back . then another and another until i was back at the fence . i was leaning against it with my forehead against the . i felt like throwing up . i felt a hand touch my shoulder . you ? it was . . i to mumble without vomiting was out of the now as well . we hopped the fence . i probably need to get home i said tiredly . . well then it was nice meeting you she off . you never said your name . it s . . we the front gate of the cemetery . maybe we see you around sometime said . that depend on if all of your led to of blood i half . well if you ever want to find us he into a pocket and out a map of the town tore off a piece of the corner and wrote something on it . we sometimes out here . i pocketed the note . noted . then we went our separate ways . i stood in a large misty flat . smooth stone into the distance as far as i could see blurred by a purple mist . and slightly dotted the ground but that was it . i out my voice weirdly . no response . a blur of motion caught the corner of my eye but whatever it was retracted into the mist . hello ? i out again . anyone ? the motion again dotted the edge of my vision . i turned faster trying to catch it . at yet another attempt to see this mystery blur i sat on the ground and fell through the world to a landscape of dark green . i stood there shaken at the sudden and intense motion . i was standing in the middle of a forest . it ancient with towering and thick shrubbery . one tree was than the rest . it had dark grey bark and was big enough that i t wrap my arms around it . as i toward it i something in the wood . an oddly shaped circle surrounded by three twisting that tapered off the farther from the not sphere they got . i now stood barely four from the tree . i out to touch the symbol an unconscious action . when a drop of water fell on my wrist . i up to find that the sky was completely black the moon and hidden by rolling storm . rain now fell heavy and hard . i twisted around looking at the sky through the clearing when yellow lightning illuminated the sky striking the weird tree . the blast me back and away from the tree . i felt sticks and leaves crunch under my back opening my all i could bright light . an after effect of the bright flash . when i could see again i saw that everything was gone . everything but the tree . the tree was a husk . and ash lazily down the scorched bark still . i had never seen a tree struck by lightning before but this too burnt too . but the thing that struck me than the too burnt tree was that the symbol was glowing . with a golden amber light . slowly getting and and i sat upright in bed slick with sweat . after realizing i was no longer in the weird empty plain i sank back into my bed the oddness of the dream already leaving my awake mind . but before sleep could take me the tornado siren that is my alarm clock . i downstairs and sat at the kitchen table . my were both around it trying to get ready for work and eat the food in front of them . covered on my nose and chin . under my left eye was a deep shade of purple and the entirety of my lower arm was covered on gaze . if they anything they t say . i the cemetery on my way to school taking an extra fifteen just to not walk by it . at school i ate lunch in a side hall between and science a bar i snuck from the kitchen . though the chance of seeing again was tempting i t want to risk another run in with . besides i had conflicting about the whole paranormal research thing . and were nice enough but that really was blood on the ground there was no doubt about that but a monster ? maybe they were by the town s mentality of supernatural interest . or maybe the mentality was there for a reason i up the metal plastic of the wrapper and it in the trash . school was pretty much the same as the day before . boring repetitive boring uninspiring boring . it would have gone by faster if i t constantly looking over my shoulder for stone . i almost got i saw him a few times but he t seem to notice me . so when i was walking down the stone and a voice say there he is ! you understand the pure frustration i felt . of course he t make his move in the school day . between the faculty and other he might get caught . and being rich he might even get a slap on the wrist . i ran . i turned left and right then left again trying to lose them in the maze of suburbia that lined the of the school zone . when i a block with three diverging from it i ran right . i had hoped i had lost them but when i was on the corner of s and i could still hear the sound of running . they must have split up in an attempt to keep following me . i that i was heading toward the cemetery . this i . so impersonal . i don t i breathed again . even know your name . i slightly on the uneven ground . i just call you brock that like a bully s name . you he but being exhausted from running came out more like a hoarse whisper . ? i m i for air . quaking in my stylish yet affordable boots . the stone and metal wall of cemetery came into view . before we the gate i took a running jump and took a hard left darting through the open gate and into the jumble of beyond . the goon t and i him trip over the stone in front of it . before he got up i ran into a row of and hoped he t see . i laid there panting for a while my breath . a hand over the tombstone and the back of the shirt me up and over it . well well well brock said vindictively . you really thought you could hide from me ? he and us both to the ground . no one with us ! he my head against the ground . no one . he and and me until it was all i could do to keep from vomiting . it just got to be too much enough ! i . it felt like i had been struck by lightning starting in my chest then spreading out through my body . i felt electricity running in my . not stopping there a sphere of force expanded out and throwing him back . i lay there and motionless staring at him . he had been thrown almost twenty . what had ? did i ? before i could process it fully the goon to get up . i drunkenly to my a tombstone to help my balance and ran . ran to the one place my half dazed mind could think of the clearing . when i finally the far wall he was already back on his and coming after me . as i was climbing the fence i how dark it was in the forest . so as i the ground i searching my frantically for my flashlight . i movement on the other side . a heavy grunt of effort told me that the goon was climbing the fence so i had to run . as i through the the effort of running from the school to the cemetery to the finally caught up with me and i fell . my felt like rubber and my head twice so . so with the last feeble energy left in my body i over to a dark on dark shape that i assumed was a tree and hoped that either brock just t find me or had given up . into the space . the ragged sound of heavy breathing was loud and clear in the almost silence that filled the area before . where are you ? he . do you really think you can hide from me ? a bitter laugh rang out and he took another step forward . i knew he had no idea that i was so close and that he was just that i would hear but it was all i could do to fight the urge to run . regardless of if i could actually do it or not . another step forward . he was now almost opposite to me . i will make sure that you never he let out what could only be a muffled cry . there was a sudden single noise . like the sound something when really fast . and a large branch broke on the other side of the space . a jarring sound set against the gentle hum and chirping that you would expect to find in a forest . when the crack rang out they all went silent . i my breath . the only noise left in the newly soundless was the rhythmic bang bang bang of my heart in my chest . something was digging into my left leg . i for it as silently as i could . i still ' t see but i the shape in my hand it was my flashlight . i must have it when i was ever so calmly leaving the clearing yesterday . i stayed silent . a new sound the symphony of silence a quiet unpatterned tearing noise . i the small plastic flashlight in my hand . if i could see my i m sure they would have been white . i took a deep breath and the button . now i could sit and tell you what the light illuminated but i m not sure you would fully comprehend the horror that i felt against the tree in the dark on that day . i could describe the fresh of scarlet gore scattered around the clearing the smell of blood thick and metallic in the air along with the stench of rotten meat but you t really smell it . i could describe the hulking figure opposite to me colored a dark muddy brown with slender and much like a deer s that out almost as long as it was tall and was it tall . nine at least . with piercing the same red color as the crimson on the forest floor but you t really see it . i could describe the nameless goon s lifeless body in its gaunt . as i watched it the creature bent its head down and took a large bite out of the space between his neck and shoulder the unpatterned tearing as i had it . but you well i m sure you get the idea . i lay there silent in horror at the scene unfolding in front of me when it finally in my direction . it said voice grating and deep i usually wait a day or two before i feed but it and absentmindedly took another bite out of the corpse ' s shoulder and a terrible smile . i just ' t help myself it s teeth if you the blood and gunk s of flesh caught between them completely normal . something that horrible t have teeth like that i thought numbly . were supposed to have sharp pointy teeth or something not normal human teeth the creature kept its gaze on me still smiling with too normal teeth . it cocked it s head . you re smaller than i thought you d be it said . but no matter . master will still have his fun it the goon ' s lifeless corpse and walking toward me . stop . i said that i could say anything at all . it stopped . in the silence that i said go . it took another step forward this time the motion heavy and sluggish . fine . it . it s not worth it it took yet another step forward as if to show that even though it would be difficult it could still reach me and do well i don t want to think of what it could do to me . yet and it turned away up the corpse in a casual way that that he was just doing something normal and repetitive and not carrying a lifeless body away most likely to eat . it away slowly leaving the all too dim seaming flashlight beam and me behind . panting i ran along the concrete sidewalk heading toward a two story brick building near the center of town . i down at the torn scrap of paper tightly in my hand and at the address written on it . i along the side of it and up a heavy metal staircase . i on the door on the second floor . it . stood on the other side . well well well . i was beginning wondering if you d even show up she off seeing the expression on my face . what wrong ? then she my newly blooded appearance . again ? yeah . then thought . well no . but also yes . is even a word ? i . she made a gesture . slow . down . use small . i took a deep breath . i need your help . she and stepped aside . come on in . i did . xb xb to keep up with the story click my sister mary back into the house it ' t sit well with my . she had out on her own for a year and in that time had to blow every single penny at a casino . she she would move out again " once she was back on her " but after eight of her living with us there to be little hope of her leaving any time soon . my and dad were desperate . they set up they forced her to job shadow anything to get her a job . she was twenty seven old and my were too old to be looking after her all the time . at my young age of thirteen i ' t able to move out but i being a nuisance . every day mary would leave the house normally very early in the morning . she would be gone all day . the only time i ' d see my sister were at dinnertime and that was it . after that she would disappear into her room until she left again the next morning . mary to be spending all this time " " and " searching for " but we all knew the truth she was going to her ' s place . none of us had seen for a long time as they never came over but she would post of them to her social media almost every day . they would be sitting on a bench at the park or on a chair at the pool or standing on the beach . in the standing mary was always supporting . he was leaning on her arms around her . i learned to disregard her as most of them were the same . however i did notice that she had astonishing of on her . for some reason i never to picture my sister as " popular " but it was a little strange seeing the of of and she had . a few times i to listen in on what mary was doing in her room . i never anything interesting just the of her breathing and the on her being . during the day when she ' t there i ' t go into her room as it was on the opposite side of our house from mine . on the rare occasion that i did happen to glance into her room i ' t notice anything of interest just some empty chip on the floor and several of her and her framed on her desk and . i suppose i should tell you why i ' m i ' m explaining this to you . well i never thought much of any of her behavior until four o ' clock one morning when i was by the sound of the door . it was unusual for me to be by this . for one i ' m a deep sleeper and on top of that the door is on the complete opposite side of my house from where i sleep . i slowly sat up rubbing the sleep from my . i checked the clock . am . i . thinking i could catch a glimpse of my sister i out of bed and down the hallway that through our house . as i the front door i a soft glow from mary ' s room . i over at the window next to our door . no sign of mary . i ' t intend to snoop . i was just on turning off her for her . but as i up to her bed i that she had left open her project page . i thought about her social media and it made sense that she would touch up her before posting them . the thought came to me that this was what she spent all her time doing during the day holding a with her and the at night . curiosity me and i was suddenly to look at some of her . what harm could it do ? they were just a few she had taken of her and and all she was doing were little basic like color correcting and touching up little . recently become somewhat interested in photography myself i figured looking through some of her would be a learning experience for me . so i sat down on her bed and her computer in my lap . i on the first one the most recently project titled " park . " as i for the file to load i took a look around her room . most of it lay shrouded in darkness . i could see a on the wall parallel to myself and on the floor a pile of trash . on the bed next to me lay a dirty duffel back . it was closed up but the smell coming from it told me i ' t open it . the whole room a foul stench a combination of food and mildew on the . i ' t plan on spending a whole lot of time in her room just a minute or so me to take a peek at the image . eventually the file loaded fully . i at the picture . it was a shot of mary and in some park ' s arms wrapped around her as if she were supporting him . at a glance the picture was rather normal . there ' t appear to be anyone in the background just a dirt path that into a patch of behind them . they both had almost unnaturally wide on to their . it like a normal picture . that was before i to analyze . actually half of him completely normal . from the waist down no could be seen just a pair of up jeans and a generic pair of tennis . the colors good and there ' t look to be any . i that mary was working on before she was forced to leave as he was half done . the disturbing part was his upper half . if i in very much at all i to see it . an blemish . an enormous bloodstain . it soaked his shirt almost entirely . from a distance you might think it was just the color of his shirt . but once you at it you knew exactly what it was . i ' t know where so much blood could have come from . was he wounded ? did he hurt someone or something ? was it just my imagination on me ? after all it was quite early and i had just up . perhaps my were messing with me making me imagine something in the picture that ' t really there . that was what i thought at least until i his face . it too was in blood . not as much of it but still very noticeable . it was also in what like mud or dirt . his were sunken in and his hair which from other to be flowing full and blonde was now stringy and more like the color of soiled milk than anything else . but none of that was as disturbing as the . they were cold lifeless as if he were staring off into space . from mary ' s finished to have bright blue cheery and full of life . but here they were less saturated more dead than alive . they were a milky white color glazed over in a way that made him look like a zombie . mary herself to be fine . she ' t perfect in the picture the colors ' t as good as they normally were and there were a few scuff on her jeans . i was certain that she ' t done any to herself yet . i to believe that this was all fake just a creepy job . but it ' t anywhere near and it all too strange too unfinished . she was clearly trying to hide ' s with . i only had a few of my sister ' s and most of them were fuzzy at best . it had been since he ' d come to our house . the memory i had of was of him showing me a camera drone that he had just bought . i feeling somewhat envious as i ' t have anything like that . i remember begging him to let me fly it and i accidentally it into a tree . it got a little dent and was furious . after that i could recall anything else but i could sill remember his appearance . he truly did have luscious blonde hair . his were full and rosy not sunken and . his were crystal blue and not a milky white . i out of park and up one beach . again only partly finished . the bloodstain was less pronounced but still obvious . his face was cold and lifeless . then another memory came to me one that i had completely forgotten . i the morning paper . i was reading through the wondering if anyone i knew had . i came across one . at the time i to believe it was true . but now i know it was . west age . mysteriously . they had found his body in a somewhere in town and had buried him in the local cemetery after a fairly informal funeral . the police that he had been beaten to death but they ' t sure what with . there was also no evidence as to the killer themselves . it was all a mystery . now looking around the room more menacing . suddenly the room smelled like . i could even see small on the that could easily be mistaken for ketchup . i the closed and took a few deep . there had to be a rational explanation for all of this . maybe it was a different that i ' d seen in the . maybe it was my overactive imagination that me to see those . every possible situation flew through my head at the speed of light but none of them were right . i knew it . i don ' t know how i knew but my mind ' t on me and that was definitely the same exact that was in the . that was my sister ' s dead . it made so much sense now her strange behavior the way she to be supporting him in all the . . . . he was dead . but that arose a more nightmarish question . who had him ? had my sister dug him up out of his grave or did she kill him so that she could keep doing those ? then the silence that the room was . i the sound of the door slowly swinging open on its . a few soft along with the of my sister saying " i can ' t believe i forgot the ! " in a moment of sheer panic i dove under the bed . i hoped that mary would just grab her and leave . then maybe i could run for help and tell someone about this . as i further under the bed my leg with something . a shovel . covered in dirt and blood . i . my sister quietly into the room . the only thing i could see of her were her . they slowly and deliberately to the bed where she her . then she it . mary on a few her password . then i watched as she on the ground in a fury . " i know i ' t open that . who on earth been with my ? " her voice was enraged full of absolute hate . she off out the room but i ' t sure exactly which direction she went . after a few i prepared my escape plan . i would crawl out the room into the laundry room and out through the laundry room window . after that i could hide out until daybreak when i could tell and dad . as i myself to make my exit i took another look around the room . now that i knew about my sister the whole room more menacing . then i them . coming back up the hall . i froze . now what ? what if she found me ? i stayed where i was listening to her rapid advance . as she the room i stopped breathing . from the position i was in i could see that she was holding something . a garbage bag . i watched in complete terror as she bent down slowly . her face soon parallel with mine as she straight in her face . mary ' s expression was a look of complete insanity . a mix of joy and anger . my sister was truly mad . i ' t move . i ' t breathe . i ' t scream . but then something strange . something i can only describe as a miracle . mary ' s swiveled around slowly examining the area under her bed . i buried my face in the shag rug wondering if she had actually seen me . she out . i my shut . there was no possible way that she ' t seen me . her hand continued to extend past me and toward the shovel . she it and it out from under the bed . it brushed against the back of my shirt as it was out . i carefully turned my head to see my sister stroking the shovel and saying " it ' s time to see again ! " with that she turned and the room . part part part part hey everyone ! i got some feedback on my first post and did some research . actually got back to me this morning . as before are still extremely bizarre and i can ' t think of any plausible explanation beyond what ' s going on . a comment on my last post her how the customs guy to her passport . i brought up the possibility that she might have ended up in another reality or dimension . the same user also brought up which i did some research into and learned that a man in the ' s up in japan and his passport stated he was from the following day he and was never seen again . i to bring it up with . once again i only have it word for word if we said it in the text conversation . i won ' t have verbatim text any time either of us respond with a regular snap i . e . a picture . my first text how ' s everything ? my double text about later since she ' t and i was concerned tell me you ' re alive . we ' celebrate ! she this morning at around am us . i saw it at around am and then . her hey ! i am indeed alive ! laughing guess . more strange ? she within . her solid guess . believe it or not the people actually talk to me now ! their are so cute . oii me that ' s good . an extrovert like you needs at least of good a day . her yeah . i was on the phone with the room service people . i ' m so they come and drop off the . dinner actually really good ! at this point i ' t brought up the fact that last night it was impossible for the it to be dark outside for both of us her being in " " and me being in the us . but i she said dinner so that directed my curiosity elsewhere . i subtly oh completely forgot we ' re different time . dark there already ? her yeah ! got dark like an hour ago . sunset was beautiful ! that part confused me . if the sun was now setting it had been daytime there while i was asleep . how did the day night cycle correct itself ? i ' t bring it up . i was in the kitchen and making breakfast so i sent a picture of my plate and what was for dinner . she sent me a picture of some kind of platter a fruit cup and a canned drink all in a tray sitting on her bedside table . she told me she ' t see the room service guy but him through the door that dinner was off right outside her door . i saying that it good and the topic back to her confirming that more " strange " had that day . she with a picture of the glass door to the balcony telling me that she had seen the large whale like again when she woke up early and that she ' d only slept for like . i by what she did for most of yesterday and she said she between reading ' s from and animal crossing on her switch . she then made an addendum with text i also made with my neighbor in the way . she loudly through the wall and she me laugh so she said " oh dear pardon me " and i back even several laughing what ' s your neighbor like ? her her name ' s . we ' been through the wall every now and then . she ' s been here about a week now so she which of the food are bad me oh you haven ' t actually met her yet ? her we out here just in our . better this way i might get her sick or vice . at this point i what some of the people from my last post so i brought it up . me hey since the people are talking to you now have you the name " " at all ? or seen it like on or ? her ? i don ' t think so . what ' s that ? me it ' s a country . last time we i some people on for like an explanation for all the weird you were seeing . they said you might have ended up in . her where that is . is it near ? maybe me where it is either but it might be near you might have ended up there . random question do you remember how the customs guy to your passport ? her he ' t . he was staring straight at me and it without looking down . me do you remember seeing anything unusual before you took off from ? her are these dude ? laughing . me hey just making sure you ' t end up on or something . shrug . her yah i strapping a rocket to my plane laughing . me oh now i know you have good she sent me a snap video of her trump ' s hand and voice saying how she had the " " in the world and how nobody was better than her at looking . the next few of our conversation were just political banter and i ' leave it out . eventually she left me hanging and i had to take care of some anyway . few later so around am she sent me a snap saying she could see the again . i for a picture and she sent me a shot of the landscape from her balcony but i ' t make out anything beyond the since her camera ' t good enough . i told her i ' t see what them and she sent me a link to this picture in text chat saying it like that . i ' never seen any that shape or size so i ' t and still don ' t know what to make of it . i she ask about the to which she said she already had but ' t recognize them either . i more about and found out that she ' s an woman home from japan after visiting her daughter . innocent enough . then sent me a text have you ever read a book one last night with ? here ' s the thing i did a quick search for the title and i could not find a single match . i had thought maybe " " was a misspelling of " " since they ' d be pronounced the same way but no for that either . me no i haven ' t . author ? her i ' m ask her a few later she she said i did a search for and i found nothing significant to me only from and ago . nothing about an author . searching " author " and " one last night with " gave me nothing either . me ' t find anything on it . why ' d she recommend ? her we got to talking about our . she ' s read a lot of before but most of her except for some king . ' s about spirituality or something me you ' t strike me as the spiritual type . her i ' m not but she ' s really sweet so might take a look . someone knocking . at that point it was close to and it was a lazy day for me so i put my phone down to watch some . around the time of the minute mark in the show she me again . her i ' m again . me ? who ? her i it like after they and nobody was there . it ' s a long hall so like they must have ass to not be seen . me did you hear someone running away ? ding dong ditch in a hotel . her did not hear anything ! ! i all the way down the hall to the and ' t find anyone . so i went down to the lobby and it was empty too ! me people don ' t just chill in hotel her no they dont but they also dont leave their stuff out there me ? her all that . like they just left their stuff and dipped . i some happening in another room but ' t find where they were coming me something ' s definitely up don ' t you think ? her definitely but what . i on the wall and is in tho . she said not to worry and now she went to bed i think . almost midnight . me what ' s your plan if it turns out and now you ' re in a parallel universe ? thinking good one . maybe try and negotiate w the ? or sneak on to a plane going out ? ? i saw that as my chance to tell her some of the advice i got from this sub so i took it have salt sage and a lighter handy . i hear it with . also i ' d keep my open for anything strange that ' s been following me since home that ' s what me here . her thats wild . what have you been reading ? me paranormal advice . not a skeptic like you . her chief no more ghost talk going to bed early tonight . as of her last text it was around meaning it would have been am where she was . from there i left her hanging . i explaining the situation because i ' t want her to freak out . but here are some i from our conversation today . i have no idea why but i ' m very suspicious of . so far i only know that she ' s some faceless random that ' s been talking to through a wall . according to ' s of their she ' s polite and intelligent . she might know more saw the again and sent me a picture similar to what the she saw like . one last night with by . i ' t find anything on this book . checked with bing and and no . the book ' t seem to exist . perhaps some are under different in other ? i don ' t know if there ' s a way to check that . might be a pen name but something should have come up for me . someone on her door and into thin air in the it took for her to get to the door . something i only after writing all this down is that never physically people . she only their . what this i ' m still not sure of . so this is my second update of the situation . if any more or people who have see this please leave a comment of your take on what ' s happening because i quite frankly don ' t know . update when i was a my family and i would sometimes go to chuck e . cheese . when we were there i obviously had fun . when we went to chuck e . cheese though when we in it felt as if there were not only my parent s watching me play and talk . as if there was something looking at me that was inhumane or not human . every night after we went there i would always hear a light laugh as if made by that inhumane thing . the last time i went to a chuck e . cheese was with my own but still of the night that made me refuse to go to a chuck e . cheese . that day we went to the s pizza place and arcade and i once again felt that inhumane look on me . this time it was like it felt a more urge to stare . the pizza came and as i ate i watched the perform for the since at the time i was and probably was the last time i was here with my . i watched the and but i more on the since the were all the same and but mostly joyful . i from the right of the stage to the left . when i got to the left of the stage i saw the mascot of the place chuck e . cheese . of course i had seen him only about a million times . when i at it it was staring right at me . i was out but t say anything to my as they t believe that an was looking directly at me . they would probably say something like they re it s their job to look around the room . after i ate i some more arcade and my and got a big stuffed bear i was going to make this last visit count . we got home and i laid my bear on my bed . we ate took watched a couple of and went to bed . i laid my head down on the stuffed bear and went to sleep . i was by a weird sort of laugh . a high one that made me jump out of my dream . i got out of bed and around nothing was there . i out of my window and i saw a tall and dark silhouette standing by my s car . it to the side so i could see it s profile and it its jaw and i the laugh again . a thought my mind . that s chuck e . cheese ! i t shake the thought that what i was seeing was chuck e . cheese . once again i the laugh . i blinked and it . i t sleep that night . i tried to tell my that morning but to no avail . now i sit here in that same place watching that same there for over . we my son s and surprisingly enough he got the same thing i did . a big stuffed bear . that night i the same laugh again . i out into my driveway and there it was that silhouette only laughing harder than before . i woke up that morning to eat breakfast when i my son t come to breakfast . i figured he got up early to take the bus to school . i came back from work to find my son t at the house i checked everywhere in the house . i even the . nothing . i went to the pizza place again and there i saw a red streak at the edge of the mascot s mouth . i fell to my in the middle of chuck e . cheese all the while i that high laugh ringing in my witch her long pointy nose and let out a croaky sigh that like several dying . then she spoke in a thousand year old voice . " child . do you know the fable of the farmer and the cow ? no i said bouncing my knee nervously . i just to get this over with . it goes as . once there was a farmer who grew so lonely that he his cow . my knee higher as i for her to go on . she t . and ? and nothing child . every day that man had to look at himself in the mirror with the understanding that he was a cow . once you something you cannot go back and it . do you understand ? i was starting to worry that my knee was going to fly off my body and hit the ceiling . yes i said pushing my coke bottle glasses up against my . they were always slipping down my nose . i was naturally oily plus brett had snapped them in half one day after gym class and they were together with tape and t quite fit right . " be careful what you wish for . that sort of thing right ? nothing i figured could be worse than my current existence as a hopelessly awkward and endlessly punchable . on the social order i was lower even than a cow by the on a daily basis and ruthlessly by all of the pretty popular . even the other were afraid to be seen with me so i t have a single real life friend . it really and i was desperate to change my situation at any cost . i want to do it i said . please . the witch suddenly shot a scarred gnarled hand across the table and my wrist . it me so much that my leg stopped bouncing and grew warm and wet with the contents of my bladder . she my arm onto the table and with her other hand four across my flesh . i in pain and sobbing . still holding my wrist with one hand the witch her other one which was now dripping with my blood into a jar and out a toad . she brought it up to her mouth bit off its head and spat the head out like a man a cigar for an afternoon smoke . then she the headless toad into my open wounds neck first and rubbed it around . the witch out an incantation in . being a i understood it perfectly . she said dark one hear my plea . turn this pathetic loser into a ruthless winner . then she me and again . it is done child . my heart for you . but remember no . the next morning i got up early and at my face in the mirror . what a mess i . i shaved my . i every blackhead then dug through my mother s stuff and my face . i used some whitening on my teeth . i found my contact in the closet . they hurt like hell which is why i t wear them ever but suddenly the pain worth it . stop being a pussy i told myself . when i was done i had another look in the mirror . not great i said . but better . i decided to walk to school that day even though it was three away . the school bus was for . i so that i a few before the morning bell rang . i t give a about being late the thought used to terrify me i just people to see the new me . brett was the first to see me coming down the hall . he burst out laughing . aw ! got himself all up ! that was his name for me . his snickering . aw ! he s so . i stopped walking a few from brett . had to get up brett i said smiling . your me to . her in the back of your jeep after first period . a hush fell upon the hallway . brett s face grew redder than a lobster and from his neck as he his . somebody . that s right brett i said . give you a new baby brother or sister . guess that kind of me your dad now huh ? i had been by brett of times and had never forward to it but something about this time was different . a lot about it was different . for one i t afraid . i felt that i d rather not get hit but if i did then i did . and the other thing was that i had never seen brett so incredibly enraged before . it was a beautiful thing that i had done . i bit my lip as brett threw his to the ground . he pointed a meaty finger at me . you re done he said and he . without fear blotting out my mind i that brett was not a very imaginative guy . i in anticipation of a wide right hook and that s exactly what he . where usually it connected with my head brett s fist now into the locker to his left . there was a terrible crunch . ! brett . i was in a perfect position to swing my elbow into his stomach . i d never struck another living thing but now i did so gloriously . ! brett doubled over and i had had so much fun the first time i elbowed him that i brought another one to bear on the back of his head . he to the floor chin first . you he through a bloodied mouth . but he t get up . what s that brett ? i . you re going to kiss me ? no thanks . i m saving myself for your . then i turned around and away feeling the gaze of at my back . at lunch i my regular light salad and skim milk for a and with coke . i sat as usual alone at my table in the corner . i felt that was the smart move . let them come to me . play it cool . and it worked . a few in none other than herself came and stood across the table from me . was the most popular and without a doubt the sophomore in school . hey she said . can i sit here ? i . she set her tray down and over the table . can i tell you a secret ? sure i said . i think brett s an . i took a gulp of coke and set the can down . can t argue with you there . do you want to know something else ? you can tell me anything you see fit i said . whatever s on your mind . well i want you to know that i m sorry . i m sorry that i in with all the teasing and stuff . that s not who i am . i just you know . somebody s doing something and you go along with it . they done like psychological proving that that s how people act . so i to apologize . it s fine i said smiling . i t even notice really . and i d like to make it up to you . what do you think ? this was outside of the range of anything that had ever to me but i pretended i knew what i was doing . sure . let s take a walk . down to the football field . alright . we stood up and across the cafeteria together knowing that half the people there had their on us . i a glance over at brett s table . they were all looking very sullen . brett himself was staring at his tray of food poking around at it with a fork . his lip was swollen and he did not look happy at all . then we were outside walking to the football field . we t say anything . i felt in my stomach but that was nothing to what i would have been like before my visit to the witch . i would never have been walking side by side with but if i had somehow found myself in that position i d probably have direct medical attention . then we were under the . she over and me . it was my first kiss and made me light up with pleasure and desire . before very long i was getting something that i had never actually thought i would ever get my first . it was the best thing that had ever in my life . when she was done she stood up and . there s a get together at s tonight she said . we can go all the way if you want . just bring a . i had no idea where s house was but i t about to ask for . i d figure it out . sure i said it cool and feeling happier than i ' d ever been . s were loaded and it was easy to find their address if you knew where to look . and had absolutely no social life and living primarily through the i knew where to look . my own both worked early in the morning and went to bed around . i until they were asleep then slipped the to my s off the hook . i d never driven before in my life so decided to take the less expensive car in case i got in an accident though frankly they were both pretty . i somehow to make it there to the ritzy part of town where lived . i stopped off for a box of on the way there giddy with excitement . i a few away so that nobody would see the rust bucket i d in . i d never been to a party before and in my imagination i thought there d be the driveway and music and and party out into the front lawn . but that t the case at all . the few that were there were neatly parallel along the sidewalk and the of the house t have been quieter . must be a pretty exclusive party i thought as i rang the bell . white the door . we t know if you d come ! she said . we re so happy that you did ! yeah i said stepping in . me too . follow me into the living room ! i did and when i got there the scene was not at all what i . five or six of the most popular from school were sitting in various on wine chatting . that was a little more subdued than i had but it t what was strange . what was strange was that there were a dozen or so also lounging around and red liquid around in their glasses while they discourse . two of them who i supposed to be husband and wife distraught and were staring off into empty space . i t get a chance to make sense of it all before leapt up from a couch and ran over to me . you came ! she wrapping me in a hug . then whispered in my ear and you re going to come again tonight . i felt dizzy and . i had known that i would need to learn the ropes of social a bit but this was all a little much . just in time ! said getting up from his chair and pouring a glass of wine from a bottle at the liquor cabinet . it s him ? ! said the male portion of the distraught couple . this is the boy who my son ? shut up said a lady from the other side of the room . maybe if you ' d learned to shut up more you t have to see this . oh so it s my fault ? ! this sad guy leaning forward . as if . he was silenced when his wife put her hand on his shoulder . i m sure what to say is that this hot head of brett s is also responsible for two state . will anyone deny it ? for our part we won t deny that brett s temper its fair share of . the question is does the bad outweigh the considerable good ? rather that s the first question . the greater question is what he ever done ? she spat that he out like somebody had put a dog turd in her mouth and she pointed at me when she said it . he beat the out of your loser son said . that s what he did . the room fell silent . i had no idea what was going on other than that i t like it at all . i could be at home d d i thought . i could be at home off . i could be at home doing literally anything other than what s happening right now whatever that is . handed me the glass of wine . well ? he said . tell us what you think about brett . my mind shut off and my mouth . brett ? there s nothing to him . it s a pretty basic case of what penis envy . the room in laughter . everybody except for brett s in the mirth . they both hung their even lower than before . the man sobbing and the woman away from him on the couch a little bit and then also sobbing . is there any doubt then ? a gray haired man in a very expensive looking suit . bring him in ! a door swung open and i saw the backside of a butler wheeling a in . brett was strapped to that with a ball gag stuffed in his mouth and was struggling desperately and futilely against his . all yours boss said now me a gleaming knife . " go right for the heart if you can . it better for everybody . " they me to kill brett i . ! no . no way . absolutely not . i m going to you so hard tonight whispered in my ear . these people are insane i thought . god i have to get out of here ! i turned the knife over in my hand as the butler brought brett directly in front of me . he was staring up at me with wide that said so much . they said " i ' m sorry . please don ' t do this . i ' m just a child . if i could take it all back i would . but i know i can ' t because you can ' t a cow . but i am begging you don ' t kill me . " my heart was away in my chest in jagged struggling to keep up . just get it over with already said brett s . the same i had about that day . there s no way out i with horror as i around the room at the cruel eager . if i don t do it then it s me on that hospital bed . i the knife up high with a trembling hand and brought it home . the doorbell rang at am but no was there . so a little back story . i suffer from bad sleep paralysis or night you name it most of the time it s usually a fight for my soul and the devil taunting me about the inevitable that await me and to just give in . . . but tonight i had an out of body experience following some strange real life . i finally fell asleep after watching tiger king for the th time because i it t trigger . the . i fell asleep and woke up hovering over myself which never before and just said here we go . it was the feeling in the world everything the same but it t . i t help but examine myself like i really look like that sleeping ? anyway so back to everything is the same but it s like in black and white and very gloomy and the feeling of dread and doom like the feeling of never being happy again . one of my biggest is someone breaking in so before i go to bed i check the and and make sure everything is locked but here all the and are blown open literal leaves are blowing in and it s super windy so i m running around scrambling to close all of them and then i feel it . . . . something is watching me and it is something big . i feeling whatever that something was it was coming to swallow me whole . i ran back into my room and locked the door behind me and ran to myself sleeping and to myself to wake up literally slapping myself in panic as i felt whatever malevolent darkness coming to eat me whole breathing on my neck . it was slowly devouring whatever double world outside of my bedroom door . i shot up like i stopped breathing during sleep and tried to catch my breath . i thought . well lucky for me it s a rare occasion that i get two sleep paralysis in a night after that i usually just don t dream and just sleep . well so i thought . . . eventually after some movie on i myself into sleep and as soon as i closed my i was sitting in an old office covered floor to ceiling in there were piled high everywhere . the light above the desk was buzzing and flickering and the smell . . . it was like a crusty old ass office that smelled like moth mildew and old yellow page . there was a obese man sitting at the desk in a white button down and suspenders and he the desk . i m and look at him and he look i m going to be straight with you do you really think you can run ? ? ? ? staring at me a smile on his and he you can t run the got your soul and then laughing with his head back and mouth wide open hysterically and just laughing . i just stare back mouth open in horror . this is another dream . so because this is a normal occurrence once i realize it s sleep paralysis or something along those i snap my like a tick to wake me up . i screaming and snapping my to wake up . again i was up and breathing heavy . it s only am . i turn over and try to fall back asleep . i about something stupid nothing crazy still a little up but nothing close to what just . the doorbell through the house and me up groaning because i finally just fell asleep i look at my clock and it is am very and very confused as to who the is ringing my doorbell at this hour i get up and walk out into the kitchen . walking towards the door i realize i left the window in the living room open last night for my cat who to perch in it but also where i can see outside and onto the porch without to open the door . now as a single female and a fear of getting my apartment broken into i m a bit weary of just opening the door this late . as i walk toward the window i pass my actual door to get in and freeze in my as i hear a guttural voice speaking as if there is someone already outside my door . see i live in a duplex apartment with two entry one to get into the complex and my door to get in my apartment . so obviously someone is already inside of my building and standing in front of my door . i shake through my terror and run to the window . holding my breath but already knowing there is no one there . i look outside and surprise no one just the rain . i quickly close and lock the window and run to the door to look through the peephole but there is no light . the light in the hallway is always on by the way . the only way i can turn it on is by opening the door and the switch . as i stand there with fear i start hearing low on the other side of the door not loud enough to understand what their saying . he he hello ? silence . as i turn on my to go back into my room and just chalk it up as paranoia from my nightmare i hear a voice which was a little voice but what was terrifying was her voice had an echo when she spoke it like a record being backward at the same time which made my blood run cold . again it was very hard to make out what she said through the door and i stood there for a moment mostly because i was frozen . nothing but silence . i to hear small and slow knocking but i ran into my room locked the door turned on the and did not fall asleep until it was am . weird thing is i my upstairs neighbor and she told me the older crazy couple next door have been about someone ringing their doorbell after as well . . . . my name is and i believe that some of you are aware of the work of a certain deep web archivist who to delve into the mortician ' s network . as you can likely figure out i am the person who wrote the program he used to delve into the deep web . since i built my own backdoor into the program which i informed of i his information a couple of after he . i ' t on to this but when i established my own connection with the mortician ' s network i decided that he had the right idea . but i am not an archivist . i am too active to just sit and do research on something even with available . but they notified me that they need an independent investigator to verify or disprove . then i read that message . reading the work that had me of why i him in the first place . when he about a program that would allow him to delve into the deep web for without tracing back to him he told me his experience . he his interaction with the and it me of an encounter with something equally impossible . i worked as a volunteer for search and rescue before i the military . i have in over a dozen rescue and one me until i made contact with the mortician ' s network . march th . a family went in a national forest i am choosing to not disclose . they went for a four hour hike starting at . a little over two into the hike their twelve year old son . the back to the last place they remember seeing him and upon seeing no of his disappearance they . his phone the father the local ranger station to notify of his son ' s disappearance while the mother out to her son . within thirty the nearest ranger the and to look for any trace of their son . after an hour of searching no trace was . immediately the ranger notified his and informed them of the missing child . within two and a grid search was established . we grid by grid and nobody saw anything until afternoon . i was the last person to see that boy alive . the amount of and i was to repeat some in case something was . i was searching along a creek that would expand into a river during significant downpour . sweeping carefully i a splash . calling out to the boy while looking for other in the grid i over to the sound . as i got closer i ' t see him but the sound was getting . i down into the . i will never forget his face . such abject terror in his . his fist banging onto the bottom of the surface it never breaking the surface tension . the boy was underwater face up banging on the top of the creek . i could hear it splash which was impossible . heart in my throat i ran over and tried to reach him . but i ' t get my hand through the water . it was like a bladder . i could feel the motion of the water but my hand was dry . i my fist on the water with no desired result . i could hear him now pleading for me to help him . i tried to push my hand through but it was not happening . then i up . not at the face of the boy who was impossibly stuck underwater but the thing keeping him there . i ' t immediately make it out but it was when it dragged him off then it was a face made out of water . i the boy upstream but the thing him away too quickly . one of the other headed over to me . he to know why i was running up along the creek . i to tell him what i saw but how can i tell him what i saw something in the water the child and is holding him underwater impossibly so . that this thing dragged the boy upstream i lied i told him i thought i the boy which was true . i just to tell him the sheer impossibility of the entire situation how could i tell the that their child was taken by something underwater and kept there so he could never escape . when i the mortician ' s network they about my personal encounter and i the entire situation . after the name of the boy they a file . reading through it i was grateful to be sitting down . five after i last saw that poor trapped boy his body in a lake four away . evidence confirmed that it was the same child but he to have aged slightly and . webbing between his which had and by his collarbone would allow him to breath underwater . claw tore at his abdomen and his and tongue were also gone . he was by several by the claw . the mortician it as a related death and given the his family were not to be notified that he was found again . the designation for this particular autopsy that over other people went through a similar metamorphosis and eventual fate . looking at the mortician who agreed to meet with me i saw his solemn nod . he knew the question i to ask . " this is our burden . we cannot let humanity know the truth about the . our go further back than most of written history . you may have that there was a point where humanity was almost driven to the point of extinction ? should enough of the " curtain " be back the will declare open season on us . apocalypse event . the reveal of the world ' s truth and it turns on us . " the mortician spoke softly his to in the sat in silence . gazing at the hundred of filing before me . the that i haven ' t seen the inside of . the sense of unknown that this place . " a friend of mine used to work for you . he was an archivist . normally i ' t have into any of this but . . . " " the people who choose to work for us they have had with the terrifying and unknown . but once they learn that we can provide some . we are not looking for an archivist at this point in time but we do need . people who won ' t dismiss any possibility when they investigate a potential event . welcome to the mortician ' s network . " even in death it remains true . i never used to get along with her . my sister . throughout my life i have been a screw up . always used to mess up my . and she was the star of the family . of the elegant and an intellect . so optimistic it used to get on my . and whenever i up or was in some sort of trouble she always me . whether it was getting at school or messing up my she used to swoop in and save the day . you re there little sis little elaine ? . those exact every time . in that order no change . it was annoying . i was not even the younger sister . the better room the better pocket money the better car the better date . it was as if my purpose of being was to make her look good that ' s all . i lived like that my entire non adult life . i thought of running away from her and my family but i could never do it . and at the end of the day i did love them i her . but is that a good enough reason ? well it was soon not good enough . my best friend from college was the only guy hell the only person who ever me for who i was . he was the perfect guy and would have been the perfect husband . i had dreamt my entire life with him . we would have been good together . if only i had not brought him to my house to meet my . if only he would not have at a silly joke from her that night . if only they had not connected over their mutual love of wildlife . if only . . had and i had on . away from her from from everything . the last event must have been at their wedding . but i was a coward i could never move out of the city . just to the other end . was i still the damsel in distress who her ? my new found independence did not mean i ' t a screw up . i still made which put me in all of trouble financially and romantically . but this time one thing was different . she was not there to save me i had cut all my with her . i was now a prisoner of my own dug up . but it was my life . i had to survive . but not for long . my worst decision had come to haunt me . i had been in a relationship with a guy for a year . we had met at a rather unfortunate circumstance when he had saved me from in a river . i had a against deep probably from a close call when i had nearly when i was a . hence the . man what a mess i was . but i was by him . we soon dating and then soon we were in a relationship . i had his violent streak which worse with time . i guess i was just trying to replace him in place of my sister as a figure who would take care of me . but once his streak was mixed up with his new habit of alcohol binge it was a nightmare . every night i used to wipe of red from my face and then from the sink . every night i felt like i was about to die . every night my courage just felt short to be able to dial . i was a coward . afraid of him . afraid of the or whatever sinister group he had become part of who could still haunt me if he was . but it could not continue like this forever . this had to end . and it did . it was a night where it was gushing down with rain rumbling with thunder . he came late that frightful night . i don ' t know what were but i ended up being by him in the house which was not big enough to keep running . so i had to hide in the closet . he kept thumping on the door with whatever he could find . i knew the barrier would give in at some point . i closed my . it was all dark . it was all eerily similar to when i was a child and had hidden myself from the . that day i was saved by her . but that night it like the end . but i did owe a thank you and a . i her for the first in and probably the last time ever . elaine is that you ? you there little sis ? . i here my situation as quickly as possible since that was not the important part . the important part was the . but before i could say it she hung up . i guess i deserved it . so i there . for my own murder . the thumping stopped after a while . i some and some shouting . there was another voice . another familiar voice . i my name . by her again . i as i saw her lying on the floor soaked in her blood . he laid on the floor as well . but he was still and ' t seem to be breathing . the vase on the table was to on the floor beside him and the were lying his blood which out from his head . she saved me . again . but this time . elaine ? . she my hand . you ? you are safe now . i wept as i was struggling for . but she was struggling for . she had been him . it horrible . me why why do you save me every time ? why do you act as the elder sister even though you are not ? you ' t get it . i had saved you from when you were a little child . from that day onwards i had felt a connection with you love . it always been my responsibility to look after you . i for my phone to dial immediately . she that it was too late . she was a nurse and a pretty good one and that me since that meant she was probably right . elaine . you have to promise me that you would take care of . i knew you have always had something for him . i am sorry if i took him away . she then did something which me then but now i understand . she took her lighter and then burned her off . and then she lied there on my arms breathing her last . we had our last conversation where she told me how to live a safe life away from the reach of crime and and lead a happy life with her husband . even dying she thought about me . the ambulance and found her laying on the floor along with another male body . there was no one else . have now . i am sitting in my house my new house . i am looking at my mirror but i am seeing her not me . i respond after me for the rd time . i am still not used to her name . wow you really space out these days . is something you ? me i just miss her . so much . i am sorry . that s all right honey . i miss her too . tragic she ago . she was my best friend from college . but it is nothing to how you must be feeling . the sister bond is always strong . especially a twin sister bond . even dead it remains true . she saved me . i am now sis . i used to live in this old house that had been converted into seven in total . so many crazy to me there but this is the story of one of my downstairs . were a young couple and they fought very loudly on a daily basis . i would see the female with in different of healing every day she was pale and very fragile . to be honest i felt sorry for her and as a woman i felt i to protect her when i could . night the fighting got so intense my dogs were barking growling and around by my door . i ' t take it . i the ran downstairs and flung open my door immediately their door knob . i had a metal bat in my hand as i ' t know what i was walking into and to be prepared . soon as my hand touched the knob everything stopped . the yelling the being thrown around my dogs going crazy it all fell eerily silent . the door ' t closed and it slowly open with the touch of my hand . to announce my presence and the female if she was . no response . i for the male . again no response . i in slowly my body shaking with a combination of fear and rage and looking around . the apartment so different from the last time i was in it . the were drawn and there were no on but it was bright inside and easy to see . a whimper quiet and feeble that like it was coming from the bathroom . i thought she was in there . i with caution the rest of the apartment first to make sure i was safe . i saw no one and to the bathroom door the only door in the apartment that was closed . spoke softly the female if she was in the bathroom and if she was . i assured her i was there to help . the door was locked . i the whimper once more it was definitely coming from inside the bathroom . i told her i was taking her to my apartment and that she would be safe there i would protect her . she ' t answer . tried the door again this time it with ease but i never it unlock . the bathroom unlike the rest of the apartment was dark very dark . i could not see anything inside . i her if she could stand and come to me and where the male was . no answer . i movement in front of me then felt arms around my like a child on to their mother . i down to touch her yet felt nothing . the wall for the light switch when i turned it on a dim light and illuminated the bathroom in a way similar to candle light . i around the small bathroom and saw nothing she ' t in there . i where she was and assumed she had gone to hide in the bathtub behind the closed shower curtain it was the only place she could possibly be . i stepped up to open the curtain i felt a tug on the bat that had been hanging by my side . i turned around ready to strike but saw nothing . i it off and turned back around to see the shower curtain now open and no one in there . there were odd black looking like soot and what to be dried wax . i bent down to investigate further and felt those arms once again wrap themselves around my this time and me back away from the bathtub . small feeble voice whispered " don ' t . " but the fascination had me . i had to look closer . i bent down further and at the it came off with relative ease . i rubbed the black substance between my it felt gritty . sink turned on and i to see someone behind me but there was no one there . the small feeble voice spoke again " wash . " i did as i was told washing the substance off my as quickly as i possibly could . leave . the voice came again but i t move . come with me . i completely unaware that that was a big mistake . some quick background before i explain what i said in the title i m my grandparent s only grandchild . the only son of their only son . my dad with my step in whereas i m here on the west coast by myself . well recently by myself . i d been with my grandma for the last few . covid shut down my university so i a place to stay and my dad was less than welcoming . well you re not coming back here are you ? i mean just finished turning your room into her office . i remember grimacing . there s not room on the couch for me for a few ? just until this over ? there was a pause . i guess . but t like the company son . you know that . you that right . company . not family . bitch . so i figured it i call up gram . she only lived a state away after all and when i her up i could hear the smile in her voice . of course you can stay here ! are you sure ? i was still hurt from s . i don t want to be a bother oh hush . you just get here safely . i have help with the guest room this afternoon . was the stay at home nurse . being a poor college student with nowhere to go in the midst of a pandemic was tough . i d been living in my beat up old car for the last few days . but when i gram tell me that it was not only for me to stay with her but that i was welcome you ever go on a long hike with a heavy ? when i was thirteen i the grand canyon with my boy scout troop . we spent eight walking down to a fancy platform and then back up wearing these massive that people only wear in two if you re starring in an commercial or if your troop leader repeated the be prepared ! into your ear incessantly for a year and you suddenly find yourself five of food ten of water and four in your pack . when we got back up and i finally got to take that idiotic off i felt like i was floating . my body had gotten used to the extra weight over the day you see . and once i d been able to take it off i thought i could fly . that s much the same feeling i d experienced back when gram told me she me to stay with her . the weight of worry uncertainty and debt suddenly slipped from my and the of my mouth upward into a stupid little smile . i d love the guest room . i see you tomorrow night then . i still haven t out of that room . sure i could stay in the master bedroom now but ignore me . i m getting ahead of myself . where was i ? i was driving through the ruby on my way to . i d already been on the road for seven and a half and i m sorry to say most of the beauty was lost on me though i have of that small range that i sometimes confuse for of watching the lord of the as a . sprawling with evergreen that itch at the nose and that snap with cold . the were bright with the yellow of summer now and i saw an or two out by some of the small i . dust up pollen as i continued on one eye on the road and the other on my empty gas tank . it all brought up of visiting my as a . they d been nice enough i suppose . grandma made me chocolate chip that i d devour upon site inevitably burning the roof of my mouth . my grandpa however rarely spoke to me . he t mean or anything . just on work as my dad and grandma would say . he was always on work though and because of that i never really got to have much of a relationship with him before he back in . the freeway eventually took me into the city and after a brief stop at ' s i made my way over to my grandma s . she lived in a one story with a lot of land past the edge of town that took me a while to find . after a while the road turns dirt and you have to trust your memory to find the turnoff . but my luck and was with me and i made it . knock ! knock ! knock ! the door swung open revealing a man in his late s i as . ! he the door wide . favor ! i d a thanks . he spent a quick minute showing me where to put my before me into my grandma s room . come in ! her face shone when she saw me and i myself for not spending more time with this woman . maybe i d kick my dad instead the next time i saw him and . hey gram . she t look very well at all . rubber ran oxygen to a little insert under her that she continuously as we spoke . i had of her dressed in collared and trousers but now she wore a gown . she used to have an energy in her voice that could call a cow across a field or curdle milk if her mood had soured . but now she in short airy as if of her breath of life were with each word . it . we spent catching up and watching jeopardy on her little box television . when i about missing her she had show me a recipe card in the kitchen that i immediately to use . i d set my up in her room so she could me and give me but about halfway through she it was making her dizzy and i had to finish them on my own . they were exactly like how i . after eating too many for a weekday night i and went to bed intent on spending more time with gram the next day . i only ever got the next five days . stood by my side as gram slipped away five mornings after i d gotten there . we d had a tough conversation that morning that i probably end up telling you about later as it was about my grandpa and that s the whole reason you re reading this in the first place . we actually had several but i share those with you as they become relevant . but that last conversation had taken something out of her and she d just so tired . up within twenty of me calling him and we stood there and cried together as she . the rest of the day was a blur . i remember the showing up an hour later to take her away . the police who i was and backed me up when i d said i was her grandson . and i remember the silence that filled the house once everyone else had gone . it was an oppressive silence like damp in the air on a hot day . it clouded my and made it hard to breathe . i had to fill it with something . yeah ? the gruff voice came from the other end of the phone . hey dad . my voice caught in my throat . i got to tell you something . apparently i was on speaker since i a whiny soprano pipe into the conversation . is he finally coming out of the closet ? i always knew that boy was queer . my drew blood in my palm . no that s not why i was calling . though i promise to call you first if i ever need advice on sleeping with men . what did he say to me ? i was done . gram dad . she away around pm your time today . there was silence on the other end . then a nasally whispering voice . she land right ? disgusted i hung up . bile rose in my throat and i rushed to the the ocean blue tile chilling my as i the toilet and my breakfast . damn if those don t still taste good the second time around . and that us to three days after gram . i d been feeling like wandering the house of a woman i barely known and eating an abnormal amount of chocolate chip when the doorbell rang an pang of anger from my . to cut to the chase as i m already dawdling here it was her lawyer . he to me that gram had decided to gift her liquid assets to charity but the house and the two hundred of land it sat on was going to me . i was . too to be ashamed that i was still wearing only my and a t shirt . what ? the man his glasses and out a to me . the deed . it was explicit in her will that you receive the house . she me only a few days ago to make the change but its in effect nonetheless . my as i read the legalese in front of me . i t understand much of it but the last amendment was clear . she me to have the house . this house . oh my god . i t know what to do . the lawyer had me sign some more before turning to leave . before he left he handed me a photo of my when they were about my age . i don t remember seeing where he d gotten it from . your grandmother was a special woman son . she spoke of her family often though your grandfather and yourself were the only she spoke of with any sort of fondness . really ? i mean i t blame her . i t particularly of anyone else in my family either . the man solemnly . your grandfather did great . and she was very that you d your heart in your . i the photo in my . she was the only one . nobody from home thought film had any benefit . but gram had written me a check for a new car so i could get out to the university on my own . it was that act of kindness and love that had me over the razor s edge into to my favorite area of study . you said my grandfather did great i the question obvious . but the lawyer just at me . then he tipped his hat and left . it was the next night when i found the . i d been drinking again i say again as if i d ever stopped since the previous night when i found the cord to the attic . it was pinned to the ceiling . out of reach of year old but not out of reach for me ! so after my drunk ass up off the ground and cleaning up the crystal glass i d broken in my stupid attempt to jump up and grab the cord i found a glass of cool water and a step ladder . the cord down a panel from the ceiling . descending through a cloud of dust likely as old as i am was a splintery old folded ladder . the attic was dusty humid and dark . i at a sound that might have been a rabies infected bat and made a mental note to hire someone to check the place out sooner rather than later . the flashlight on my phone illuminated the open space and my mouth at the sight towering of . they over me actually over me as i turned around on the ladder . they were filled with all of odds and and were with marker like and home . i found my dad s baby clothes and was amazed that someone with a head as big as his had ever fit into something as small as this little . then the bat flew by my head again and i my . rabies is the thing on this planet . give me global warming . give me suicide by immolation . give me a second trump presidency before you give me rabies . and that s why i hate bats . i was but i was drunk and the drunkenness won out . i swung my arm around in a discordant fashion the light on my dying phone would be enough to find me the deadly little mammal . and before you start posting links to adorable little bats or baby bats being bottle fed don ' t . i have no tenderness in my heart for those . i remember my dad to my one after we d left church as a family . i d told my about genesis and the story of creation and if bats were because the said that every flying thing was a bird . it was a very important question to my young brain and i d taken it very seriously . my gave me a very political neutral answer in the car but once we got home my dad just said and that s just one reason you know the is . god i hate that man . anyways all of this is to say that i m nearly certain god bats as instead of so that man t feel so bad about killing the disease little . so as i swung my flashlight around i for something to bat it down with . i a picture frame cutting my finger on a splinter and it at the ready . it t long before the winged bringer of death by again and i the frame at it . or at least that s what i d to do . instead i threw my phone . though she might have been my gram would not have been of the creative string of that flew from my mouth as i around her attic searching for that phone . of course it had landed face up so that the flashlight was pressing down against the which just made it all the more difficult to see . it was along the way to my phone that something at my jeans . at first my drink mind convinced me that somebody had at my leg but once i d stopped mid scream i there was something else caught in the denim . it felt like a nail . i could pull at it and when i did i felt a weight on the other end as if i were at a lever or a pulley . five later i was covered in sweat but i had my phone and was able to study the lever system . the nail sat flush with the floor it was only dumb luck that my pants had made a grab at it after all but when i at it it the whole on a hinge . i myself to see better underneath it and once i did that s where i found them . the . there were of them lined neatly face to face in a space under the board . i picked one up . white the front of it with time worn pen that read f class . they were all like that . location date letter class . i three dozen but i know there were more . behind the lot of them was an old tape player with a decade and a half of dust and grime on it . the print on the buttons was mostly worn away from use and i had to guess which were the play pause rewind and fast forward . the eject one was set further aside near the opening of the case . why am i this to you ? you seen tape so this is where for me . this is why i decided to write out my here on this site . because when i hit play on that tape machine my entire existence like the first pebble in a landslide . not that night perhaps . not in that moment . not that first recording . but the pivotal point of my existence that landed me here where i am today ? it was me pushing that button . i d brought the machine back downstairs after i d found a tape with just the date in it and i plugged it into an outlet in the kitchen as i the rest of my plastic bottle of booze into a glass . this t exactly what i that night as i was in a very special way that only people who s world on an unfamiliar axis can know but it s a transcript i since made in my grandfather s . i added the punctuation and myself so forgive any . they re unintentional . transcript silence sigh i am dying . cancer . i am sure that it you to hear that this is likely the last tape you ever receive from me . pause cough as that is likely to be the case let us assume it will be . as much as we are at odds with each other i suppose i owe you a small degree of thanks for my family to survive . i know you told me that you don t follow me or them but let s neither of us disrespect the other by believing that . we both know you follow us . and we both know that the only reason they re still alive is because of the i made with this series of and paraphernalia . pause do you remember that case in the late in colorado ? the in that small town that near old mine ? i could look at some of my of the to bring up a specific date but i don t have the energy today . i trust you remember . how many by our hand before we found what was responsible ? how many people needlessly in our heartless pursuit of blind righteousness ? how many ? those have stuck with me all this time . it s been forty but i still see them when i walk with through the . that girl with the blue especially . do they follow you too ? if they don t be certain that i will . i follow you when i m gone . i hide in your shadow like in . i watch you from inside your like that thing in those in . and i follow your just like what we found in the . . it like he a breath from an oxygen tank of these have already been distributed to several with clear and concise on where to deliver them to upon any untimely death in my family . i have . i have . and i have the proof . remember that boy s ear ? his would certainly love the truth behind how he really lost it . and he s just one victim or object of collateral damage as you put it . there are . countless who s you buried . but i dug them up . remember when we dug up that poor sod in that bog ? man i d forgotten that one up til now . there s a sound of pencil on paper i have to make another tape now . pause . deep breath but don t forget this . i may not be around to protect them but they will be . do not touch my family . or i will destroy you . you and everybody else . and once you re dead and you join me in hell i got in place to make sure we stay that way . silence this is . another breath from the oxygen tank see you soon . click and that s it . in the since hit the fan and i no longer trust my grandfather s to hold water as well as he d hoped for . this is why i m here . this is why i need you . because unless these get out unless they re i m dead . i don t know who the ever present they are yet but i know they re looking for a way to get to my family . and i won t allow that . they can have but they can t have me or my dad . my second entry can be found joining us ? i recommend starting at the beginning . xb i his arm . the closer now but they distinct from our own . almost . like an animal . like . my grew slick with sweat . was it the beast ? had it found us ? a growl through the cavern low and guttural . monstrous . i eric s arm on instinct . i t going to lose him . i t . then a voice . it s dark . the man was in the cave . his each one coming at a slow deliberate pace but then he ' t need to rush . we were trapped . caught in a massive cavern we knew nothing about with our only exit blocked by the man himself . he we re here eric said . i to tell him to shut it that there was a chance he t but i knew he was right . in the man s current state he could almost certainly smell us . my mind shot through a hundred different escape but each one ended up with us either or . possibly eaten . eric beside me . what now ? we do the only thing we can do i said quietly feeling not entirely sure of myself . we retake control . retake control ? i took a deep breath myself for what i was about to do but we were out of . running blindly into the cave t on the table and neither was running blindly into the man . that left one thing . took you long enough ! " i into the dark . the man s stopped . ! eric . right ? i continued my brother . you were our grandmother s other son which you re our uncle . silence . seriously eric said trying to put his hand over my mouth . i him away . we know what she did to you . what she turned you into ! a growl through the cave low and ragged then the . they were faster now . i in an anxious breath second guessing my plan but i was all in on this now and there was no going back . we can help you ! i . the like a beast on all . and close . i backward my body acting on instinct my to flee . but i ' t . there was nowhere to run . please ! i to the floor with a gasp the wind from my . the man s heavy paw on my chest his breath smelling rancid and rotten his a horrible glowing yellow . i at him and his dug into my flesh . eric cried out beside me at the man before he too hit the ground with a dull thud . eric ? i . i and bit at the man . eric ! his paw from my chest to my mouth where it itself almost entirely about my head . i muffled into it my fist beating at him uselessly . this was it i thought i d both of us . my chest rioting within me . fell from my face adrenaline through my and regret filled my . i should have to eric . i was a fool . the man had only advanced once i made it clear we were there . if i t a roar from outside one more feral than even the man s . it filled the cave its ear splitting and its tone like gravel in a . i fell still my resistance fading as i what the man was doing . it s dark the man . it s dark . the same warning he d given us the first time the beast had shown up . he ' d meant to warn us again . i beneath his grip and he removed his gnarled paw from my face . i sat up slowly my still useless in the pitch of the cave . eric ? i said quietly . i m here . i the man rise to his . then he me by the back of my leather jacket and me up with him . eric my shoulder steadying himself as the man easily plucked him up next . the beast is back eric whispered beside me . " that way " " i said . the man expectantly . " it ' s dark . " " oh right " i said getting his meaning . i my phone ' s light on and cast it ahead . the man had already begun walking into the cave though this time more slowly . he intended for us to follow . eric and i a brief look of unease before nodding and shuffling after him my heart racing as i we ' d made the right decision . " this too convenient " eric whispered . " don ' t forget the last time the man up we nearly . " don ' t have much of a choice do we ? i said cradling my broken wrist . " if it ' s between the beast and the man i ' m taking the man every time . " if the man was then he might be trying to help us and maybe that was his intention all along . likely he knew about jake too . we only a short while before we came to a halt in front of a rusty cage door which our half of the cavern from the one ahead . the man at the animatedly before heaving the heavy door open to a symphony of metallic screeching . " " i said plugging my . " when ' s the last time that hinge got ? " " might have been awhile " eric reasoned . " grandma ' t seem to care much for her hobby in her later if if uncle jake ' s were anything to go by . " uncle jake . we were both quiet for a moment guilt swimming in my stomach and only when the man us forward with a great gnarled paw . we made our way to him . as we the light of my phone across man made against the stark black stone of the cave . tables were scattered about with and various surgical while sat neatly beneath them . on the smooth wall ahead was a great sprawling diagram written in white . i it as the same diagram from . do you think this is it ? eric said breathlessly . where she made them ? it that way . grandma ' t us exploring this cave and after passing that steel gate she clearly t want anything in here human or otherwise . i picked up a beaker of fluid gazing at it like i knew anything about chemistry . " this definitely the mold of evil lab . " " where did she get the time to do all of this ? " eric said . there was the snap of a match and then a flame quietly to life . i turned to see eric lighting a large candle . " sorry if i you . i just figured we save your phone ' s battery . " " no that ' s a good idea . " i stuffed my phone back into my pocket while the two of us made our way around the lab lighting the other . i been thinking eric said waving out his match as we lit the last of the . " about what we might find down here . i could still hear our mother weeping in the back of my . i could still feel no matter how far i it down the thrill i d felt at in jake s skull . i . yeah . me too . we split up and over the contents of the tables . a lot of it was written in a language i ' t make or of bound in leather with fancy steel on their front . they a thousand old . then beneath a stack of scattered paper i found a page with my name on it . i snatched it up looking at eric to make sure he ' t . my brother stood near the far wall of the room his head in a book occasionally glancing at the ground and his glasses . good i was in the clear . i read . xb is well . his appear mostly unaffected . he is still kind rambunctious and curious . certainly far less aggressive than . i was also quite happy to see his physical state consistent and i sense i may have sorted out the issue that affected . there are still certain i have about him but it ' s possible he ' s the one after all . i ' continue over the next week but is growing concerned and the have grown more brazen . i found eric wandering toward the cave yesterday . i may soon have to send them home . i ' remind jake to keep a better eye on them in the future and to stop filling their with tales of adventure . there will be plenty of time to explore this mountain when everything is done . xb " eric " i said the reality of the situation upon me . " what if we " find out we re too ? eric said walking toward me with a look of morose . i t say anything . the truth was i t think there was much we in it . grandma had given me something and now it was clear it was the same serum she ' d given jake and . i at the man at and . what had she done to us ? why ? " i . . . i don ' t know " i said myself for being too weak to admit what i was . what if i turned now and hurt eric ? my stomach twisted . " why don ' t you stay here i ' m go get some fresh air . " i slunk toward the rusty door . eric ' s hand my shoulder . i get it . i do . jake ' t jake . you did what you had to in order to protect us . " he shook his head . " i was wrong to make you feel like you were one of them . " i unsure what sparked this change of heart . eric ' s expression ' t angry or hateful rather it was calm and a bit regretful . he let his hand fall away . " so don ' t feel like you need to run off alright ? " i . it was a nice sentiment and i was glad that eric me again but he was wrong to . the page had confirmed it i was a monster and i had already felt myself losing control to grandma ' s medicine . what if next time instead of jake eric was the focus of my anger ? i stuffed my into my . i ' t going to let that happen . " don ' t worry " i lied . " i ' m not running off just getting some fresh air . i ' got my phone ' s light . i ' find my way back . " i the steel gate open to the sharp of squealing metal . and stepped in front of me . his massive saliva his glowing yellow boring into me . i beneath his gaze . it s dark he said pointing to the back of the room . i blinked . was he trying to show me something ? i picked up a candle and him toward the shadowy corner the same corner i ' d seen eric in while i had read the page . as we i something was on the floor beneath us . . they made a large circle and as if they ' d been directly into the cavern floor . hammer and chisel style . " what the hell " i the from . " what is this ? " " they ' re " eric said . " pagan by the of them . " his were downcast his voice filled with guilt . " i think it may be a sort of circle . " " circle ? to summon what ? " eric with his . he to speak then the him and fell silent again . eric ? i . . . his came between . another anxiety attack . no sense him right now had led me here perhaps he had more information . " right ? what ' s going on ? can you tell me anything help me understand ? " silence . of course he ' t explain . his only vocabulary of the time of day . still i ' d have if he could have pointed out a book or scroll to help me along . then it hit me . eric might be too worked up to get any out but i knew where he ' d learned about that circle . i extended my hand to my brother . hand me the book then . i find out myself . eric stepped backward the book against his chest . i can t . you don t get it . what ? i don t get it ? eric stop around . another roar . the beast . was that closer ? i thought . the bastard probably the screeching of the damn gate . i m not around ! eric at me his wet with . there s stuff in here that you t understand ! t understand ! what the hell was going on ? i a hand to my head as my mother s crying voice in my mind . please . please . my felt dry again and my rang . eric i said stumbling to stay upright . the book . i need to know what this circle is . i already told you he . it s a circle . i need more than that . eric . what the is it ? " please . please . you have to . i shook myself free of my mother ' s voice my teeth and grounding myself in the moment . focus on the pain in my wrist focus on the sound of water dripping against stone focus on the cool breeze . breathe . if i give you the book you do it eric said backing away from me and shaking his head . you do it ! do what ? i . sound . touch . scent . ground myself . this was hard . it s nearly dark ! . another roar . this one through the cave so much closer now . sharp jagged and monstrous . the beast . was it inside ? damn it ! " if i give you this book " eric said pointing at me with a manic expression glasses crooked on his nose . you do to me what you did to jake ! my felt weak . i to a knee taking another breath and centering myself . me while my mother s voice in my head over and over . please . please . shut up . please . why would i do that ? i said screwing up my face in sensory overload . " tell me eric ! tell me why i would do that ! i eric said trailing off . it s dark ! repeated this time more fiercely . " it ' s dark ! " i acutely aware of him moving darting off toward the way we d come . where was he going ? another roar guttural horrible . so close . too close . something was running through the cave something massive . please . please . eric ! i . tell me ! i m one of them he quietly . a monster xb x . x this week was the second week of camp and boy was it thrilling . last week i told you about week of camp . and if you want to know how we got here start if you ended up lost along the way here s where to this was the second week the first went by so fast i m i got here . day so today was father s day so last night i drove home to visit my family and had to drive back this morning i got here just before the to arrive . this week i d be up in the near the chapel with an and group . the were this time so older than last . the don t sleep in the though we sleep in a building attached to the pavilion at the . the misty was a large area with a ton of small in a circle shape . the and group crafty corny i know i don t make the had about split into of . i had this feeling like an itching like at the back of my head something telling me something was wrong . i turned away from the top bunk i had picked in the counselor area and saw a silencer standing by the campfire circle . that was strange they never left the forest in broad daylight . i towards the door of the counselor area and the sound of the door shutting the silencer . it turned and faced me two glowing red were on its face which i were of some sort . now i don t know how the first formed but i do know that they can be made from a lost human soul . this was probably one of them . this very rarely only if someone on the night of day during campfire . i don t know how i read most of the in the camp library about the of this land and most of them mention the and the few with red . recent note how after a death on day a new silencer with red so thats the conclusion most draw for the red eyed . there are no of how the non eyed formed . the silencer gave me a deadly stare i almost ran back to the main area but then i hear a voice . eclipse ? you good ? the person behind me silencer them and took off towards the shower house path . ye . . yeah i person the other counselor for crafty was sparks . because they were older we only need two . the rest of the day without incident i mean another bird into the mess hall window next to where i was sitting not good . all the and got settled in their we had a good little introduction game and they all settled into bed after dark . unlike last week i stayed awake for too long just thinking about the week ahead of me . day today was hot and when i say that i mean it ! it was in the high s low s today which t sound too hot in some but it s really hot here especially with all the humidity . it was already in high s when i first woke up and humid . i on sparks bed and told her to wake up any for the polar bear plunge . because this t a swimming program this was optional . sparks was back in a few and i saw the walking to the pool . man those kept me up all night ! another counselor from another group said . i felt like they were extra loud tonight . sparks said that s strange . i said i barely them at all ! that made me worry because that the can sound different to different people . i stepped out of the pavilion to get some fresh air and survey the day . it was a sunny day with big in the sky but sparse . this was good cloudy and rainy days bring out creepy specifically the . they can not be in sunlight or at least you never see them in sunlight . the one i saw yesterday was standing in the shade of a tree in the middle of misty . that s part of the reason they don t leave the forest very often . i sat down at a picnic table in the pavilion and thought about how the plan for the day would go . after breakfast was free time for the in the main pavilion because of last i would be working at the archery range . then we d go to lunch and then go back to misty for an hour of free time . after that we d be going into the woodland area to collect to make . this meant getting sticks leaves and trash anything found would be washed if used and then left over and old art . after about half an hour the back . i stopped the crafty and told them that had half an hour to get dressed and ready for the day and at we would head over to the mess for breakfast . i told them to make sure they told their cabin that too before sitting back down at the picnic table . sparks came over and sat across from me . you ? how d you sleep last night ? after i fell asleep i slept pretty good but i had a hard time falling asleep i was up for over an hour just thinking . bout what ? random stuff this week the rest of the summer my but the one thing that kept me awake was the thought this week something bad is going to happen . i get that too last week the woman with no mouth me and told me to watch my back which is unsettling . it s the they got something evil about them especially the red eyed those have a vengeance they re dead and so they know who they re going after . yeah we sat in silence and let the buzzing surround us . i got up and got my water bottle from my . i over to the water that are used for washing brushing teeth filling water basically a sink with multiple . as i was standing there the sun was beating down on my back i saw a silencer watching me from down the path towards the shower house . it had red . i quickly finished filling my water and put the cap on before running back to the pavilion . i sat there for the remains few until after o clock . then i went to the to make sure the were up and told them to come down to the pavilion when they were done . i sat back down and a camper exit her cabin and immediately oh boy it s hot ! she came over and sat down at the picnic table i was at . a minute later two came from another cabin then three more from the one the first camper had come from . only a few after all the were down at the pavilion . so how d everyone sleep ? i the group in response i got a mess of ranging from not great to fantastic ! . nice alright were head to breakfast now and then we get into today s afterwards ! breakfast there was some chatter about the and how it was extremely hot . the group reformed when we finished breakfast and finished cleaning up . everyone we re going to free time so there s many to do many other and many too . does everyone have a water bottle ? a collective yes came from the anyone who to swim a bathing suit ? i know it s hot but does everyone have a just in case ? yeah ! we meet up when it s time for lunch ! the group down the path and only a few later we at the field . like i said i was going to be at the archery range . it t like an actual archery range it had two and they were pretty close to the shooting point . the picnic table eventually filled with and the other counselor archer yeah she got that name cause she s the archery counselor the how to properly put the arrow in the bow and how to shoot it . she does it slowly and usually t get a good shot because of it so after archer the how to shoot i took my turn . i have my own special bow and arm strap a piece of leather you put on your arm to prevent the string from snapping back and cutting your arm . i the arrow back and shot it and got an almost perfect . came from the crowd anybody have any ? i quiet . ! everyone line up and we get you shooting ! archer said . the each got a bow arrow and leather patch and lined up . me and archer and the first two stepped up to the shooting line and we made sure the were lined up . all the shot with of success . there was one last standing there at the end of the line no bow no arrow no patch . i over to archer before she could say anything to her there was only that came to the archery station . i knew to ignore her she s a creature that to lure people into the forest . she short red hair in to tiny pig tales a shirt with purple and a unicorn on it and tan cargo shorts . she herself and tried to tag along to usually with an odd number of but will try and get any group she can get into . i stood next to archer and towards it s ignite her and let s hope she goes away . archer and then went up to the rest of the and we continued shooting . the me to shoot a couple of before heading back to the pavilion and a new group came over . hung around the archery range and then the to the pavilion . i in that was coming and was most likely sticking around . i shot an arrow at the target right as the . that hour went similarly to the first except no . the third hour went the same . during the second hour another counselor that had up at the pool they her . in hour three someone she around the pavilion until a group went up to the tree which is basically tree climbing but you re attached to ropes so you don t fall . at lunch the at the tree said that eventually off into the and no seen her since . after we ate lunch crafty met up and went back to misty for free time . i sat on my bunk and out through the structure at the . there where no but the were dark . oh man it s humid ! sparks said walking up to me razor and cherry are going out shopping tonight ! really ? i thought we t to go out of the camp ground besides family until ? i sat on my top bunk watching the forest for the rest of the hour . i saw no but the feeling of them nearby never left . after free hour we met up at the fire circle . i the group i told everyone to get with their to see if i could find the faker . it was not it was a girl with long brown hair and an orange long sleeve shirt . and purple shorts . this was she was a friendly being this was good . hi ! i said to her join us we re going to collect from the and make ? she around and turned to me and . i handed out trash and to everyone and we headed into the wood . i stayed with and picked up some trash and sticks and the all had full as we headed back down the hill . i saw some when we got close to the main forest . i made sure the group stayed in the woodland area and not go into the forest too much because of the . after all the were collected we went all the way across camp to the art building . basil one of the art met us outside . hello ! who s ready to make some art ? the yes and we went inside to get to work . we sorted the piles into leaves sticks and garbage . as we were the garbage and tossing out anything that t be a scream came from the main room . i ran into the main room to see one of the standing next to a big log on the floor . the log was covered in and that were crawling out of the log and all over the floor . get away from the log ! sparks coming i from outside . the three standing next to the log scattered around the area . before i could get anything to try and stop it the log burst into . basil ran in from the room with the into the main room with the fire extinguisher and the log . everyone ran out of the building . eventually the stuff settled inside and we could go inside . the made their while i swept the dead out of the building . everything went well and eventually it was time for dinner . at dinner a crow got into the mess hall and was flying around the large room until it was eventually stopped and flew out of the room . as i laid in bed that night i . if this was only the first day what was coming the rest of the week ? day day was also hot but not quite as much as yesterday . it was muggy though . i woke up and was covered in a layer of sweat . i rolled over and saw a silencer in the tree line . there was a thick cloud covering and would be so for most of the day so that t good for the silencer situation . like i said they can t go out in sunlight and when there s a cloud cover they can leave the forest . i sat up in bed and checked my watch we had about till the were to get ready . i got dressed and then we d get to . i sat at the picnic table in the pavilion and read my book . i t see them but j just knew the were watching from the . i don t know what they have they may just be creepy being that watch from the forest . i know they use their to draw people into the forest at night but they don t kill them . there s no record of any at the camp ground by the . i m assuming they draw people in for other to kill them . i felt a tap on my shoulder and turned around the woman with no mouth was standing behind me . they watch you they do not have good . what do you think of them ? i knew this they was the . if it was or she would of said she and there s been no news of the this week yet . they re creepy i whispered to her but they re not frightening enough mouth to scare me . the woman . what is your schedule today ? well we re going over to the art building after breakfast to paint . then after lunch the have free time at the pavilion . then an hour before dinner we re coming back here for free hour in the . after that it s dinner and making rock until it dark . then after dark we re going to have a fire pit and toast . be careful after dark . the woman said after dark they will come and find you . and then she off down the path . well that was creepy sparks said walking into the room . yeah . i sat back down and continued on my book until when i went to wake up the . i was at the last cabin when i the inside talking . i on the outside of the cabin . get dressed and meet everyone by the fire circle when you re ready ! i um eclipse ? i voice cane from inside can you come in here ? there kind of a problem ? i the curtain and inside . sitting in the middle of the floor was a camper her stanch split open and and crawling out of it . i and stepped back the curtain closed shut . what the ! i . sparks me and ran over . what s happening ? she ! i . sparks swung the curtain open . there was nothing on the floor . all the were standing next to their looking very confused . w wha ? i swear i saw a filled with . no ? one of the said . i probably t get enough sleep last night ! i said turning away and walking down to the fire circle where a couple were waiting . i sat down on a log and for everyone to come down . after everyone the camper i d thought i d seen had at the fire circle we to the art building . basil had already set up the for the . that day we were to paint to . a few after the painting in . she t wait she just right up to an extra canvas and painting . i stood by the door and watched as the painted . they were just basic forest some had a path going through or maybe a river or lake you know the usual . i finished scanning the room and painting . she was painting the forest like everyone else except for there were black right behind the first also her painting was set at night . i to walk around the room looking more closely at the and if anyone help . as i got close to i something a figure in the background hanging from a tree beach . i quickly left the tow she was standing in and went over to basil . painting something disturbing . i whispered what should we do ? basil at sparks over as basil thought . we could ask if anyone to paint outside and if goes out we shut the door behind her and if she t we take the outside and leave in here until she leaves . good sparks said hey ! t anyone want to paint outside ? she . pretty much all the said yes so they picked up their paint and and left the building . however stayed inside . me sparks and basil made sure all the were set up before going back and fourth between watching the forest and watching the art building door . i t see any while watching but eventually left the building and up towards the mess hall . all the finished so basil put the to dry next to the open in the left of the loft of the art building . after that we headed to lunch . as i sat down at a table towards the back i walk in with a mother group of . there was no sighting for the duration of lunch luckily . after lunch i headed to the archery station it was so muggy it felt as if i was in a pot of soup . right in the middle of hour of archery i spotted a silencer on the other side of the field . it across the field at super human speed . it ran right past the range and into the small forest before crossing the dirt road that lead into camp . i yo the hill just in time to see it re enter the forest on the other side of the road . i returned to the range wondering what it s were . we finished free time and at i back to misty . for most of the hour i sat at the picnic table looking over my every few out of panic . i saw the woman with no mouth pass by and a silencer wall by in the . it was weird how much we were seeing them in the daylight . did you hear they saw another at the creek today ? razor another counselor walking up to me . really ? i hope everyone s ! yeah she said one almost and was taken out by ambulance this morning ! how did i not see the ambulance ! it this morning when i think your group was at the art building . oh yeah i left my radio here that probably why i d t hear anything . as i was turned around i something out of the corner of my eye . a silencer was standing next to the big tree . do you see that ? see what ? razor the silencer standing next to the tree . there s nothing next to the tree . razor . what ? i turned back to the tree there was nothing there . huh weird . i turned around and went back to reading my book . eventually the dinner bell rang and the into the mess hall . there was no at dinner that night but did walk in behind a group . she was standing behind the counselor at the end of the line so it was clear she was uninvited . she sat down at the table the last counselor had and was not . the who got all the from the kitchen t get enough for her and the at the table t give her any food . yet another crow into the window next to me at dinner . after crafty met back up at the fire circle . alrighty ! i said we re make rock ya know when you re in the forest and you come across a creek and there s a stack of that like it should be impossible to stay up ? a nod from the group . yeah were try and make those ! me and sparks went into the little area of to collect . after we d gotten a good amount we building . so one of the sam said what are those dark in the ? sam was an older camper so i assumed she could handle this . you know these t normal right ? she yeah there are the two you don t talk about but either ignore or bring into the group like another camper . or that creepy lady that people on the road . yeah you get it . well those dark are something we call you know the whispering at night ? and how we tell you not to leave your cabin after dark if you think your being ? she . yeah those are the they try and draw you out into the at night to be that s why you re not out except for bathroom . you can see them in the day but they only try to get you at night . what about the one that across the field this afternoon ? she another rock to the tower . i don t know that was a strange occurrence they usually stay in to forest but i guess since it was cloudy today it decided to bolt across the field . she and went back to the tower . i sat down at one of the surrounding the fire circle . eventually the sun to set so i up the fire . it took a few what with a the moisture in the air but eventually i lit the and the fire burned bright . we the in the forest talking is but i made sure no one left the fire circle . i went with any who had to got to the and outside to make sure nothing got to them . then once it got too late everyone went to bed . i tiredly into the room and back my to see s painting under my . i picked it up and studied it it similar to when i d seen it in the art building but now it was set at sunset and the figure hanging from the tree was more clear it was . i threw the painting out of the curtain and it shut . it that night . day when i woke up and out s painting was no longer on the ground but the paint leave were still there . today was the real do nothing day . nothing supernatural it was hot so we went to the pool . free time at the pavilion was in the morning again so i was at the pool and then then crafty went to the pool in the afternoon . came by but stood at the gate door for before getting angry and towards den . then they took in the pool so there was no worry of the snow world . that night at dinner came into the mess hall and was to sit at one of the tables near the door . a few later in and without even waiting to be told to do something or not be told to do something she to the table was sitting at and her on the head with a large stick . the whole room she knew everyone knew she was there . i immediately got up from my seat and went over to who was holding her head on the floor and her up . i her if it hurt which it did as we out to go to the station nearby . out behind us but in the middle of the path . was fine the nurse gave her an ice pack without any about who she was . when we left i her would you like to go back inside and finish dinner or do you want to go ? i m . . just g go she and walking into the forest . at me and then . the only other disturbance was the talking as we back to misty in the dark after that night . day today was chilly when i woke up but would get hot later in the day . i woke up later than i usually do . i down to the the whole way i crunching in the leaves in the forest next to the path . as i stepped out of the stall the silencer that had me was standing right outside the door . i for a second and immediately shut the door . when i it back up the silencer was gone . i quickly made my way back down the path to the and then sat down at a picnic table until . at i went to wake the up . when i turned around after waking up the last cabin i saw one of the goat men standing at the fire pit . as i i him digging into the fire pit . as i was about away he found what he was looking for the unburnt log at the bottom of the pit . he picked it up turned around when he me and then hopped into the . after breakfast crafty went back to the art building for tye dye . basil had already set the and up for everyone . the their and the dye on them . i was waiting at the end of the line of with a basket for the . i at the tree line and saw a walking in the direction of the creek . after all the had finished their me and basil put them in the washing machine in the back of the art building . there s been a tone of this week have you that ? she me . yeah there s been a lot of them especially dead they re all over the floor of the cabin in misty . yeah there was a big dead one on the floor of my tent in den . once the t were in the washer i went back to the main room where all the were making . they d be doing assorted in here until lunch . just before noon we headed out towards the mess hall . we were stopped halfway there by about goat men running across the trail . after them ran a . we quickly up to the mess hall and got seated for lunch . nothing interesting during lunch and during free time at the pavilion nothing interesting either . i was watching the at the pool the sun beating on my back when i saw a silencer standing in the shade at the archery range . i at the pool and back and it was still there . after dinner all the met in the pavilion for the wish stick burning and the campfire . i was sitting towards the back singing along to the when raven me . eclipse ! she whispered there s a situation at the pool ! i immediately got up and raven out of the pavilion and down to the pool . there were a few around the fence . i took the off my belt and unlocked the gate . as soon as i in i saw it a camper face down in the water . what ! how did this happen ? i said maybe she snuck away from her group and then in the pool . cherry said . i turned around and in that we help . eventually the s and fished the body out of the pool . i knew it was one of my i just t know which she was bloated and it was dark . i also knew what this meant for the . the camp celebration was ended quickly and every was sent back to their covered yeah there are covered wagon asleep in or whatever they were sleeping in . that night while going to bed three stood at the tree line the middle one with red . day it was when i woke up which t good . i sat up in bed and past the curtain . the forest clear i t see anything . i prepared for the last breakfast of this camp program and went to wake the up . there was no polar bear plunge because of rain . but we did have to get the up early to get ready for cleaning . after breakfast we came back and all the clean their and put their stuff in its place . once it was done we loaded all the and into the trailer to be brought to the pavilion . crafty camper met at the fire circle and our favorite of the week and one handed out she made . there was one left over for the that . after that we headed to the pavilion to out before the . i said good bye as everyone left there were some who would come back later this summer some t . and great someone that t good . hopefully the next week goes better . there be less so that good . looking for the next story ? check here part part finalean explosion rattles the helicopter we re in . i look down at the helicopter and see a bright orange haze blocking my view . as it i see the copter is now nothing but a mess of ash and metal . another growl me from my trance as i take another look to my right and see that the thing is nearly on top of me . without another thought i grab the of its bulletproof vest and begin to push it to the edge of the chopper . the people around me quickly realize the situation and begin screaming and kicking at the biter sitting next to me a loud commotion in the plane and stopping any from being fired . the biter turns its attention to the other people on board and i know i only have before we end up like the helicopter beneath us . despite the heavy armor hanging on the thing s after gathering all the energy i had in my i the thing as far out with my arms as i could . i lost my grasp on the biter as i felt my give out and sharply tuned . the thing s fading screech was the only thing that made me realize that throughout the whole ordeal i t taken a single breath . i take in a huge portion of air before crawling back into the copter . the crowd inside is huddling in the middle no one wanting to accidentally slip and fall to their . part of the military personnel is hastily on the outer edge part of the plane to keep a locked and safe perimeter . a few people wearing a thick all outfit manage to slowly but surely make their way towards me without causing too much inconvenience . sir are you alright ? we saw you single take down that biter we re sorry we t support you but with all the one of them presumably the sergeant to me . it s alright no more were lost that s what i say through the being on my side of the copter . we re going to have to check you though he can t have any more of these on board as his men begin to closely inspect me he are you feeling well no of lightheadedness tight chest difficulty to breathe . ? as the short to his near an end the around me wrap up with their . you handled that situation fairly well by your uniform you re a cop t you ? how many have you been on the force ? he curiously . about now been a hell of a ride used to be the copter violently before i can finish . we all struggle to find something to onto against the turbulence . the helicopter eventually and we regain our balance . not as much of a hell as this huh ? the commander still the metal bar he had found at the side of the copter . he his head and at me when we the distress signal coming from your area they sent out the first they could get their on . he and goes silent for a moment . t expect so many of you to be here i mean more were on the way so it ' t be so crowded but how could it so damn fast he lost in thought . i take the time to take a better look through the in the outside entrance of the copter . after struggling to get back up my eventually balance on the metal floor . i out onto the ground and saw that the emergency were doing a good job with keeping people inside . nearly all had their on with their in the parking lot with no one visible on the ground . suddenly i get the urge to ask the first thing that was supposed to pop up in my head . sir do you mind telling me where exactly our destination ? the military commander turns to face me and automatically . nowhere special if you re interested away from those at least . . . before he off again i repeat my question in a more tone where are we going sir ? his response me off guard as he me straight in the eye and sternly you know when we land sit tight the commander made occasional telling us to not panic and that we were going to be bought somewhere safe he also instructed everyone to hand over all their and any kind of they were carrying . after a thorough search through our and he also everyone in the police force me to not contact our or any other via radio . even though i t receive any news about the progression of the outbreak the the military were still on . unfortunately that t help my case as the few times the military personnel on board did use them their were so that trying to decipher it would lead to an irritating headache within . however after a while of this i felt my begin to pop and we were slowly dropping altitude . i still t where we were supposed to arrive but i was starting to notice on the ground and overall more rural the further we flew from the city . i was considering again my question now that we were close when the commander made another announcement . alright listen up ! we re to land at our destination ! you have multiple you into the building so don t even think about trying anything and don t struggle it make the whole ordeal so much simpler he and the next thing i know the helicopter slowly to drop downward and i see a group of standing outside . when the copter touched the ground beneath us and its slowly came to a stop . a number of from the group of armed men and split us up into small . i ended up in the second group and watched as the first group was taken away by the first batch of waiting outside . as they away i saw another helicopter had landed in another not far from us . people from inside the copter to walk out and i saw a familiar teen walk out and start a fuss . i thought other and his were trying to warn him but i t get the time to take a closer look because just as he a commanding officer with a leap of strength a soldier came up to him and the butt of his rifle against the teen s face with brute force . the teen and i saw men pick him up and carry away his limp body . as the scene faded i a gruff voice telling us to get out of the plane . we did as he said and once we were out the our sides and and we walking in the direction of the building in front of us it had no extraordinary aside from the haze that coated the surface of its story . i my head around just enough to inspect my surroundings and not cause any suspicion . i at the and saw that their were calm and still but their tightly the m s at their sides . i also to sneak a look over my shoulder and that we were in the middle of nowhere since there was nothing in sight aside from a few distant . i t notice how my pace down as i continued to hastily look around . hey move it officer ! this t a museum ! a soldier behind me as he forcefully me forward . i annoyingly pull my hand away and continue to move forward . when we reach the building i see another task force is already waiting for us just outside the entrance . the previous that were with us leave and go back to the helicopter while the new take us in . inside the first thing that up is a hallway with on either side all leading up to a set of . we are tentatively up the leading to the second floor where a lounge of some sort stood before we even had time to get off the we again find ourselves being up and continue walking until we reach the next floor where i see strategically positioned across the on each side and one already with the first group that got out of the copter . this was the final straw for all of us . everyone in my group to berate the with bitter to the fact that there was no way any of us were going in there . i watched the first group them to rise up with us but all they did was pitifully stare at us . soon enough the " to temper our anger proved to be pointless and that s when they aiming their at us and nearly scream at us to get in the cage . this the collective anger we and as one of the a on the lock one by one we begrudgingly stepped into our cage . when we were all inside the shut the door and went to check on the other group . what i ' t really is that aside from me there were only other people with me in my group though it like we had more . after a few of thought and silence one of the people with us up to me and a hand . rob brad pleasure " i say as he me and my uniform . ah so you were in the front must been nice seeing all that action ? oh you bet i sarcastically remark . just then we hear come from the staircase and i see a rowdy group just a bit bigger than ours come in with the . get your off me i can walk alone ! i hear someone yell in the group . we already told you we re not getting into those damn so why don t you take that shiny rifle of yours and shove it up your that ' s when one of the enough and his rifle threateningly close to the guy making . just like us their stop rather quickly and they get into the cage beside us one by one . as they were entering the cage i took a close look at all of them and when the last person from their group stepped inside the cage i instantly who he was . ! oh my god i thought you were dead where were you back there ? turns around to face me and i see the shock and relief come past his face . brad ! good to see you re still standing i thought i saw you at one point back at the outpost but . . . there were just so many people and those everywhere he upward as if he s trying to recall something can t remember a thing last thing i know i m getting into a helicopter then i wake up and we re soaring through the air then those . . . suddenly a thought came to the front of my mind . hey were you on the helicopter were those out that from ? what ? oh yeah i was with him on the copter frankly he was annoying the hell out of everyone during the trip warning after warning thought they would carry him away or something but they t handle it hope he s now though . we stand behind the barbed in front of us as we both think back at what . you know . . . how does one start in a battlefield their nation only for them to be by getting into a small confined cage with nothing but a rusty sink and toilet i mean we should be like not some kind of could at least given us a nice small room with some he . guess they really want to keep us on edge i chuckle . and are nobody even wait what do you mean no one ? you have some people you know here right they notice you re missing and now that the truth is out there . . . i don t know i t get in when this thing local military t hear about it for a while they t tell us when this whole thing t tell us when it got here hell they re still probably not telling anyone what back there probably already our and i disclose . but they t just hide all this could they ? we stand there silently once again getting lost in thought when rob wait you t know of any of this ? he in a tone . well i don t know about my since i was on vacation but in of protocol they should me are everyone ' s were until the last second . wow they really to keep this a secret from everyone huh ? t they realize all of that would just lead to this why t they send you all out ? because they their an aged voice came from behind us . we turned to a man probably in his mid s standing in a crouched position on the other side of the cage . his white hair was brushed to the side of his head his chin was shaven but he wore a pale face with tired . they did it once thought they could get away with it again he said almost like he was a past moment in his life . what do you mean they can do it again ? this is the first time the police and military force have this kind of outbreak at this scale if they t we t be standing here in this cage . i . that was the idea dealt with it once come s up again no sweat but that s not what ' " we at him with curiosity waiting for him to continue . there was . . . a similar case once when i was still fit to serve . i was on a patrol when they us in the voice urgent desperate even by the time we most of the action had already wrapped up but i still the last and the last even with the closed . i t aside from us there were also probably the already scanning the area they hurriedly led us away but i to catch a glimpse of something i was never meant to see . someone shot out of there it like an officer but something about it was off . he was about to jump on someone then i a shot ring out . i t want to see the rest of it in any case i dumb afterward during the but . . . my god how many have his rub the surface of his closed in an exhausted manner . they know how to keep you silent they learn everything about you keep you in line with such intimidation . . . well it s only when you re an old man like me when your days are that you don t care how many they throw at you . he and at me . i m sorry what you had to see today son if they release us i want you to get as many other people as you can and get as far away from this place as possible it s only a matter of time i nod at him with empathy in my before he away i ask hey i t catch your name he turns his attention back to me oh almost forgot my name s he just as we begin to hear the familiar of struggle come from the below us . i don t remember how much time as we all sat in those . sometimes people would be brought by and into nearby or sent to another sector altogether . aside from us they had daily on us concerning any or we had . some people tried to defy their authority by not their but by the third day there t any hesitation to comply with what they said . there t any visible and the only thing keeping me on track with time was the they brought us each day and the nightly out they would announce as they by each cell . this time was no different we were in the middle of a discussion when the main turned off and the backup came on we walk past our doing the usual drill . we all said our and i off in the crimson darkness . good morning sleepy ! don t care how you slept need all and now ! i was suddenly by the commander s voice people drowsily rubbing their and looking at him . everyone get to the back of your confinement the following up will step up to the front of their cell and wait until given further we have all your personal data and know what you look like so anyone that to commit identity fraud will be severely . we all move to the back of our as he reading the of his list . why do you think they re calling people up ? rob to me . probably from what i guess the commander reading the list and with the final name brad . after the initial shock of hearing my name i walk to the front of my cage and turn around . rob is at me with worried while s look at me with confidence almost determination . do not attempt to struggle while we extract you from your cell the officer as nearby begin unlocking our . the gate to my cell and i begin to step out . before they have me in the position i manage to catch a glimpse at who me an nod as he up in the front and to walk forward . we re all out of our and watch as the rest of the move to the other while we begin to head towards the . even though this would have been a great opportunity to make a run for it something kept all of us intact almost like a feeling that we should just follow the guard ' s . we head down to the next floor and enter the room with the lounge i had previously seen the first time i was on these . we walk past most of the room when i see a single door on the left at the end of the room . beside the door two were standing with in hand one of them out a and used it to open the door we were heading for . once we re inside the well lit room we see a few are already there sitting on separate aluminum you would see in . we start moving towards an empty bench when i notice something . on all the there are regular people in civilian clothing aside from one member in every other group . unlike the around them they wear a uniform but not one of a guard but more similar to the one of a commanding officer . i don t have time to ponder on the thought as we re all onto the bench and just like in the other a man older than me but younger than is already waiting for us . we sit down just as a higher soldier comes to the middle of the room and for the few nearly inaudible to stop before he his throat . now i can guess what you re probably thinking right now the commander with a friendly but firm voice . and after all you been through i can t say i blame you . however we to be aware of those infected and those not because if one more mistake was made it would be over for all of us . know that your family and have been and you just might have a chance to see them again . the outbreak you previously been suppressed and the majority of the have been taken out by the military . that said our local military have exhausted all their weaponry and into the and aside from keeping the city on they barely have enough men to patrol half of the off zone meaning for now they re temporarily defective in the fight . the area is large in perimeter and any open space can prove vital for the if they find a way out . . . and fatal to us . military outside of our own only recently received the news of the outbreak and by the time they arrive . . . well every second and in any case their inexperience will cost them many if they do arrive on time . but you my ! you have that experience the one essential in out these from the face of the earth . but there is another reason why we put such high faith in you we you all here because you are trained men in the nation ! you know what these are and you know how to deal with them without you these could escape and all the we have won t be enough to stop them . so i give you an offer you can either back out now and return back to your cell get and hope you can live a normal life soon or you can do the entire world a favor and end this nightmare for good . everyone in the room is silent what to do next no one leaves . good choice the commander catching everyone ' s eye in the room . now before you go i d like all of you to meet someone this is professor he pointing to a middle aged man with white hair and under his from one the far back . he explain the to be executed if someone within your group bitten and if you haven t already them the . the commander down on one of the free on the as the professor on stage . thank you for the introduction captain as you have i am professor the head medical personnel in this facility . from what you have seen i have no doubt that you know how to eliminate a flesh biter but there are some you are missing that could be critical in saving your life in an encounter with one of these . you see when someone bitten the substance from the biter control over their brain making the victim amenable to the virus s . the exact origin of this virus is not precisely known as well as the exact location of its outbreak . the virus s effects are fairly rapid and the scale of infection been . . . unexpected to say the least . one of the main concerning the proliferation of these is the hesitation the creation of an antidote is still in progress for the initial of the infection where redemption is still possible however a cure is not yet been so in the case of infection it will take the virus a maximum of to take of the host before they will have to be to stop the virus from operating in their system . the professor at all of us and his tone . this is the last point where you can turn back as when you enter the area no one will be let in or out until all the are and before their threat becomes insurmountable . i woke up today to sunlight gently caressing my face . i left the open every night so i could be that way every morning . my wife no doubt already in the kitchen with a coffee and the morning paper had left a neat purple envelope with my name written so perfectly in cursive . she had the most beautiful handwriting . i to myself as i it and out the card . " what can i say here that we haven ' t already said a million times ? " it read " i love you more and more as each day and long after we ' re gone the love we share will continue to bless this earth . happy th anniversary . . " i a small tear from my eye . she always knew just what to say a skill i never learned . i rose slowly fighting the already setting in my body . i took my with a glass of water i left on my . i slowly made my way down the hall with a slight limp i had from stumbling a little in the shower last week . i the kitchen . morning sunlight shone through the window and there at the table i saw my wife head down towards the morning paper just as . " morning . happy anniversary " i said as i up to her and my hand gently on her back . she ' t respond immediately . she always got so on reading . smiling to myself i in and her on the cheek . finally me there she raised her head from her reading and turned towards me . my heart nearly stopped . her face . my wife ' s beautiful face . i had seen it nearly every day for the past . now it was gone . where i once would see her gorgeous green there was only flesh . she had no . no nose . no mouth . there was only flesh . i backwards . " what in the . . . " she her head curiously . " ? what ' s wrong ? " that ' t be right . she had no mouth yet her voice was clear and as it always had been . i rubbed my praying it was blurry morning vision . it ' t . " . . . your . . . your face . . . " i pointed shakily as though she might not know where her face was . she touched her cheek and rubbed it as though looking for some errant crumb of toast left behind from breakfast . " did i get it ? " i for a moment then . what i was seeing was impossible . i knew that . i must be seeing i thought . did i even take my this morning ? i ' t want to worry her so i meekly " yes " . perhaps she the where her would have been both raised slightly . " thanks " she said as she turned back to her paper . i the that always made her look that much more beautiful when she . i felt dizzy so i made my way back to the bedroom . i sat down on the side of my bed and absently took my them down with the water i left on my . curious i thought . i could ' sworn i had left myself more water . i tried my best to make it through the day as though nothing was wrong . but it was . i felt my heart racing every time i caught a glimpse of what once was the face of my lifelong love . i considered myself to the hospital but i knew this would pass . maybe i just a good night ' s sleep . i ' t sleep . as she next to me i ' t help but stare at the smooth empty flesh . devoid of all i had ever known . i felt myself start to breathe more rapidly as in my . it was just too cruel to not be able to see her . i knew what i had to do . i broke my gaze and arose from our bed . i made my way slowly once more to the kitchen . as i along i thought of her face . but here ' s the funny thing . . . i ' t . i ' t picture it . now even in my her kind and gentle smile were nowhere . just a lifeless surface . just flesh . i to cry as i the drawer in the kitchen . i made my to our room perhaps even than ever . i tried so hard to remember her . my . i ' t . shaking slightly i delicately up the chef ' s knife we had used to prepare so many together over the . i to see her face again . i knew it was still in there . i pick her up from the side of the road and she like sweat old fruit in the heat . she she s not a prostitute she s just looking for a ride east . i tell her i m not looking for a prostitute . she her teeth never said you were . we ride in silence . i say i m headed east as well to the coast that she can stay with me as long as she needs but that s where i m going . she she s going in that direction anyway . the is broken in my car and we drive with the open sweat beading on her top lip her forehead black of hair stick to her face . she sometimes half i i don t when she the she just the tune slowly die in her throat . we spend the together in heat drinking in watching old on motel s lying on synthetic holding cold of beer against our . it s unspoken but after a week we stop booking different . share a bed . after the first time we we re lying in bed and she there s something inside me it inside me when i was a girl and i can ' t get it out . she real serious when she this in a way i t know her face could her together . i can see the tension can see the fault her usual play across and fall silent . she it s eating her alive that it s sat squat in a pool of her bile and beer and last night s room service and that sometimes it her voice it right from her throat and her her them back up and out her mouth . it on her carrying this thing and that it ' s like a parasite . we drive a little longer taking our time and and on plastic tables by the side of the road . she me about her childhood her her sister who ran away and came back with a and half her teeth missing . she me she never before midday that she can play the violin but the sound of it that once she was bitten by a snake and she me the scar . she me run my hand over it the pale knot of skin halfway up her calf . i tell her why i m going why i had to get out what i hope to find on the coast . we talk of the ocean and thin over a black sea fresh fish and lemon . she the from her teeth . i watch her long and tapered the of her ragged and . sometimes we lie in bed together and she rest her forehead against my back and whisper like i think you were made for me i think this is how it was always meant to go and this is where i was always meant to be . some days she can t get up . nothing in position in the motel bed staring at the wall . she t want to eat or drink and i find to keep myself busy i take long find a bar read with yellow and broken on dirty deck . i swim in that are too that make my sting and my skin pucker that turn a neon blue in the midday sun . she whatever inside her was dark and hungry and that all she can do is feed it but that most of the time she s so tired of being a host that she can t do anything . the days spent in bed come more and more and sometimes now it s whole her drawn up to her chest and i come in and find her with her forehead against the floor or so drunk she hot bile on the . sometimes when she s like this she say that make no sense she say that maybe there is no thing inside her and it s all her and it s all her brain that grey lump of matter and seizing in her skull sometimes she just say that she there s nothing inside her that she s hollow and empty like a doll . i tell her i think i love her that i think i her from the moment i picked her up and she i thought she was a hooker that i to her and give her money and that i hate her like i probably hate all . that if i could find it in myself to love her then i could find it in myself to love anyone like a sick dog shivering on the roadside and she that s what i am a dog who and her around and at the sound of thunder . she . . she me as i drift off to sleep a pillow and the floor my bed that she s sorry . that she t mean it that whatever inside her took her voice . a week later she s dead . i find her in the bathtub and instead of slitting her she s slit her belly wide open like a second mouth the incision red and clean . for a while i don t do anything i study the condensation on the mirror the faint pink of the water listen to the drip of the tap . the verify my alibi the wounds are clearly self . the police are done with it all pretty quickly . they can t find her family . we have a small funeral me and the woman at the check in desk who of lavender and my hand and me that she was so pretty and you obviously very much and even though the don t mean very much i appreciate just that someone is saying something to me . that night i cannot sleep . it s too hot . the stick to me the heat invasive under my chin licking at my back between my . and then i hear it . motion from somewhere . the outside barely illuminate the room but i can suddenly see it a dark shape into the corner of the room between the ceiling and the two so many i can t count a shape than shadow that like some giant insect . spasmodic . i can do nothing can only watch as it along the ceiling and as it closer to me the faint light from the window some of it the dense fur of its body the eager of its its glossy its whole body shivering in anticipation . i can do nothing but lie still mouth open in a silent scream as it itself slowly from the ceiling . the gossamer thread in the . the thing on my face and it s so heavy like it s made from iron and i can feel its all around me and its body slowly forcing its way into my jaw . and there s nothing i can do nothing i can do but lie there and let it force its way in until i can see its final disappear down my throat their and making my mouth burn . i wake in the morning . a bad dream i think . but whatever s inside me now is hungry . i try and smoke it out a pack of cheap smoking one after the other and the into the shimmering blue of the small pool outside . but the thing on smoke . i try to drown it sinking beer after beer in a dive bar blinded by the tacky and shirt sticking to my back it s so hot . i drink so much the world staggers to find its footing but can t and then i m out on the curb and i can tell the thing inside me soaked it all up turned all those into fat and sustenance . and after this and i know it s growing fat in my belly i stumble back to my motel room and i try and beat it out i smash my forehead against the wall until i see of light and taste iron and when they break down the door my whole face is swollen and i m telling them that something inside me in the night and i can t get it out . i can feel it stir in my stomach something heavy and black can feel it readjust itself away from the shaft of light i imagine my throat whenever i open my mouth . like a spider in a bathtub all and blinking . i m disgusted by myself . by the idea that this thing under my skin and there wet with my bile and warmed by my blood . i move back home . at least to what for home . i never make it east . when i retrace our route on a map i can see that we in lazy never really going anywhere happy and content with the idea of motion but not its consequence . whatever it is inside me me . sometimes it my voice and i do not mean but that sound like me mean and spiteful it at my tongue and my and i can feel it shaking against the inside of my teeth . it a nest with the guilt and and for them . i can hear it click with glee when i don t make it out of bed when i lie there until my head from dehydration and my skull to feel like a membrane it further into me . so i drift . i am baseless . i try and pretend that i have nothing under my skin that it is just flesh and blood like everyone else but i think people can see through that the under my the dirt on my clothes the way my face never comes to rest . sometimes i think people can see it shifting inside me people stop and stare on public transport watching these press against my skin from the inside like tent and i have to try not to cry out . i think i can spot with something inside them their that move too slow . we say nothing to each other that if we acknowledge whatever s inside one another we acknowledge whatever is inside us and then it will be real and there will be nothing we can do about that . the bleed from the world around me everything . they become brittle and shallow and nothing . there is no moment of . there is no moment where i am . i attend talk to people listen hear about what inside them how they feed it what their darkness eats and and in . sometimes people will not come back they will say the last time i see them like thank you and it been a pleasure and live well and then i won ' t see them again until i attend their funeral later . i learn what it . i learn how to feed it . how to exist . there is no grand victory there is no moment where i that to flush it out of my system i must face it head on and learn some great truth about myself and i will emerge from this chrysalis a better and more thoughtful man . there is nothing redemptive about it no i am . instead i learn when to capitulate . when to let it have the upper hand . and some days that s exactly what . it my voice and my energy and all i can do is lie on my side and drool on the pillow . but some days i learn to how to keep it quiet . it into the dark inside me a while . and when that i take my time i take long i remember her name i drive to the sea and sit so close i can taste the salt in the hate this case . i hate it with every fiber of my being . i thought it was done and buried . now i ' m back here at the crime scene . waiting in my car for the and to kick in . sending a text to my ex wife and grown child . i look into the dark of the abandoned building and i know . i know in my heart of hearts . i am going to die in there . once i feel the stop hurting my chest stop burning and my vision at the i step out into the street . the rusty on my old squeal in protest . the old abandoned st . ' s . been abandoned for now . they built the new one on the exit to the freeway . its glowing billboard quick service . ' healing with hospitality ' was the new hospital ' s slogan . but not this . no this wretched building had the of over the . the building had been home to the most vile scene of torture and madness to hit the state within the last five . as i up to the entrance chained shut with a padlock i if the building was evil or if it only evil . one thing was for sure . evil was here tonight . i fished in my coat pocket for a key . it would still be the same one from five ago . it took a little bit of work but finally the padlock open . i into the dark hallway next to the stairway . this entrance used to be an entrance for only . but i knew it well and i knew i had to get to the eighth floor . as i the my mind back to five ago . i had just my pi business back then . it was my first big case after my early retirement . my old partner threw me the lead . four had gone missing in the city within the last four . the last girl was nineteen year old . after taking a night class at the local community college . the case was closed when major caught the suspected murder . a human stain . was caught after he tried to abduct another woman . this woman pepper him and him through the cheek with her car . good for her . was tracked down the next day and dog piled by swat . in his interrogation he admitted to the of the . all twenty of them ! yeah . that ' s right . twenty . there is no way he did all of that . he was literally borderline retarded and three of the four were taken within walking distance of his apartment . he off the college down the road . but not the college was taken from . she was taken from a college away . it ' t be the first time a serial killer exaggerated their . once they the jig was up they that fame . he to have a girl every night . would start ranting and preaching when on the and logistic of his . the mayor ' s office was of pressure on the to close the case . was slowly giving out on where he the . he would eventually get to right ? my former partner rob on this . he said he was in the interrogation room with a fed . rob said the fed led in the to connect him to . of course knew of the college was taken from ! he had lived in this town all his life ! that ' s not the worst of it . there was a from the night . she had her brother who was at home waiting on her . she said she was walking to her car and him to stay on the phone with her until she made it . she had said " they " were following her . she then " ! " before the call cut out . you see ' s uncle was a cop back in the day . is police alphabet for " a d e " . was reading off a license plate just like her cop uncle taught her before somebody her . ' t have a car . ' t even have a license . he was an idiot that in his own . so needless to say ' s family ' t believe was her killer . and there was hope she was still alive . ' s uncle to come out out of retirement and start kicking down looking for her in my city . of course rob caught wind of this and him down . he pointed the uncle in my direction and i took the job at a deep discount . they could pay me in full if i found the girl in one piece . she had been gone for four days . i had to work fast . my first stop was the college she went missing from . the useless campus were no help to rob in his investigation . so i with the student safety patrol that were the real and . a nervous student told me he and his had been getting more and more to escort through the parking lot at night . he told me they had campus on a beat up suburban across the street at the closed . he even saw it two nights ago . campus told safety patrol it ' t against the law to sit in the parking lot at a . and technically the ' s ' t even in their jurisdiction . useless ! i had no further lead . i the d ' s had . so i did what all great pi ' s do . i went on a stake out at the campus parking lot . my friend agreed to keep it a secret when i him my and slipped him a hundred for two nights . as i sat in my out car with the engine off and cracked i fought boredom and the urge to not drink my soda . too much would make me need to piss and blow my cover . maybe another and would let me sneak into a building to handle my business . not a dirty old man but i can admire a gorgeous woman when i see one . also i was trying to think like the . so when a curvy redhead at the back of the parking lot nearest to the ' s across the street i up . i was a few in front of her my mirror to spy on her . i got a better look as she by me towards campus . she was on her phone and distracted . full of and purse and . she had driven a little with manual . walking fast and not aware of her surroundings she right by me and never saw me sitting low in my car . i thought . she was easy prey . i hoped her class ' t too long . if anything i could watch her and make sure she made it to her car safely when it was over . but that ' s when i saw movement by her car . someone was leaning against the passenger ' s side door . i could barely see anything in the rear view mirror . so i quietly my door and out between the . i got a few closer to him . i was a big so sneaking was hard on my . the guy wore a hoodie and with the door for a good amount of time . not a master criminal i presume . finally i the door click unlocked . he it to unlock the back door then in to lie down . i could have taken him right when he was at the door . but it would ' only been criminal trespass or burglary of a vehicle at most . a lowly class b . i him dead to . i would wait till the redhead returned . red ' s class was an hour . the whole time my was spiking . i knew what was coming was be bad . i could always tell . my arms would feel heavy and i would get cold inside . my mind would focus to a sharp point . i ' t drinking heavily then . but this case me to it . i took a couple of my flask . finally red walking and talking on her phone . she and tired . as she her vehicle i up loudly behind her . i for her to unlock the with her remote . " ma ' am excuse me ! i ' m working with the police . please up your phone and call them right now ! " i my army issue colt from my jacket . a retirement gift . had my name on it and everything . hoped it would only be used for show . the silver gleam of it her to widen . " w what ? what ! " she . " stand back ! there is someone in your ! " i said as i the pistol at the car . she did . and i loudly " come out ! let me see you ' re ! " there was a moment of silence . then the car rocking and i could hear banging on the door . red and ran to hide behind another car . all i was " oh oh oh ! " as she fled . the back door open and i a snort and a cough from within . a man sat up and squirming out first . he was in but i could see he was tall and lanky . he stood up to face me . both his had bloody wrapped around them . he back his hood to show me a toothless grin and a puss filled missing eye . i took a step back in horror . his face was covered with and he was missing a left ear and he smelled like decay . " get on the ground now ! " i . he and spit at me . " ! pervert with purple ! i see you ! i see you . ! " i knew this was speak . so i reiterated my position . " i am not a cop brother . i will stack this clip in your face and claim self defense ! " he lunged at me . he almost fell to the ground by tripping over himself . my shot range out and busted the window behind him . he shot back up and a hold of my weapon with both . we both over it . one of us must have hit the button to eject the mag it across the floor . damn ! only one round in the chamber now . and he had crazy strength . " the lord does not die tonight ! " he at me with his rancid hot breath . he was going to kill my out of shape ass with my own gun . i angled the gun towards the ground and fired the last shot to ricochet across the asphalt . the slide back to show it was empty . i then our fight over it . the idiot pointed the obviously empty gun in my face and tried to shoot me . i the head with a heavy right hook . he flew back to crack his head against the side window . i over to him and him on his stomach and sat my fat ass on his ass . he was . he was screaming and made up at me when campus . all rolling up like screaming and pointing at me . they even put me in . finally rob up with the real . campus police for help when i it was connected to an ongoing city case . he had them take me out of the cuff too . " rob this guy where is ! get me a lead and i ' get to her ! i can cut through all the red tape " i to him . " whoa ! slow up ! do you think this guy a coherent thought in his head ? " rob as the campus threaten to him in the back seat of the patrol car if he ' t stop trying to kick out the . a mixture of his slobber and blood smeared all over the glass from head butting the window . " get me a criminal history and background check . we for sure know he ' t the brains of the operation . maybe i can find an accomplice " i . rob shook the idea around in his head . " good . you were always a crap magnet on my shift . hope it you find these . " " right " i said " keep me in the loop . run home and wash his stink off me . " i turned to leave . " ahem " rob . " you forgetting something ? " he said pointing his finger at my gun . " you two at the scene of a . " i my and in close . " come on rob . its not your case . these taking it from me . besides i may need it soon if you get me that hot tip ! " rob gave me a look like parent to his child even though i had four on him . " i dont know . " " i told campus i ' d be in tomorrow to give them a witness statement . i ' return it then . " " alright you better ! don ' t get one of these in trouble by taking advantage of their lack of knowledge . we were there once too " rob . " alright . i ' play nice . just run his background quick " i said giving him a wave as i left . i had gotten home and taken a shower . i tried to abstain from the drink but my were barking and waiting around made me nervous . five and a shot of the good vodka i kept in my freezer made me right . back in those days i used the excuse that i it to be on top of my game to keep me alive in the field . so what if i was a little intoxicated . being in pain was worse right ? my phone rang around midnight . it was rob . " age twenty eight use to be a janitor at the old st . ' s . been on the street since it closed . but it better . he a model suburban with license plate ade . " " this is our guy ! or at least the driver of the vehicle used in the abduction ! " i said back already my and coat . " where do you need me ? what ' s his address ? " " we are a search warrant in the morning . i ' already sent a by his house . no suburban . i need you to check the hospital . we know he ' t the brains so she may be off site . " rob " and he had ! of them on a big . not enough for probable cause but enough for reasonable suspicion ! " i considered carefully . it made sense . he may still have old to the place he used to work . and it would be hard to get a search warrant for an entire hospital without further evidence . i to get in there fast . was on a ticking clock . it was almost like old times working homicide with rob again . when i up on st . ' s it was almost one a . m . the eight story tall block building like a dark giant in the sky . it dominated the over the short around it . most were private practice and unused parking . so it was quiet and empty . i up to the new chain link fence and padlock . i snapped the padlock with some trusty . an essential tool for pi ' s . i ' d take the criminal trespass charge if it meant saving the girl . all the were chained shut . i found a low window already partially . i the rest of the glass out with my giant mag light and in i went into the administrative wing . i had no idea where to begin my search . hopefully my bad luck would put me in the path of the bad . so i made my way to the . at least i could find a sign what floor was what . once i the dark i did find a dusty map mounted to the wall . i brushed off the dust and light it up with my light . if i was a bad guy i would take the somewhere they ' t be and ' t escape . a basement maybe ? the hospital had two of them . my heart almost gave out as i a banshee scream down the stairway from far above . the yell off the making it seem like a choir or . i ' t make it out to be male or female . it was just loud shrill and in pain . i guess the bad chose the top floor ! i at the map to see the top floor was the pediatric wing . great ! what ' s the deal with and ? as i made my way up the i take care to pace myself . what good would i be if i had no energy to face whoever was up there ? as i reach the th floor i turn on my light sporadically not wanting to catch the attention of anybody that could be somewhere in the stairway with me . as my light my ascent to the top it also chronicle a decent into madness . the are now covered with your standard curse pentagram and phallic imagery . but more and more i see a badly drawn with two purple for . over and over . some of chalk most drawl with runny spray paint by unsteady but all have the tell tell purple for . by the time i was halfway between the th and th floor the were covered with the wavey of the . they on top of each other like an army or a silent crowd watching my climb . another set of ran together underneath the stick men in an uneven hand . " . . . " over and over . " he pain he he pain he meat " it on and on . all over the the tops and at hard to reach . i kept my light off as i the platform for the th floor . moonlight in from the and the orange flicker of propane dotted further down the hallway . i slowly made my way down the hallway . i had to make my way past too many open as i the station . i could imagine another out freak charging from the dark open of these at any instant . cartoon of happy and decorated the . the creepy factor was off the and the grip on my gun was getting sweaty from the strain i was on it . the station had a glowing lamp atop it and i made the corner to see a man sitting on the floor with his back against the counter . i the man to see i you not a power drill sticking into his head . fresh blood out of the wound . at least i the mystery of who was screaming . he had blood matted and dirty nurse ' s . both his were missing too . i had seen this before with head will in the parking lot . he had a around his neck . as i bent down to retrieve it his open and he my hand . " who are ? " he said in a sing song voice . i put my pistol in his face and was about to threaten him before his hand and he went back to being quiet dead . my fear froze me . i was sure he was dead before i got to him . he had the unnatural stillness of a corpse . something i ' seen many times . how does a man look you right in the eye and question you with a sparkle in his own and just flip back to being dead ? my reverie was broken by a frantic male voice further down the hallway . " i the nurse and will ' t come back with anyone new for you ! its over ! just let me kill the girl and then kill myself ! she had enough ! " i quickly behind the desk . i peaked over to see a tall shirtless pale man walking down the hallway on his head and back and forth . " i don ' t want to keep the girl alive ! let me finish her ! enough with your sick ! " the man to no one . she ' s still alive ! she to be here ! i snuck out from behind the desk and quickly the man while his back was turned . he quickly turned to face me as i was upon him . i him right in the forehead with the butt of my pistol . he to his and i him tight by the neck . " where is the girl ! " i . now facing me i got a good look at his ugly mug . his were bloodshot and infected from tiny under his his cheek on the right side of his mouth was hanging off like a piece of ham showing a skeletal smile underneath . if they did this to themselves then what did they do to the girl ? the barrel of the gun in his cheek wound he i back . " ! where the hell is she ! i ' pick you apart until you answer me ! " i fired off two above him and the hot barrel on his temple . this made the tweaker mad . with and unnatural strength he stood up and picked me up by the throat with one arm . his off hand my pistol out of my hand to crash somewhere behind me . my back was against the corner of the high counter of the desk and the man in to look at me . i to push him off to no effect . he a rusty out of his pocket and it closer and closer to my eye . a half smile forming on the undamaged side of his face . the only an inch away from my eye before he blinks at me and stopped . he my neck to grab the chain from around my neck out my shiny pi badge . " are you a cop ? " he in a small voice holding the badge out like a pendulum before his . " y yes ! for ! backup is coming ! you should run while you can ! " i persuaded . he back at me . " i was a cop once . a deputy . " he said sadly before out a growl and his teeth like he is fighting something . " room ! " he out at me before running the across his neck blood gushing quickly . he me and fell back to the wall quickly sliding down and dying . i at him for only a moment glad for the mercy room was urgent on my mind ! i found the room quickly knocking the door open and stepping inside . on the was a small female to the railing . her face covered completely in bloody . " ! " i ! she and screaming believing me to be one of the that her . i hurry to her and pray the take a police key . they do and i pick her frail body up . she and at me . i tell her i ' m with her family as i rush her down the . her are up too and she is bleeding from somewhere . i get her outside about to have a heart attack as i fumble to call . when they had to give me oxygen also . rob up with half a dozen ' s and straight to the back of the ambulance where i sit . " you got her back ! you got her back you beautiful bastard ! " he cheered . out of all the dead he had seen in the past every victory was precious . i out weakly to give him a knuckle bump . later back at the real hospital i sat in the waiting room . came out to catch me up on the story he had together so far . " she ' s stable . but they did a number on her . cut up her face cut off of her . " he let out a very world weary sigh " they cut off her tongue to keep her quiet . but it ' t you known that it just kept her from begging . " i wounder what kind of sadist doesnt like begging from their victim ? " she will never be the same " i said while looking down at my lap . " the guy you sat on at the campus up to the three of them her . he said he was looking for a new victim to keep " . " from eating them . " rob said with a question on his face . i sat there thinking over the crazy night wanting to know more . i to go back and poke around before up . i had an idea . " shoot rob i my gun ! " he at me like " so what ? " " i shot it off and put it in the mouth " i whispered . " it will raise on the i used during my investigation when it . also think of the poor campus cop who ' t take it from me when he should ' ? " " oh god alright " rob said as he fished a key out of his pocket . " the company that the building gave me a key " he it out . " don ' t keep it ! " early morning around a . m . i roll up to the abandoned hospital . another three powder and a . i ' t graduated to just yet but you see the progression . this time i in the front door . a giant white display faced me . used to be the welcome and information sign now blank . when i got upstairs had already it off and removed the . new shift must be coming on in an hour . they had a patrol vehicle outside . rob told him to let me in to " take " for my own report . i quickly my shiny pistol . it had fallen right in a waste basket . for sure would have found it today . i around a little . only finding food and plastic filled with human waste . they must have been living here for . i into one room to see two electric still on low and losing battery . on the wall a tapestry of cartoon and smiling and . in the middle was the biggest drawling of the squiggly stick figure with purple for about tall . bloody handprint smeared around it to form a macabre halo . laying on the floor around it were all of bloody and . i saw a with a bloody knife through it its stuck together with something awful . as i bent down to look at it i saw a motion in the corner of my eye where the squiggle man stood . how do i describe it ? it was like when a character in a video game into an object . or spider its before it . it was only for an instant but the stick man and violently ! when my head back up it was still back were it should have been . but i swear the two were further down on its head looking down at me . this was enough for me . i ' d been up for over twenty i had all of in my system and i had some traumatic crap that probably will give me for . i to go home . i made the trek back down the and through the main lobby . i came to the front door and stopped to fish the key out of my pocket . that ' s when i it the voice that my for the past five . it was as if a professional voice actor was doing a mouse impersonation but more shrill and filled with malevolence . or the voice of the clown from the new king movie but with more pitch in a teasing sing song voice . " who o are ? " i spun with my gun out . the voice at something deep in my monkey brain . it told me i was in the presence of a predator . i saw nobody anywhere in the dark . but one thing did immediately catch my eye . on the giant white display was a large drawling of a squiggly stick figure with two purple . it was around five tall and had one hand up as if waving . well i got the hell out of there . i swore to myself i would never be back . whatever was this hospital was outside the all seeing view of god . it felt cold and evil . i just somehow knew . but now five later almost to the day i ' m back . and i know it ' s up there . waving for me to come in . like the wolf tempting red riding hood to put her head in its mouth . it ' s waiting for me to finish what we . part . . r the good die badly part ? medium android source was walking with my group of just laughing and fooling around when we by this small cliff . at the bottom there was a giant sewer pipe that came from the city into a dried up river below a bridge . we about the idea of going in until one of the in the group jake decided that he was actually going to enter the pipe . learning this we all tagged along not to miss this glorious event . the pipe smelled of rotting food and feces which made this much more interesting to see someone enter . we t see the end of the tunnel except for darkness . jake being the cool person he is in the tunnel and slowly his way into the darkness . we were all talking and messing with one another while he was gone . we t think much of it until a full hour had . jake did have a tendency to scare people but he t a very patient person which made some of us worried . a few of the group decided to enter the pipe just in case if jake may be stuck in a pile of sewage . the group while their as and made their way into the pipe . i stayed with most of the group and nobody the pipe . this was even more unsettling because it now been and a half since jake first the pipe . we tried to text the group and jake but we received nothing . the group either to enter the pipe to find them or to get some outside help . me being the brave and strong man i am decided to enter the pipe . i was by another guy and two with the of ava and . we made our way into the pipe and into the darkness . the farther i the tunnel the worse the smell got i t be if my in this unholy place . the tunnel was very humid and all i could hear was the of sewage beneath our . i behind me and could only see the faint light of the entrance . we and on following the twisting maze of this tunnel system until our hurt . during this time we out the of our and the throughout the . we decided to stop and rest in a section that was fortunate enough not to be covered by who what . we sat for a while and to communicate with our group on our with no such luck . we were considering heading back thinking everyone is back by the entrance when something strange . we all got a message from the group chat that the group was a part of . it came from jake do not enter it said that it was sent about after he first in . we were all confused when suddenly a noise throughout the tunnel . it like a mix between a groan and a growl . we were all standing and looking around for the source of the sound when we splashing . there was a figure in the darkness half running and half stumbling in the sewer heading towards my group . we pointed our to the figure and slowly back in case if this was some crazy person . when the light was shown on the figure it turned out to be the one girl who was in the first group of people searching for jake . she was panting like a dog and completely soaked with the sewage from our . she to speak in a fast paced voice while looking around her constantly . just as we were able to calm her down and her what she stood completely still . we were confused at first until she suddenly fell on her and went completely submerged in the sewage . i was trying to help her up when she was dragged deep into the tunnel with near impossible speed . i back and was considering following her but quickly stopped that idea . i back at my group and knew what everyone was thinking . we need to get out . we to run back the way we came from but this place was like a maze except and . as i was running i a yell behind me and saw ava being dragged into the of the sewage . i ran faster . i was running left and right trying to remember the exit of this terrible place . was next i another yell and knew it was her . i the of sewage as she was away from me and the other guy . in the distance i saw a glimpse of to a platform about a foot above the sewage . by the platform there was a door on the wall of the tunnel and i just ran as hard as i could towards it . i the railing of the and onto the platform . behind me the other guy on the railing but it was too late . he was holding on for dear life while he was being toward the sewage . he at me with nothing but fear and regret . i ran toward him but the second i touched him he was gone taken by some creature of the sewer . i sat there for a solid minute thinking about what had just . i tried to use the door but it was locked . no amount of tugging and pushing was going to open it . i don t have much battery left on my phone and i know i won t survive by drinking this filth . all i hope is that the rest of the group outside t go in . and if they did then god help them . i woke up in sweat vaguely another nightmare . this one was even worse than normal it felt so real but i could only remember of it a bright light shining in my face a dark shadow approaching me from the corner of my room with a knife a terrible itch on my chest and i ' t able to move . " damn . . . " i to myself . a wave of nausea hit me and i ran to the bathroom to throw up . i tried to remember the night before the . i remember walking into a new club to meet someone to spend the night with to take my mind of the . i could have gone to see a shrink or something but instead i chose to drown my with flaming to impress this girl . it ' t exactly work out as i was already too drunk at that point to properly hold a glass . i when i the glass of flaming liquid on my chest the girl screaming and running away and the bartender helping me put it out . i think i met someone else after that but can ' t be sure . . . i back to the bedroom to check if there really was someone there or if i was just and there she was . a girl lying in my bed vast asleep . i around her to make sure she was that she ' t throw up in her sleep or anything . blood . there was blood on her and she was cradling a knife too . my chest itching again and i the nightmare from last night . was she the dark figure i saw ? " what the ? ! " i accidentally out loud and she out of bed still holding the knife . " i see you are awake did you like my present ? " she . " what present ? " i her reply . " oh i ruined the surprise ' t i ? might as well just tell you now . . . " she with disappointment . " look down " she said smirking . i thought she was but figured it would be best to just follow the of the lunatic pointing a knife at me in my own home . i wish i ' t . there was a long poorly wound running down my chest . i did my best not to panic or scream . how did i not feel this ? did she drug me ? " i know what you ' re thinking but that wound ' t me . you did that to yourself last night after i told you there was something crawling inside of you . you don ' t remember do you ? you must have been too drunk and up to remember a word i said . . . " " who it up ? why ' t i in hospital ? ! and why the hell did you tell me ? ! " i cried out . " i was kind enough to stitch it up for you last night and they ' t . i only made a tiny incision to insert the when you out but you on carving open everything the last time you woke up . that ' s why i ' m holding the knife this time and all the . you ' re not getting rid of my so easily this time . " i ran to the bathroom to look in the mirror i ' t believe what was happening to me . my last memory was in a club and now i ' m supposed to have cut myself open ? . . . . . wait . she said something about . i felt something squirming in my chest . i ' t care if i was i had to get these . . . out of me . the thought of something squirming around inside of me on my flesh . . . it was disgusting . i around for something anything to help me . for a moment i even forgot about the in my bedroom i was so on finding a sharp object . she was laughing out there the time of her life . she in the fact that i was slowly going insane and ' t do anything about it . she forgot one thing though there was a mirror in here . i it to and a shard of glass . i cut open my chest blood streaming down from both my cut up hand and my torso . i ' t see any she me like a fool . . . i back towards the door of the bathroom towards the crazy bitch who me . i was still squeezing the piece of glass but my grip was weakening . i must have lost a ton of blood so far . . . i around trying to find her so i could attack her when i the doorbell . crap i jake we ' d out today . . . i hoped i could beat her but i was feeling too weak and fell down . the last thing i before i out was " come on in he ' be back soon . i ' m sure we ' have a lot of fun together ! " i don ' t really know how to say this or where to begin but i might as well just come straight out and say it . i think my son is eating people ! it ' s the only thing that sense and i can barely even look at him . like what is he ? is he even human ? is he still my baby ? is he going to try eat me ? i can ' t even bare to think about it right now . at the end of the day he ' s mine and i will protect him no matter what . even if that feeding him . i ' go back to the beginning and explain how and why i have this conclusion and why i believe my son blood on his literally ! have been difficult lately mainly because of the divorce . that and the fact my doting hubby ran off with the slutty cashier from . he ' d been seeing her for behind my back and to think i there god it me sick . not as sick as it made though . even his knew and before all this he his dad . even to be a fireman just like him . no ten year old should have to come to with the fact his dad not only left his but him too . he felt completely and utterly abandoned . like a piece of garbage . oh and he was angry . than i ever saw him . his posture his dark and distant . he spoke less and less and spent every second of his spare time in his room behind a closed door and drawn . in the reality that people cause nothing but pain and misery . i know now he was working on a plan to find his pathetic excuse of a cheating dad . was smart very smart . it took him less than a week of web and about to find the exact motel his dad and the were up in . i awoke yesterday morning and something inside ate at me until finally i checked room . the were closed and it smelled of puberty and teenage angst . a note sat neatly on his bedside locker . i carefully unfolded it . gone to take care of dad and his whore . i won ' t need breakfast ill eat when i get there . now you can imagine the fear the shock the confusion that through my mind as i read those over and over again rubbing my through my hair the hardwood floor of my only child ' s bedroom . i ' t but one by one the had been vanishing from his room and he was slowly becoming a man and moving further away from the boy i so dearly . i around his room somewhere along the way my child had become a stranger and was no longer the loving toddler i desperately to cling to . i through drawers his and . nothing ! finally i found a page still open on his of a motel south of town about from our home . this had to be it . it was a stab in the dark but it was all i got so i my and rushed toward the pink panther motel . what a fitting place for such a i thought . my engine as i ever closer to my destination . had never hurt a fly or even curse before what was he ? i ' t shake the feeling something was very very wrong . i on the outside the run down motel and a cloud of dust rose around my vehicle . a large statue of the pink panther down over myself and the building . i saw a row of with a rotten wooden and platform leading up to them . one was completely open and i knew that was where my child was . a mother always . i slowly crept towards the the stone chipping ' s crunching beneath my . my heart beat so hard i could feel it in my temple but i on . when i was about three from the open door i a sound that i ' t quite place . it was similar to someone running with wet on wet . a squish and squelch type of sound that the hair on my arms and neck to prickle . i carefully inched closer and finally in one swift motion stepped into the open doorway . my . there was my son . sitting bold as brass in the of the room . what surrounded him like a bomb went off in a shop . hi he with blood . son where ' s your dad and shelly ? around at the bloodshed he and raised both arms pointing all around . his white t shirt soaked in blood and a puddle of it formed under and all around him . i think that ' s dad there oh and that piece there is shelly . a lump of hairy bloody blonde scalp sat where he pointed . my jaw was on the floor as my head slowly turned side to side . the bed the even the ceiling was splashed with blood cartilage and of fatty tissue . of torn flesh and random scattered the floor like a human of a thousand . can we go home now mommy i ' m really full and would kill for forty i stepped over the worst of the remains and took by the hand . the walk from the room to the car is somewhat of a and how i set it ablaze so fast is beyond me . as we left i just how swollen his little belly was as it was to maximum capacity . like the you see on except was the opposite of . i shook such from my mind and buckled him up the of my husband and his whore from my baby ' s chin . i drove away . what else could i do ? he ' s my baby and i will protect him no matter what . ' t you ? after all he ' s all i have left in this big bad world and nothing or no one is going to take him away from me . no matter what he ' s done or what he might be . it ' s just there is one thing i should probably mention . i ' m a little i guess because it ' s been a few days and under an hour ago said something . as soon as the left his a shiver ran down my spine . i ' m hungry really really hungry . as i sit down to write this i realize that i still remember this incident very clearly . most of the from my childhood have faded but i can recall every minute detail of this exactly and i don t know whether that is good or bad . i have been by these in many and consequent restless and sleepless nights . i have often thought about what that night and although people have given me a lot of possible i cannot really say that i am assured by any of it . because none of them were in that room that night i was . it was exactly fifteen ago when on one sudden morning my father got a phone call . it was his aunt . she was his mother s younger sister . her husband had a heart attack last night and had been admitted to the hospital in their town . the had assured that he would survive the attack but his condition was quite unstable and constant and medical observation . we were the and my father was particularly close to his uncle . so off we went to visit them . it was a six hour drive to their town but there was some accident on the highway so we there after almost nine . we directly went to the hospital but my father s aunt i call her granny from here on t there . on inquiring we found out that she had been sitting there for almost and the had advised her to go back home and take rest . she was initially reluctant but then the advised her that they would inform her everything over the phone and call her if anything serious . so we went to their home . as my father drove up to the front entrance i out of the in awe . it was a mansion almost like the in the old . i knew that they were well to do but i never them to be living in this palatial mansion . i remember my father them to move closer to us so that we could check up on them easily but now i got to know why they never . who would leave this massive palace to go and live in the city ? the only house in that area was there s . the house was surrounded by lush green and a small jungle of teak and bamboo to the west of the house . there was a garden in front of the main entrance and it was pretty much evident from its that it was taken care of very delicately . little and neatly gently swaying in the wind . we on the door a few times but there was no reply . as my father was about to call granny on her phone the door slowly with a screeching sound . we saw the old housekeeper standing in front of us . he us in . as we into what felt like the living room the old with every step . all around me were old and giant stuffed of deer bison and many such wild . their were old of those and like most themselves in like hunting . i at the old housekeeper and the first thing i thought was that it might be very difficult to keep such a big mansion clean and tidy . i was looking around the room admiring those giant painted when i granny at the head of the . at first sight you could see that she was a very thin lady . her and frail and she was wearing a loose and baggy dress . her hair was gray and she wore a pair of thick glasses . there was something captivating in her demeanor and there was some restraint in the way she carried herself and it graceful on her . she slowly down the and it was prominent from her expression that she was shaken by what had although she tried very hard to show it . she came and my father s hand with both her . her were shaking maybe from the shock . she up at my father and in her there was something i t make out it was a mix of hope and helplessness fragility and strength . i could make out that behind those thick glasses the corner of her moist ready to be . but she was trying very hard to stop herself from breaking down trying to contain those . i had always that granny was an extremely reserved woman always perfectly in control of her . even when the incident with her daughter she was calm and strong . but that was twenty ago and now with age she had grown both physically as well as mentally . my father granny what had last night . she said that almost ten after had gone to give her medicine she a thumping noise . she rushed to her room and found lying on the floor his chest with his right hand and writhing in pain . she the ambulance and he was then taken to the hospital . she was there all night but had to finally come back after the assured her that there was nothing to worry about for the time being . how is now ? my father . exactly the same since the last time you had seen her . the can t offer any hope . she is like a dead body that she . i could almost hear the despair in her voice . i knew that she had a daughter who had been in a coma since the last twenty after an accident . i knew nothing more about her and all our also the topic . whenever her topic was raised a sudden gloom fell upon everyone s face . i t even know how she went into the coma and what had to her . now that you are here i feel a bit relieved granny said to my father . my father at her and i knew that he t believe what he was seeing . he had always seen his aunt as a strong self dependent woman and he could not recognize this woman who like a ship without its mast . and then the phone rang . my father picked up the phone and for a few and then there was silence for a few after which he put the phone down . he tense and then he said to granny it was the hospital . there are some . they are us to go there . they will be an emergency operation . granny and father left for the hospital and i was left in the house with the old housekeeper . he was an old man wearing a neat black suit like they show in those set in the older times . he never but there was something in his there was some secret hidden in them . being a trustworthy butler he must have kept the old family safe . he always spoke in a low voice as if someone would hear him if he spoke too loudly . but he was a nice man . he took me upstairs and took me towards the guest room . as we down the corridor i saw numerous with locked . as we the end of the corridor i saw a room with its door slightly open . it was almost completely dark inside with a very faint yellow light coming out of the room . even through that small gap i could feel the chilly air of the room coming out . i the housekeeper about the room . he kept quiet for a while considering what to say and then it s the room of mistress and towards the next room . he took out a bunch of rusty old from his pocket and the lock . pointing inside he told me that this was the guest room . as he was leaving he said if you need anything press this bell showing a rope hanging from the side wall of the room . maybe it was connected to some bell in his room . do not go outside on your own he in an ominous tone . why don t you stay with me ? we can talk and spend the night . anyways i kind of feel a bit frightened in this room it is dark and empty i . i cannot he in the same low voice . i am not to and i shall be there in the servant quarter . if you need anything just pull the string he said while leaving . as i saw his figure slowly leave the room i him saying once again do not go outside on your own . i around the room . it was a very big room but there t much furniture a bed a small cupboard a table and a mirror . there was window that to the jungle with the bamboo moving with the wind under the moonlit sky . in these of big even little giving it an eerie . it must be difficult sleeping in these . whenever the wind through the corridor it felt like someone was a mysterious tone on his flute . i at my watch and saw that it was almost . the road journey had tired me out and i felt that it would be best to call it a night . i don t exactly know at what time i woke up again but it was just before midnight because as i sat up on my bed i could hear the clock ringing midnight . at first it was like a mild whisper in my me to wake up . it was a very low and voice like a very gentle breeze blowing through a bamboo forest but there was something captivating in that voice . the voice unknown to me yet so familiar . the voice specifically me to do the very thing that i t supposed to . it me out to follow it . it was a mild whisper tickling my ear but i t really understand the direction of its origin . once it felt as if it was coming from my room itself and at the very next moment it felt as if the voice was coming from outside the mansion . after thinking for few i decided to investigate . it was slowly becoming nearly impossible to resist the voice and not doing what it was me to do . as i towards the door the with a weird noise . i made sure that the next step i took was very slow and careful so that no sound was made . taking my pretty carefully i went outside my room . as i stepped on the corridor the voice me again . and this time i could locate the origin of this mysterious voice and the revelation was pretty intriguing . because the voice was coming from my comatose aunt s room . at first i tried to question my reasoning and tried to listen even more carefully for the voice . but every time i did so i came to one conclusion the voice was coming from s room . i could still see the dim yellow light out of the slightly open door . i thought that maybe the housekeeper was here to give some medicine to . but as i myself i that that was not possible . i had down that corridor that very evening and unless you were walking as carefully as i was you were supposed to make that creepy noise from the wooden . the very next possibility that i could think of was even more frightening maybe some burglar had broken into the house . everyone in this area knew how rich granny s family was and some thief or might have targeted this old mansion to steal something valuable . there was only one way to find out if i was right or wrong and i prepared myself for it . i slowly towards the room and slowly the door . in front of was a big room exactly like the one in which i was sleeping . in the middle of the room there was single dim yellow light bulb glowing weakly . it barely lit the whole room . and in one corner i saw her lying on the bed motionless . she was surrounded by numerous and and a monitor which was showing that her feeble heart was still beating . i slowly up to her thinking if she could feel my presence . as i the foot of her bed i felt something was not quite right in this room the whole atmosphere was off . my were almost used to the silence till now and hence when i the whisper again i was really . till now all that i had been hearing was s peaceful breathing but now a voice as clear as day . i could not believe my because her t moving but i her voice . i did not know what to do or even what to feel . my first instinct was that had come back to her but there was no other movement not a flick of her not a of her . just a voice a whisper which i t even sure was hers . then to my surprise the increasing in volume . it t clear it was gibberish . it was a like the mumbling of molten underneath the surface of the earth . as if it was trying to come out but was unable to . the origin of the voice was this half dead lady who was sleeping just next to me peacefully but there was no sign that she was that sound . i tried to run away but i was fixed on the spot as if someone had fixed me to that place an adhesive . i could not even turn my from her pale face . her closed the silent rising and falling of her chest as she was breathing the only indication of life in this body . the voice was slowly getting . it was still low like a groan but it was hurting my . but i could not even bring my to cover them . it was like my body had control to this mysterious voice and it was it as it . i saw what my t believe . i saw the body lying on the bed shaking . and it t mild shaking it was shaking vigorously as if a hundred were the bed . as the body to shake the voice got even . it was a horrific echo of itself . the voice was hollow and it felt as if it was sucking everything into itself . the voice was by the thick and gave it an even more and eerie . and there was the five year old me looking on in horror standing in the middle of the room unable to even move a single muscle . i remember watching the lady on the bed laughing in a demonic voice before everything out . i was found by the housekeeper in s room the next morning . he had come to my room to wake me up . not finding me in there he decided to look for me and eventually found me in this room unconscious . he brought me back to this room . i told him everything that had a few ago . he to everything patiently and then just said you should not have gone outside on your own . and that s it . he did not speak a single word on this matter . later that day when i went towards s room i found that the door was locked from the outside . i the housekeeper but he did not say anything . my father and granny returned in the afternoon . the operation was successful and would be fit again within a few . he just rest . we to return that evening . it was more like i and persuaded my father to return that evening . on the way back i told my father everything that had the last night . my father had always been a rational man . he said that i might have all of this in my sleep . and even if it t the case what i saw was maybe a case of sleep paralysis . i to the whole explanation silently but i could not believe a single word of it . even to the day when i recall s face and that night i feel a mild chill running down my spine . and i both grew up in park city . our childhood were next to each other so we known each other practically our whole . we were best in elementary and middle school before we dating . we spent almost every day together sometimes sleeping at the house for at a time . i think i spent more of my childhood with mar than i did with my own brother . on top of that our were close so when one of our went on vacation the other one often got along . i went to every summer with her to visit her family and she came with my family every year to to visit my . my grandpa her and before we dating he would ask my brother when he was finally going to make mar an official part of the family was always his strong suit . when i told him i was going to propose to her after she graduated he drove his year old ass all the way down to so he could be there with a bouquet of red to hand over when he saw the ring . long story short i knew cortez inside and out . mar was my soul mate my best friend and she was supposed to be my life partner . we t identical but we knew each other well enough to accurately predict if the other would like a new recipe or an obscure necklace at an old flea market . so when people tell me that this thing parading around to be is the real mar all i want to do is scream until my vocal give out . . . . i still don t know what to mar . the real mar . i haven t seen her since not up . it felt like so long ago now . . . i think i knew that something was wrong that day . we d had to postpone our valentine s day date since she was in st . for work . one of her tipped me off that she had gotten home a day early . he told me she was going to stop by a family friend s house before she me at home . she saw the actually now that i think about it . their daughter went missing too . she was supposed to come home for but her thought she must have been too busy with art school to come home . it t until her and how she was doing that anybody she was missing . that was a few days before mar got back from st . . i don t know why but i have a feeling it s connected . anyway when her told me she d be home that afternoon i to convince my boss to let me go home a few early . i to surprise her instead by getting home only a little after her eta surprise her while she was and i had even gotten a of the better version of it and a bottle of wine from s . it was going to be a fun night in . it should have been a fun night in . when i got home it was already getting dark out . i think i knew something was wrong deep down . when i up only the living room light was on . she usually goes straight upstairs to our bedroom away her and into something not stuffy and professional . but the bedroom light t on . i just assumed she had spent a little longer with the and had just gotten home a minute or two ago . i went inside and was to find her in the kitchen or living room . her stuff was still on the couch where she always leaves it if she t take it up to our room right away . she s usually just a snack or going to the bathroom if she leaves her luggage on the couch . i t find her though . i in the kitchen and she t there and after about five i checked the bathroom too and she t anywhere . i think that ' s when i really to panic i checked all of the our bedroom the guest bedroom the laundry room the pantry any room i could think of i for her . my heart was beating so fast i t hear my own breathing . the was the last place i thought to look . it always is t it ? looking back i don t know how i t realize the black residue on the doorknob was strange . i don t think i even really it when i it to the . it was only later when i was trying to wash it off my that i how weird it was . . . . i t tell this next part to the police . i t think they would have me . she was in the when i stepped out there . i t turned the back porch light on since the living room window was open enough to let the light out . at first i thought she was standing . i saw something on the ground and i thought maybe she d brought home another stray dog to care for . but dogs don t wear bright teal suit . it took me an embarrassing amount of time before i the figure laying prone was mar . i don t know how i t scream even now . i think i just froze when i saw that thing standing over her . it t human when i back up at it after i that mar was the one laying down . it had a head and like people do but they were . . . off . its were jagged at the like when an artist is too hard on and not enough on the softness and of the body . its face was almost flat . if it had a face i t tell . i think it might have had the foundation for it like those mannequin at s . at first i thought it was wearing a mask with some kind of reflective material . the living room light hit it in weird reflecting off of its skin or whatever the hell it was like it was water . it was moving like it was alive sitting on whatever was making up the structure of that thing . have you ever seen those or of the human muscular system ? it like it was trying to emulate that but as if it only had rope ink and fresh asphalt to use . it was right after i noted the wetness of its body that i saw how it had onto mar . its into something that might have been supposed to be arms but they were all over mar . my first thought is that it was going into her y know like those alien where the infect the people like ? but that s not what it was doing i don t think . i don t know how i know or why i even thought of it in the first place but it was like it was out of mar . its arms or whatever were digging under her skin and almost with her so it could remove whatever it was after . i don t know how long i stood there . long enough to know mar was probably dead . she t at all . i still don t know if it saw me or not . if it did it t do anything that night . after i saw it start to soften around the and melt away its weird inky wetness into what i m positive was human skin you best believe i booked it the out of there . i t come to the house back for a few days . by then it was empty . spotless even . i obviously something with the police . i told them only that she was missing . there t even anything in the that would have what i saw anyway . her luggage was even put away . i thought i had been it all until i that her clothes t put away right . she s always been particular about her clothes if they t in rainbow color then what s the point of being gay ? this time there was an obvious error that would have her throwing a dramatic fit a yellow shirt left in between a lavender tank top and mauve suit jacket . when the police told me they found her at work i got excited . maybe i really had just dreamt it all up and mar was safe and probably wondering where the i was . that t it . i t recognize the person who came home soon after . i know i never seen her . seen it . when she tried to hug me and kiss me hello saying how much she s home i almost her . immediately after she saw that i t recognize her came that creepy grin . it was so wide so inhuman it almost her it s and like a giant chasm in its face . it sent down my spine . everything in a blur after that . it took me about thirty to pack my and leave for a friend s house . i tried finding other people who the mar i knew . nobody her . i had away in secret i was working on a photo album for our th anniversary coming up and none of the photo the on or . the mar in the old had a nose like a statue and beautiful deep brown skin the on social media lighter skin and nose closer to that of a pixie narrow and turned up at the end . flat were now rounded and youthful under her were now with smooth skin . it even taller than mar . nothing was right . not even her me . i shown them the real of all of us together on a family trip down to worn and soft around the with age but they chalk it up to my theatrics and graphic visual background . they pretend like the writing on the back of the year old photograph t their own and that the slightly corner t from when mar bourbon on the scrapbook when we were drunk crying over old at a holiday party . that the one i snagged all of our from somehow got lost when they a few later . i know that thing that s not had something to do with it . when i her where the had gone that thing that s not at me like we were a secret that same creepy grin that like it was going to split its face in two . it knew that her t believe me even with the and it was like it was taunting me to keep trying to show them what it really was . i have no doubt not stole every photo it could . i kept trying to find someone anyone who knew this was fake . i gave up after a few . not t seem when i for a divorce but it me if i was sure we t work through our . i did punch it that time . i don t know if it s going to kill me too . i don t think it will . i think it knowing how i am of it . how i am that mar t the only one who s not real . " dad why is that clown following us ? " i look around and see nothing . me and my five year old daughter are walking home from a late night food shopping trip the were looking bare i thought a trip to the local shop would be a fun getaway . i reach down and grab her hand " what do you mean ? i don ' t see a clown are you a prank on me ? " i ask her while grinning trying to hide the creeping fear in my voice . " he is in that bush ! is he dad ? ! can we get ? " she . i have never got the expression " my blood ran cold " but it had just clear . crystal clear . looking into the darkness behind me sure enough i see it . red that like they came out of a costume shop . what type of freak does this ? i freeze for a split second before to pick my daughter up and start running . i to shout at the guy but all of my natural were telling me to get the out of there . i have watched too many horror to know everything about this situation is completely . then i hear the of someone running after us and the distressed squeal of what like dog on their last . this sick is following us . chasing us . in and i am running faster then when i was and prime fitness of my life . my daughter screaming and crying . " where is his face daddy his face is gone " i keep running . i have no time to look back i need to get us to safety . as i turn the corner i manage to pull out my phone and dial . then i trip . my daughter through the air time to be moving in slow motion . i hear the squeaking stop and my get . i must of hit my head my vision is and i can ' t stand . i start shouting at the freak to stay away from my daughter he walking towards her . i scramble to find something to throw at him nauseous i attempt to hit him with a rock . it . then he at me . his is raw flesh his teeth on show with no to them his stare into mine unable to blink as he no . then he my daughter tossing her over his shoulder and away . i attempt to chase him but my head is and i have broken my ankle . i lay here knowing i have completely my child . what a letdown i am . who where this inhuman piece of is taking her . what if . . . no i need to get up i need to get her away from that . . . but i can ' t . i have to lay here thinking about where the my daughter is right now . then i hear the . i at her from across the bar she was just out on the laughing and moving with her ginger hair swaying with each movement of her . to anyone else she would have blended in with the crowd of dancing post teens but to me she was like a beacon in the night . in that moment i wish it could have been just me and her alone in that club . unfortunately we t and since i d been staring for quite a while my quickly caught on . you could go and talk to her instead of staring ben said pushing me as he to the woman behind the bar that he a refill . jake who was on the other side of me me back towards ben and . you re right ? don t you remember him trying to talk to amelia ? it was a disaster people t drop it for i turned away from the bar and they me still over my as if i t there . shut up . i m not go talk to her i m not ready for that ben me by the no but when the are you going to be ready ? you can t just everything off every time you think you might get ! no ben but i thought that was exactly what i was doing ben his mouth but instead of hearing a biting remark i instead a bloodcurdling scream . the collective gasp from behind made all three of us turn around it would have been comical if not for the scene before us . a guy was lying on the some kind of fit . his were wide and he was punching his arms out while trying to push his body across the his . a familiar ginger haired woman was darting around him trying to find a gap in his so that she could restrain him . ! i as i ran over to them my in tow what the is this ? she snapped her head round to look at me desperate . i don t know we were dancing and then he and fell over . he needs help ! ben at my side more than that the guy needs shut up and call an ambulance i turned him around and him out of the circle then get them to turn the on together me and fought for control of his it was difficult at first as he kept to get out of our grip but once jake and a couple other big came over to help us we to get him pinned down . even with all of us holding him down i could still feel him trying to resist . i was mildly i d have given up by now for sure . i briefly thought about someone to restrain his head as i thought he would try to whack it off the floor or something but just then the big fluorescent to life above us and ben ran onto the . did you ring i through teeth . i t get through ben but there s an guy outside he take him to the hospital free of charge and how the do you propose we get him in there . well it s a big one he could probably take a couple of these with him ? i go jake said the right armpit and for me to let go you re a bouncer right jake to one of the big who d come over to help us . reluctantly his other arm and him up with jake grunting a complaint as he did . work security they said that be a cool job for a student together they dragged him out of the club as the rest of us on . he still tried to put up a fight but he was less able now . the weight of all of us on his must have them so he until he was out the door . after that the club to wind down for the evening it was still three to time but that fit had clearly the itinerary . as me and ben were trying to filter out of the i felt a hand grasping at the collar of my shirt and turned to see an offensive mass of pink spiky hair . . he me out of the crowd ben and close behind . what the hell just he . i don t know the guy just went crazy was it your fault ? yeah i used my magic behind the bar and open a beer . you know what i mean . was he one of those that you smuggle in last time ? what ? no and for the record i t know that those had epilepsy ! all they told me was that they d been barred ran his through his pink hair and fine who sold him the ticket ? did he look like a type ? bowed her head and to say something but i interrupted it was me but i know the guy from he s religious i think . right straight edge . well it s getting harder to find someone to blame shot me a grateful look to which i just . what do we do then ? ben i mean with to well you don t get a day off if that s what you mean . i want you all out tomorrow night selling as usual but be sure to tell everyone that we open at one instead of eleven and that and will be than normal if that s possible i quietly shook his head and back the last of his beer . now go my student reps and try not to tarnish my reputation again together we out of the at and and watched as they the door shut behind us . remind me why we work for that again ? ben . i raised an eyebrow and . i believe it s something to do with sleeping with him during me into ben with just a measure of friendly malice . i think you both find it s the . an hour wage for doing nothing . which if you remember i got us we and but the mood soon out we in silence for a while until my hand and spoke . thanks for covering for me i been on a edge since he caught me in the i at her and her hand no problem but you did sell him the ticket right ? he was your date ? not really a date more arm candy ? well whatever he was ben as he lit up a cigarette he took something that sent him we turned the corner to our apartment building and i let go of s hand to fish the out of my pocket . ben leant up against the wall and got his phone out . i m wait out here coming over tonight great guess i be cracking out the again tonight i . ben s laughter in the entryway as me and the to our apartment . it was a cheap student housing affair but it had enough room for me ben and more recently jake . his stuff was all over the sofa piled up with pizza and of chicken . past the carnage and . you know we should really get him to do something about that she turned to me smiling but saw the serious look on my face . what the was he taking ? she turned away from me . t often one for keeping but when she did it was either serious or scary . who s to say he was taking anything ? we can tell . make sure that no one who it admitted and y know keep our it was probably just some bad weed or something i don t know bad weed ? you got to be right ? the guy had some kind of seizure a plastic sandwich bag out of her jeans pocket and threw it on the kitchen counter . it was filled halfway with a bright red substance . it was stringy and together and the colour was disturbingly striking . this is what he took ? man what even is this ? that s what i said when he me . he just and gave this bag to me what for free ? what was the catch ? nothing as far as i could tell he said the first taste was free . we were going to smoke it together but obviously i had to work with you before we hit the club . stupid must have smoked it on his own before meeting me i the bag back on the counter . if they were giving it away for free then it had to be new no wonder it flew under s radar . well tomorrow i take this to and say that jake got it off him at the hospital . with any luck he crack down on it the guy will recover and it all work out you see it felt like i was trying to convince myself more than . as i out of the kitchen i how exhausted i was . i t been sleeping well recently had up late into the night talking to someone a lad no doubt . couple that with the fact that i d spent my evening straining my meagre to keep a six foot drug dealing jock on the floor meant that physically i was pretty as well . i turned to say to but she had the bag in her and was looking closely at the contents . she worried but there was also something else there in her something that i t like . ? probably worth going to bed after everything that s right ? she up at me with guilty and the bag onto the counter turning her back on it and walking towards me . what do we do with it for tonight ? i it just leave it there . ben wont mess with it he be and into her room . i t go into mine until her door shut and locked the last thing i was for her to get curious with a drug that people crazy . once i was satisfied that she t come out until morning i got ready for bed and lay down to go to sleep . as usual i found it difficult to drop off but something was different . i felt like someone or something was watching me i d be lying in the dark with my closed and get this primal impulse to hide . i d wake up and flick on the light but there d be nothing there . at around am i something strange . it like muffled yelling or something and it was coming from the kitchen my instant first thought was that had gone back for the . i burst out of my door and into the kitchen . there was a woman standing in there but it t . this woman was much shorter than her with blonde hair she was wearing a dress that a bit too glamorous for an early morning kitchen . i made the mistake of calling out to her . hey who the are you ? the woman turned to me but she t looking directly at me she was looking just behind me . slowly she forward and a knife out of the block in front of her . now i was i briefly considered a bit and knocking on s door but as far as i knew this woman t know about her yet . it s fine . it s just put down that knife and we can talk about this . what do you want ? i tried to remain calm but i could hear the in my own voice it was the first time i d ever a sentence that fundamentally fear . i was frozen in place i should have run away or locked myself in my room but all i was on was her which were looking just off to the left of me . it was the closer she got because she t shift her vision at all i m not even sure she blinked . she was now close enough to hurt me . i was out of time to make a move my last option was to rush her and hope that she really t on me . if she just had a lazy eye then i d be cut to but there was also the possibility that i could catch her off guard . just as i was to rush forward the front door and jake in . my over to him and the woman spun on her throwing the knife in his general direction and screaming as she did so . jake wasted no time in diving to the floor i watched as the knife just him and off the door frame . there was a moment where nobody . the woman at the open doorway where the knife had been . i rushed her tackling her to the ground and my full weight to her back so that she t get back up or throw me off . the second i touched her she screaming and she t stop not even for air . i her off the floor and sat her down in the recliner . she tried to get up immediately so i had to try and hold her down in the chair . i at jake to help me but he was crouched behind the breakfast bar in the kitchen something on the floor as far as i could see . suddenly was at my side hand over her mouth . what the is going on here she . just help me hold her down before she to stab us all again took the woman s left arm from me and to push her back into the chair as she strained against us . jake stood up and . ben s hurt back here i need some help if we let her go who what she do to us i snapped in frustration this she the woman hard across the face . her head snapped to the left then against her shoulder . what the ? i holding my phone screen in against the woman s to check that she was still breathing . had already run over to ben and even from across the room i her gasp . he was lying on his back behind the breakfast bar an ugly looking wound on his left temple . jake and were over his head trying to get him to wake up but all they got out of him was strained . we need to get him to the hospital i trying to urge everyone into action . that from is still outside i was just coming back for a change of clothes together jake and ben and slung his arms over their i get him into the and take him over you stay here call the police and watch her i went to take over from but she t move . i go too i i think it d be better if you stayed here why ? he s my friend too well for one if she wakes up you can hit her again she like she to argue but her . she tired more tired than usual . i made a mental note to check in with her when i got back and jake to drag ben carefully down the and out into the car . to his credit the driver t even flinch just us if we to go to the hospital again . he something about crazy and the for us . i could go with you help you carry him in jake as we strapped ben into the back seat . i be alright i m more worried about . could you keep an eye on her ? jake and me round to the passenger side door when you get there that guy is on ward in room five . they said he might be waking up soon when i left could you check on him ? we might be able to get some out of him about the club i cautiously i will promise the driver took off before i d even gotten a chance to fasten my . from our apartment the hospital was only a few away physically but the make you follow this stupid one way system that you all round the city ring road and in through the other side of town . we d barely been on the road ten before the driver tried making small talk . he t what i d come to expect from around the city . he was old and spoke with a posh accent his clothes expensive and there was an enthusiasm in his voice that you just t hear often in people who drove around for a living . i saw you t i ? you were one of the people that bloke who had a fit right ? i politely and . i bet it was some kind of drug right ? these days will try anything for a bit of fun i t think of anything to say so i just gave a small chuckle and out of the passenger side window . we drove in silence for a while and i to worry that i d somehow offended the guy but when i turned to check out his face he and at me . the bloke you rescue was a bit of a handful i tell you i m sorry to hear that i hope he t break anything he made a dismissive hand motion and . no no he t do anything like that . your kept him well restrained but he sure fought against them i could see his straining in the mirror . he was one creepy guy too glad i t the one in the back with him i given the drink and the insanity of the whole thing i probably had a few false of last night s but the guy i d pinned down was anything but creepy . to me he d just like your typical sports major . what do you mean creepy ? well it was his mainly he was being in place but his were everywhere . he was looking out of all the and making weird . then suddenly he just staring at the passenger seat you re in of course it was empty at the time . it was freaky like he was looking at something but there was nothing there i a shudder the guy t wrong that was strange but when i d seen much worse . we spent the rest of the journey in silence with the tension of the driver s story just hanging in the air . occasionally i back and checked to make sure ben was still breathing now that it d stopped bleeding the wound t look as bad but i was still worried . finally the car up outside a e and i tried waking ben up again before getting him out . he was a little more responsive groaning groggily as his open . i the driver and went to the desk they brought out a for him which was a surprising development i d half to have to sit in the waiting room with him for an hour before they d see him . they told me i d have to wait outside whilst they sorted out his wound so i thought i d take the opportunity to go see the creepy bloke i d save . i found the ward easy enough and after getting the help of a nurse and wandering around for a short while i saw the guy who d gone to the hospital with jake sitting on a chair outside of a room . i up to him and he stood . man it s good to see a friendly face that was optimistic i barely knew the guy . well by friendly i mean not crazy he you re not the first one to say that the driver a spooky story with me on the way over he told you about that ? it was proper creepy man like i m not really afraid of anything but him staring like that ? gave me the hey is jake coming back ? no i said shaking my head he s dealing with something at home but he me to go in and check on the guy if that s alright ? it s fine so long as you don t mind what he none of this particularly good but if i m honest the whole scenario did have my interest . i took a deep breath and open the door to get into the room . as soon as i in i felt uneasy the guy was strapped to his bed and his head turned rapidly to allow his gaze to flit around the room . he t pay any attention to me as i up to him . it was only as i sat down next to his bed that i got an indication that he even knew i was there . i can t see them but they re always there it t a great start but i chose to ignore what he d said . i was there to ask specific not feed his . hey man i m do you remember me ? the guy turned to look at me for just a moment before to look around the room in a manic fashion . you were at the club you me when i t make sense of that s right i just came to check if you re he a deep maniacal chuckle that his entire body . ? i m far from if you d seen behind the curtain as i have then you t be either listen do you remember how exactly you behind the curtain the red i was given them so that i could see yeah but who gave them to you i was becoming impatient now and he to sense it . for just a moment he snapped out of whatever madness he was in . she she said they were new the guy shook his head and but i hardly . gave the to him . . i thought back to how defensive she d been and the look in her eye as she the bag in her . i at the guy in front of me thrashing and screaming and i felt a pit open up in my stomach as i that was responsible . the big question was why ? hey everybody . i ' m and . . . i don ' t really have the energy for my usual right now . here ' s the links i made beforehand . . . in case you ' re new . xb . the vintage wedding dress the room the crow the new employee the robbery the road sign the dog the cabinet of xb i know it ' s getting long this list of in my museum and you haven ' t even seen the half of it . so . . . this all last in our museum the hall of the cursed . i ' do my best to tell you about it . xb morning was a great morning . had worked the night shift so em and i had gotten to sleep together . i woke up with her arm under my head and her thick curly hair in my mouth . xb " em ! " i in a way i ' t for a long time high and girly . " em ! " xb em was completely unbothered and did not deign even to open her . " suck it up you ' re the one who to shed all over the bathroom . " xb " only because i end up eating all your " i said spitting it out of my mouth with over exaggerated of disgust . xb " you know you love me " em clearly still half asleep . xb i her and said " yeah whatever . " xb that was when a crash downstairs . i was already out of bed and halfway into my clothes em groggily rubbing her beside me when threw open our bedroom door . her lovely and clear and blue were wide and frantic . xb " sorry wake crow museum " she chest heaving as she drew desperate . well she probably actually said more than that but that ' s what i . xb em and i ' t even have to share a look . we down the close behind . at the time i found it funny em running downstairs in her nightgown me in a business top and purple fluffy pajama pants . xb i don ' t find it as funny now i think . xb we burst into the main room of the museum em the door open with her goddess like strength fire burning in her dark . god i love her . xb the scene ahead of us was chaos . along all crouched frightened trembling and white with terror . in the center of the room stood five people of various and . they had nothing in common nothing visually at least except that they all stood staring blankly ahead at something out of their control . and that thing was the crow . xb the crow in the air his splayed out on either side of him as he down the five people before him . his once more glossy and black than usual and the dark color seeped from their out into the air . of black curled around them warping and the crow ' s surroundings . his beak was wide open and had turned pure white and as i i saw that his a blinding white as well . xb i kept racing toward him against hope that i could get there in time but it was as if the air around me had turned to corn syrup my as though i were running in a dream . i my mouth to scream to tell the crow to stop and nothing but a low guttural grunt came out . xb the crow raised his higher still hovering without a single beat of them . the darkness spread and spread . beside me i em grunt too and then there was a blinding flash of light and then xb then everything stopped . xb i was the air turning thin again faster than my pitiful human brain could process . my straining me forward so quickly that i had no chance of catching myself . i to the floor as my from the impact . next to me i em hit the ground too . xb i myself up already of the i was sure to sport the next day and what met my was precisely what i feared . all five people the crow had been affecting lay on the ground dead . blood from the burst their their their . it on the floor around them . i as a weight landed firmly on my shoulder . the crow returned to his elderly form his left and used his beak to preen his . xb i shook my head . people all around me were scrambling for the . i ' t try to stop them . xb " what the hell man ? " i said to the crow . he gave me a reproachful look beady practically offense . " listen i ' m sure they deserved it but that spectacle i ' probably spend convincing the police again that giving me a long leash is a good idea especially after the last time ! " xb the crow stubbornly shook his head . like actually shook it right to left . xb well that me . " listen here buddy . you don ' t pay any rent and i don ' t know what kind of being you are but you do realize don ' t you that if the police decide i don ' t get free reign you ' re not be able to stay here as you like ? " xb the crow and took off . i him glancing behind me first to make sure em was where she sat gathering her breath against the wall . xb i the crow to the very back of the museum to a door i knew well . i it and him through . to my surprise he on my shoulder again giving me an expectant look . xb i at him but continued down the corridor . xb to the left and right sides were the two of them both un . at the end of the hall was the door i the one to the basement . xb the crow . xb " what the hell ? " i in agreement . xb in front of the door stood . her back was to me and she was fiddling with the door to the basement . xb " excuse me " i said loudly . whirled around . her face briefly displayed her shock and then she quickly schooled it back into neutrality and professionalism . xb " i was " she . it ' t sound like she quite knew what she was doing . " look i ' m sorry i just i " xb " we need to talk " i . xb the crow again clearly . xb . . . xb em bless her took care of the police . understandably they ' t happy with the situation but it turned out that all five men were suspected for leading a sex ring . upon investigating them the police found the evidence they would have to convict . so overall they ' t too shaken up about it . from the brief look em took into them by touching each of their we knew they were not mistakenly accused . xb i sat down in my office which was actually my kitchen while em watched the museum as it slowly filled back up with people . the crow was still on my shoulder looking immensely with himself . xb " you have ten to explain and if i ' m not satisfied with that you ' re leaving here and never coming back " i said . xb her mouth but before she could speak there was another crash . xb " wait here " i and out . xb again chaos . several people were around the small vintage which was as always the cursed tape . instead of the choir singing on the tape though there was static . xb ' t rewound the tape . xb " " i said . xb em was already there comforting the hysterical people by the . a woman inconsolably and said the name " " several times pointing at the . my stomach twisted although i ' d known from the moment i the static what must have . xb i a dark look with em and the rewind button on the tape . when the click and the of the stopped i grimly let it play . xb there was the choir people of all and . there was a new addition in the top right hand corner with to house a few . the man standing there was wearing a green modern sweater unlike most of the other who wore much older clothing . also unlike the other choir the man though singing with the was clearly stricken with terror . his were darting around as though searching for an escape . beautiful low rang from his throat while he and as though trying to escape a binding . xb the sobbing woman took one look at the new addition and her husband ' s name anew grief and horror coloring her voice dark . xb i my fist . i was going to kill . the ' t anyone for over five and that time was because i was on my own and had become terribly injured . the museum had closed then and someone had broken in during the night . the ' t been rewound and the member of its chorus . the man was a countertenor and after so much time had now resigned to his fate in the top left . xb i . would come to this point too eventually . xb i the panicked to other em to take the new widow off in a different direction to talk and sign some although we were covered even if she . i in frustration then . with em dealing with the woman and other in the museum though confused and afraid i ' t go up and talk to right then . xb " mind keeping an eye on her ? " i said to the crow out of the corner of my mouth . xb the look he gave me very clearly said " what am i a ? " but he went nonetheless perhaps feeling bad for the trouble he ' d . xb were smooth for a while after that relatively at least . but weird kept happening . i at the last second that the sapphire hourglass ' t been turned all the previous night luckily we only do it once an hour out of an abundance of caution and there was still time left before it . still it was closer than i ' d care to admit . i had no idea what sort of devastation it would wreak if to empty completely . someone had unlocked the box that the porcelain horse stood in . luckily no one had thought to open it and look yet since the said not to anyway but still . i ran around the museum frantically double everything . xb was trying to kill me ? em ? someone else ? this had to have been her doing right ? xb finally em had finished up with the woman so i could go back and talk to . xb i swung the door to the kitchen er office open to find not there . the useless crow was though and happily himself back on my shoulder . xb enraged i back downstairs then to the corridor . when i the door to the basement i saw that it was cracked open . xb i cursed under my breath extended my hand and the door open . it was light inside and i to enter . xb . xb " ! " xb i ' t give the basement a second glance . i back down the corridor and into the museum ' s main room the poor crow and the door to the hallway behind me . screw and whatever she was doing . that was my screaming . xb when i stepped back into the museum i ' t have to look for the problem for long . xb the cabinet yes the one i keep locked with heavy was open . xb the museum was . cursed lay strewn across the floor some vibrating or with weak light some or other of distress . fled left and right unsure of where to go . the front were blocked by the from the cabinet which the at a slow steady sure pace . xb the from the cabinet were truly horrific just as bad as the that had taken ' s life so many ago . xb at first glance they like people pale skinned and tall but the closer i the more wrong they . there were several and each was precisely the same height . their were identically blank from a distance but when i tried to focus on them they turned into i knew . my . one that like all grown up . that traitor probably . . the five deceased men . some people i ' d known in high school . my middle school crush . but their . . . they ' t quite right . their were just a little bit too far apart set a little too high into their . their were just off to the right or left side their just a little too small or large to be believable . they their and their teeth ' t quite the right shape not the right texture . xb they spoke to me . to everyone i ' m assuming . on the shoulder i felt the crow stiffen just slightly . xb " we miss you " my extending to me . the had no characteristic no . no or . their were odd . " please we miss you . " xb " i love you " said the wrong em . the real em crouched in terror a distance away her hand still resting on the forehead of one of the like it was stuck there . her at nothing . " " the wrong em and its voice was the wrong voice a little too high a little too reedy to be my em ' s . " i love you . " xb " help me " . he took another step toward me swung his leg with the rest of his body . no just a sort of swing as he forced himself forward all at once . his were perfectly straight . no . " you said you would help me help me . " xb despite his frantic all of their frantic their were perfectly even . not a single one of them broke . xb i ' t know what to do . xb so i did what i did when i was just a . i ran to the cabinet and i put my on the . xb instantly the turned to me everyone else . em was suddenly able to drop her hand from her adversary ' s arm and in deep of air looking up at me in horror along with the . the not as i ' come to call them in the past few days since they are not quite right not quite what they ' re supposed to be . xb i had their attention i knew . " i ' m going to close these " i said in a low voice dangerous as i could muster . i knew my voice was shaking anyway . the blank on the not did not change . " i don ' t know if you ' survive out here when i do . what do you think ? " xb it was a gamble . i really ' t know since the had already been dead when i closed the the last time . but i remember how the color nasty and pale as it was had drained from them when the cabinet was shut tightly how even the remnant of their . xb and the gamble worked . the not rushed at me a throng of panic and fear and that unsettling blankness still always blankness . vacancy in their not in the of their not and in their not . i them to enter the cabinet . xb the two not with my " stopped before me . xb " in " i snapped pointing keeping one hand on the cabinet . my quivered . i could feel the cabinet calling murmuring sweet to the core of my being . i to go in it so much . i locked with em and it me . " in or you ' re out here and i ' m them anyway . " xb their blankness was a sad one somehow . they stepped into the cabinet . xb i went to close it . i ' m sure i did . my brain the thought . close the it said quite prudently . close them and lock them . but i froze . i must have anyway though . . . i have to admit i don ' t remember clearly . xb a hand unnaturally smooth and cold wrapped around my wrist . xb all thought abandoned me . i felt the of my face relax against my will all thought of fighting drained from my body like water running off my skin . i know what i did next although i ' m not to admit it and i still don ' t understand why . what i do understand is that it satisfied the terrible pull the great want in my heart and body . xb i stepped into the cabinet of and the swung shut behind unread ? yes no hi again ally ! the other full time and i were to receive your approval ! a bus will arrive for you tomorrow morning at am . we chose you for a reason and can ' t wait to see you soon . thanks again for agreeing to attend camp and we are excited to see you soon ! hope to see you soon ! leader it ' s been three days since i received the first e mail and my third day at camp just begun . i have to say my sister me up might not have been so bad . despite all the weird i ' m still kicking and if to clean up one of my camper ' s vomit is the worth paying me i ' do it any day . i sit up in my bed and look out of the dorm ' s window . the sun rose a few ago by its position in the sky and i take a peek at my phone . sigh . the breakfast bell at so there ' s no point going back to sleep . i rise out of my bed and check that all my are still asleep . one two three four five six seven eight . . . all the are full and satisfied i leave the dorm carefully shutting the door behind me . i decide to walk out to the lake where another camp leader evidently taken his group . wait . i approach carefully painfully aware of rule . but then the leader turns around and i can see that it ' s leader of dorm . i playfully punch his shoulder smiling as he turns around . " hey ! " he his handsome face breaking into a smile . he about a year or two older than me and we ' been subtly flirting since our first day here . " hi . what are you doing up this early ? " i reply looking out at the lake . three of his are swimming all with orange life i note and the rest have split into and are racing their . " the to have go out to the lake so i figured why not ? " i nod in agreement . " my are the same they love running around the . " we look out to the camp for a moment awkwardness steadily growing . " so " " do " we both start at the same time and i smile at him . " what were you saying ? " " i was just wondering when this camp is over " i beam inwardly eagerly what i hope to be an invitation to date . " would you want to catch up sometime or get a coffee or something ? " " y " i open my mouth to answer and that ' s when i see it . out on the mirror flat lake one of the begun to rock violently . the sitting on it are gripping the and as i look closer i can see long black slowly rising from the water . i grab in a panic and spin him around so that he can see the predicament taking place . " look the boat rocking ! " his face in a way that would be comical if we ' t out our . he his whistle and the look up at him sadly blissfully ignorant of the dire situation we are currently in . i rush back to the searching for a neon cap . there . " rule ! rocking ! " i yelp at the camp leader my mind reduced to mush by the panic . he and past me moving at a phenomenal speed . i rush behind him my powered by adrenaline . when i arrive back at the lake i see that successfully the out of the water but the other canoe remain out either oblivious or just his . " take them " i say to him " i ' get the other canoe . " he panic in his . i watch him leaving for a moment the trying to turn around and see what the fuss is about . he his arms behind their and them onwards though leaving me on the shore of the lake with the leader . " what do we do ? ! " i cry in a panic but he turns towards me and his hand over my mouth . " you need to stay here and stay quiet . if you try and attract the other canoe you ' attract them and nobody that . i ' m going to swim out and try to get the other canoe . if you hear me blow my whistle again though you need to go back to your own group . " " o . . . " i whimper in reply . the leader at me pityingly and with a sad smile into the lake . i watch as he with all his speed to the non rocking canoe reaching them at an astounding speed . i watch their as he rapidly to them . they ' re first incredulous then worried then downright . he pointedly at them and they nod and with a sigh of relief i see them making their way back to the shore . the other canoe however ' t so lucky . i watch in horror as the latch around the edge of the boat and an impossibly skinny black figure itself onto the boat . even from this distance i can see its mouth slowly opening to an impossible angle and slowly lowering other one of the camper ' s head . it its shut and with a sickening crunch one of the his body on the boat . the creature ' s attention turn to the other trembling camper but i have to turn away . the image in my mind and i run back to my dorm . i ' m about to enter when suddenly a deep dread in my stomach . there were two each with two and three . seven just like the said there should be . but this morning before i left the dorm . . . i eight . year after i was born my decided to move from a different country away from their . i never knew why but we lived there for . during this time my got . it never was a bad thing they were best and still are to this day and whenever the three of us are together i can tell they love each other very much no matter what . my s also during that time . that was a bad thing at least for her . for me ? not so much really i never knew her . i never knew any of my actually they either before i was born or when we were away . anyways my decided that that was a good moment to come back home and so we did . my went to live at her old apartment and my dad to my grandmother s my s house . i was really excited about it since i was and never lived in a house always small full of noisy . i that house . downstairs we had a big living room from the kitchen by a bathroom and upstairs were our and another bathroom . the place was the same way my grandmother left it before she with all of her furniture and . i remember reading some of those i doing it . it felt like i knew her . although the house was beautiful from the first time i something was off about it . it t like a feeling of a presence or anything like that it was like the air in there it was heavy really heavy . sometimes it felt like it could nail you down to the floor . and it was specially downstairs that is why i spent most of my time in my room . i mean i never in or stuff like that but being in that made me rethink some stuff . after we there and were starting to freak me out a little bit . i used to stay until late at night during the just in my room some video . and every now and then i used to listen just outside my room which was really strange because my dad never wakes up in the middle of the night . the night i taking this seriously was on a . i remember it like if it had last night . i was in my room with some and i decided to go down to the kitchen for a bottle of water . i leave my room and stop thinking if it was worth it . the only light was the one coming from my computer screen . lucky for me my dad a really deep sleep so i turned on the light from the and went down slowly . at the end it was the living room and the light switch was right there so i just turned the on and stood there for a second looking at the seemingly empty room again thinking if it was really worth it . it s just water i could get it from the bathroom upstairs i thought but my stomach at the same time i a snack too . i decided to go and just get my fast and go back . as i the kitchen the air got really heavy more than usual i turned on the light but it t help much . and while i was looking for my all that air felt like it was in one single spot in the kitchen . behind me . it was right there behind me and it was so close . for a moment i thought i even a breathing . i was completely . my brain was screaming me to run but my were totally useless . i just stood there with that whatever behind me . i finally turned around . there was nothing there . i ran to my room as fast as i could . the next morning i decided to talk to my dad . i thought about telling him what i felt before but i t want him to think that i was still some dumb afraid of the dark i him to believe me . so i to him and for my surprise he felt the exact same we it the same way and he also felt it in the kitchen and the living room . maybe it s your grandma he said kind of kind of serious . days and were just the same i only went to the house on luckily so my dad had the worst part . one they he me . hi you there ? hi dad what ' s up i need to tell you something just to give you a up . . . i was a little confused yesterday i to it what ? i was in the kitchen cooking and it was there with me . i thought about how we said that it could be your grandma so i just said that we were living in her house now i told her that she can stay but to stop doing this to us and what there was a short silence after that a silence that was full of . he t have to say anything . it was worse . it s worse . i ' m in a hotel now i stay here until the weekend . i a professional on this she s coming on to help us i her the situation and she said that you need to be here with us . we a bit more about other until he hung up . i was and i really to believe in this . came quick i was there outside of the house with my dad waiting for that woman . he told me she was a medium i t know exactly what that was but it good . sometimes you don t need to know what a word to know what it . she her name was . she was tall a little skinny and with a dark hair maybe the black i ever seen . she herself and we her everything from the very beginning the same way i just did and we went inside . and when i say we went inside i mean my dad and i went inside . stood in front of the door she had on her face the most terrifying look i have ever seen on someone . her mouth was a little open the skin was pale as a paper and her almost off . you she said you let it stay you made an agreement my dad at her with the same look she had . i was shaking looking at with my back facing the inside of the house and then i felt it again the same way i felt it that day in the kitchen only this time it was different it was breathing on the back of my neck and touching my arm it felt like it was trying to grab me . i was almost on shock . made a step back . you need to get out of this house . right now that was the last thing she said before turning around and running away . i t move . i a loud noise from inside of the house at that moment my dad quickly me by the hand and we running the door closed by itself behind us . we ran as fast as we could never looking back we never went back there again . we never talk about that . this about a week ago . i ' m a single mother and although the recent lock down over the covid crisis made it so that i mostly work from home it ' s not all been quite as lax as it should have been . i figured it would be nice to actually spend more time with my . you see i work in finance and so the bulk of my job of entering on spread . most of it can be done with one eye on a computer screen . for the first little while went along pretty smoothly . i would wake up cook my breakfast of pop or cereal and then sit down at the my computer desk with a hot cup of tea . i would comb through dollar for about an hour or so and then take my work to the couch on my . my would put on paw patrol or play with board or on the floor of the family room lying on their with their round in their and their sticking straight in the air . working from home i am by how much of my job can be done over the span of about half the time it normally at the office . the rest of the day i ' d take them for a car ride to get some fresh air or go shopping alone while my would come over and watch my . like most people i know what is but even still i ' t immediately recognize the voice of star . i was through the produce section of my local grocery store when my phone rang . restricted . i thought for sure it was a so for a laugh i decided to answer it and see how long i could waste their time before they hung up on me . but as soon as i the little green phone icon and put it up to my ear the voice came through the speaker all " lee ! " i was . i to laugh . then as though it were a it . " lee ! " the second one got to me and i aloud in the middle of the produce section . a little crane backed elderly woman with curly hair over at me with a strange look on her face and disappear behind a tortilla chip display . " hello ? " i the rest of the residual out . " who is this ? " i sure that one of my was a prank on me . " this is ! " where did i know that from ? then it struck me everything into place all at once . someone was probably a star soundboard to with me . " oh yeah ? " i . " i ' m a starfish ! " the phrase came through my phone speaker all crinkly . " buddy . i ' m sorry but i ' got stuff to do . " it as though the voice on the other end of the line was going to say something but i the red phone button and slipped the thing into my purse going on about my day . i went home and relieved my mother from her sentry and she went home . then i set about cooking dinner while my watched in the family room . as i was pouring oil into the pan i a sing song voice come from the in the other room . " who in a pineapple under the sea ? " i to myself again being of my strange phone call in the day . i dinner and the whole ordeal slipped from the forefront of my mind . after the to bed i on a beer and scrolled through . then something to me . i ' d not checked the mail that day . so i bounded off the couch and down my driveway in my . i through the mailbox and an advert and a stack of white . mostly . i stood at the mailbox through them and their by . i don ' t know how it is that people can feel the sensation of another ' s on them . all i know is that at that very second i could feel a pair resting on me . i to my left . no one down that way of street . right . air was caught in my mouth . the pitch black night was all around us . maybe away standing in the middle of the spotlight the overhead light was a lanky man without a face . no . it ' t that he ' t have a face . it was merely by a dark green ski mask . he ' t move . he just stood there staring at me with both of his at his sides . he to be seen . like a small cat i slowly stepped backwards the direction i in infrequently hesitantly but mostly keeping the man in view . once i felt the front door of my home i wrenched it open and it behind me twisting the lock . he could have just been some guy out of his gourd . maybe he was just out for a stroll and was just as at my presence as i was . . . . no . that ' s not it . he a mask on for ' s sake . my phone rang from the couch . i over to check it . restricted . my body went as cold as a cadaver . " hello ? " i whispered into the receiver . " he ' s just standing there . menacingly ! " the voice of star . i the red phone and to look out the window adjacent my front door . i spied the he ' d been standing under but the space was empty . i almost gave a sigh of relief but then i something strange in the darkness of my driveway . against the black backdrop of the yard there he was like a perfect cut out stiff . my stayed locked on him as his ski mask was illuminated by the screen of a phone . he something on it then it to the side of his wrapped head . my phone rang in my hand and i nearly dropping it . i at the screen . restricted . quickly i the call and ran to my ' s waking them up . " we ' re going to camp in my room tonight ! " i told them . my the sleep from their and then hopped out of bed excited . my eldest almost ten gave me a pleading look but after i shot them a look that told them there was more to it than just a fun in mommy ' s room night they . we rounded up and splayed them out over my bedroom floor and my eldest child took to the younger with a game of monopoly . i ' t care less if they stayed up all night . for the rest of the night i guarded the single window in the room watching . the man ' t show for the rest of the night . my fell asleep at somewhere near one thirty . as blue daylight in through the house i cracked my previously locked bedroom door open and stepped into the hallway giving the prone on the floor one last look . i set about searching every room and closet and even the attic . once i was sure there were no waiting to murder me and my family i set about making a pot of coffee . the sleepless night was wearing on me . as the to life i the mail i ' d the previous night . i sat at the kitchen table tearing open the and setting the ad to the side . one of my credit card slid out of the white envelope onto the table and i it up with shaking . across the inside of the paper in jagged black handwriting were the " this is . " the lettering was so thick that the billing information beneath it was barely legible . furiously i through the rest of the . as i laid the out on the table they all out a uniform message " hello . this is . i can almost taste it . " that last sentence sent a shiver down my spinal cord . i ' since the police . the detective although kind me for not calling the night in question . he ' s right . i should have . the first few nights the police watched the house but they ' since stopped . i still get in the mail from perpetrator . sometimes if i ' m outside at night i feel the chilling sensation of a pair of piercing through my body . i know he ' s there . last night i received another call . restricted . i worked myself into a frenzy and ultimately it pushing it against my ear and waiting . the line was dead air for maybe a solid minute . it felt as though i could hear the breathing of a man on the other end but that could also just be my mind with me . the line crackled alive and forced a jump out of my " once there was an ugly barnacle . he was so ugly that everyone . the end . " said the voice of everyone ' s favorite cartoon starfish . then the voice came again this time distorted and full of static " everyone . everyone . everyone . everyone . everyone . everyone . everyone . everyone . " i can ' t tell you how many times repeated this phrase because i hung up and immediately the police . they sent the same officer out and this time although he was still sympathetic he was obviously over the crazy lady by the voice of a cartoon character . i ' m to think about what that last message meant . are you coming or what ? from the top of the rock . i slowly up the side and made my way next to him . his satisfied grin facing down towards the opening of the cave . see man i told you it was here . he said climbing down the rock s side . he came to rest in front of the opening as though one wrong step would send him over . be careful ! i trying to slide on my butt towards him . oh come on you big wuss don t be chicken . shut up or i tell you re being mean again . he and back into the darkness kicking small into the hole . the cave itself was extremely old . most of the that stood outside the entrance were up and heavily . all that was left of some were just topless sticking out of the ground . we d of the place from our dad s old police buddy . he said he d spent most of his time breaking up the of who snuck onto the private beach and that the owner had sold it a couple of ago . the plan was for the state to send in survey to map the area and use the cave as the focal point for a new public beach . however due to lack of and interest that plan fell to the wayside . now it a mass of untapped potential as no one up to this point been deep enough to map the inside . so who s going first ? i gave him a look and to back away you said we were just look ! i burst out a hint of fear in my voice . he at me before his mouth turned into a smug grin you re actually afraid of the witch t you ? he . it was an old story we d around town about a witch that into the cave with her singing before dragging them down and eating them for dinner . said it was just some stupid story but i t want to admit that the idea alone was enough to freak me out . no i m not ! it could just be dangerous . i said trying to seem confident . oh whatever you big baby you ' re totally i can t believe you buy into all that crap ! i could feel my face starting to get red and i back the growing in my why did you even bring me then ? i . cause said you re not old enough to stay at home alone and i have to prove to everyone at school that there s nothing down there . he a disposable camera out of his pocket and if she is down there i m get some of her . i a little trying to think of a way out of it what if we get lost ? how will we get back ? he for a second before out a small knife gently cutting along his right arm sleeve . ripping it off his arm he took the fabric and tore them into long slipping them and the knife back into his pocket . if it too long i flag along the way we use them like . now quit stalling and come on ! he his arm out and my hand me to my . my body quickly fell against the side of the opening and for the first time a rush of anxiety washed over me . i don t want to . i cried trying to back away . my shoulder and me closer to his face look do whatever you want but i m going in . he me back and sat on the ground slowly sliding his way down into the abyss . it was silent for a moment and the thought of being left alone the fear of going down . i tried to step forward but my foot gave way beneath me sending me somewhat tumbling down into the dark . i hard against the and dirt below everything around me being pitch black . ! i before a bright light in my face . oh get over it ! he said me to my . i up at the hole to see the dim light from the entrance above . it s than i thought i trying to get the dirt out of my mouth . turned around the light showing the cave going further into the earth . he up and saw a piece of rock hanging low enough to reach . out a strip of his shirt he tied it to the rock leaving it to dangle about eye level . alright let ' s do it . he heading further in . i gave one last look at the light above before following him in . the darkness inside to envelop me as the light from the entrance more and more distant . running my along the sides i could feel water drip and pour down the turning some of the dirt into the mud beneath me . i tried my best to avoid getting my dirty knowing that was already be mad about s shirt . the cave s ceiling to get lower the we went in before getting to a spot where that was too low to walk . put the end of the flashlight in his mouth and got down on his stomach army crawling towards a small opening . i until i saw the light turn and face back towards me his hand waving at me to come along . sorry i whispered before laying down and crawling towards him . it was barely wide enough to get my through and was starting to get around my and . around for a moment an intense fear took hold of me . i can t move . i trying to squeeze through . he came around and me by my arms hard . i told you to quit eating so much junk food . he between heavy . shut up ! i kicking at the ground beneath me . i eventually felt the dirt around me give and was able to slide through the rest of the way through . i back to see starting to form on and around the hole . don t collapse the place said the flashlight off the ground . i to punch him for calling me fat but was stopped by the sound of running water coming from behind us . i took the light from and faced it towards the noise seeing it glint and gleam off the of water falling from above . i the trickle down to a small pool resting inside a big divot in the ground . check this out . i back the light . he quickly snatched it from me before shining it at the pool the water below seeming clear and empty . he out his camera and the flash snapping a picture and illuminating the room to reveal four more of about the same size . we closer to the edge of the water looking deeply into its . over and a medium sized rock swinging it over the pool . it fell from his hand and made a pretty sizable splash ice cold water on our before slowly drifting towards the bottom . he it down with the light and along . it took seven before it finally hit the ground sending a small patch of air back to the top . as it came to rest we could see small fish and scattering out from the dirt and swimming away . i said how deep do you think it is ? i don t know but it s be more than ten . we continued following the fish as they swam off towards the left . seeing that they continued into some kind of underwater opening that extended out into the earth . it going said standing up look . he the beam of light towards the wall and revealed an opening a dull blue light glowing from inside . i don t know maybe we should just go . god when did you become such a chicken ? he . i felt anger rise in my chest stop calling me that ! i pushing him hard . he fell back towards the pool and barely stopped himself from going in the water . my grew wide and i to back away i m sorry i m sorry i repeated . he was about to jump to his when we what like a low voice coming from the opening . we turned and realizing it was the sound of a woman ' s voice . got to his and at the dull blue light i think that s singing . he said in a quiet tone . i stood still and hard the of a gentle song i d never beginning to fill the air . i think i would been if it t been the most beautiful song i d ever . her voice was soft and smooth sending down my arms and back . before i knew it we were both walking towards the light . the singing more pronounced with each step we took towards it . my heart to thee my lovely sailor boy if ever he should leave i would lose my joy we came around a corner to find a small room with its own pool of water in the middle . a dim light was shining below the water casting blue on the wall . at first i t see where the song was coming from but as we stepped fully inside i saw the outline of something slip quickly into the water . i and stepped back before the middle of my shirt look he said . the top of her head was barely poking out of the water bright blue looking up at us . it s said we won t hurt you . she to acknowledge him and swam closer her head completely out of the water . she was the most beautiful woman i d ever seen . her soft white skin was with long wet black hair falling around her and onto her chest . her were long and making her appear by comparison . a small nose sat above thin red and she gave us an look . why are you here ? she innocently . her voice was light and . we re just looking around . i out . she let out a soft laugh resting her crossed arms on the edge of the pool . i don t get many down here . she said looking over at . everyone in town you ' re a witch . he almost like he was trying to break the news gently . they do ? she her voice sounding hurt . she over at me and gave me a shrug people can be so cruel . i slowly my head trying to show her that i understood . you re not a witch are you ? taking a small step forward . she back towards him and back into the water no i m not a witch . she said lifting what should been her into the air . instead a bright multicolored fin came out of the water shimmering in the light . my heart heavily in my chest and i in awe as she dove down her fin to splash water at us . we and stepped back trying to avoid the wave . she came back up and back on her arms i m much cooler than a witch . a mermaid ? i . she and her head giving me a wink you re pretty smart . what s your name ? benjamin i and that s . waved his hand and at her making her laugh harder . it s very nice to meet you my name is . i can t believe this . taking another step forward how did you get down here ? she gave a pained look and towards him laying her head on the ground a heavy storm brought the ocean water here and i got trapped inside when the tide . i m stuck here swimming in trying to find my way back . how have you for so long ? he . on fish mostly can live a long time on a small meal . she picked up her head and forward it s nice to have someone to talk to . and his hair i never met a mermaid before what can you do ? you mean like my ? she he and step closer i mean like you can breathe underwater right ? what else can you do ? she thought for a moment before well i can swim very fast i can talk to and i even have a little magic . our grew wide at this what do you mean ? i she kept looking towards as she spoke moving closer towards him i can grant people s . really ? he his mouth gaping . but only one per person that way someone t just trap a mermaid and use them for forever . could someone wish you back to the ocean ? i said to gain her attention . she never away from only giving me a quick yes . maybe you would like a wish ? she said resting her hand on s . he gave me an excited look before to her gaze really ? anything ? anything your heart . she said . i before quickly getting by him . he sat for a moment staring at the air when a sudden smile spread across his face . i wish for a million . he . she and said that s a very good choice . but there s only one way to seal the deal . he confused and how ? with a kiss . his face grew into a look before turning to me with a smug grin . i felt a sudden jealous urge rise in my chest and i crossing my arms . oh get over it ben . said she can give you one next . she over with a soft smile don t worry i have something special for you . she assured me . my jealousy fell away and she returned her face back towards are you ready ? he and to lean in his closed tight . she his lead and in herself slowly her arms up and towards his head . before their touched she her and at me their once blue hue slowly faded and grew pale . i immediately felt my heart stop as i watched her quickly grab his head and twist it his neck . before i could blink her moth burst open showing a full row of razor sharp teeth . she them deep into his neck of blood and pouring out . he to scream and my mind to fall out of reality . she hard and his body fell into the water quickly turning the once soft blue into a deep shade of red . i fell back and to crawl away not able to process what i was seeing . i saw his hand irrupt from the water as he to thrash around . huge of red into the sides of the pool . her fin quickly into his body it beneath the surface . for a moment everything went still and i t move my heart seeming to almost burst from my chest . a voice inside me at me to run and snapping out of my daze i its command . the flashlight and to my i ran back towards the opening . coming into the room filled with i could hear muffled coming from behind me . i t look back as i booked it towards the small hole . to the ground i threw the flashlight in and to follow it . i and wormed my body as quickly as i could before hearing a loud splash of water from the other side of the wall behind me . i suddenly felt her gnarly teeth sink into my right leg a searing pain shooting through my body and my immediately to blur . i fought to get her off of me kicking her body as hard as i could . i finally got free and was able to pull myself through . looking back i could see her screaming at me through the hole her once beautiful face had been removed to show a wrinkled mess of torn and bloody skin . i drove my good leg into the ground above the hole feeling the dirt violently shake and give way beneath it . huge and of earth into the hole burying her in its rumble . i used all the adrenaline i had let to climb to my and hobble towards the dim light from above . the piece of dangling shirt i my way up the side of the cave and back out into the light . my were at first before finally to my surroundings . pushing my body up against the rock i the piece of cloth into the hole in my leg . i let out a painful yell and to grow dizzy eventually my head collapse to the ground . i don t remember who found me or ever being taken to the hospital . but when i woke up i was in the emergency room with my and dad . they had to staple the in my leg shut and made me wear an oxygen mask from the excess of dust i breathed in during the collapse . when the police i told them everything i saw the of water and the mermaid . they t seem to believe me but told my they would send a search team to the cave to look . the damage to the interior the search significantly and after they were able to get through the of dirt to the room with the all they were able to find was the scattered remains of half eaten fish . after a few days they gave up on the search and as either dead or missing . we eventually had to move out of the town and i spent several trying to forget what but no matter how hard i tried i was never able to move on . everyone tried to convince me that the cave collapse must but i know what i saw i know what she did . i m writing this now because lately i been strange . it always at the same place back at the cave with the singing far off and distant . it so beautiful it me want to go in . i always wake up shaking and i have to spend trying to calm myself back down . but the more i have the dream the more i think about the song while i m awake . it stays in my head its malicious melody over and over again . it me want to go back . i know i t but i think about it all the time . maybe i just need some more sleep maybe if i dream about it again i understand . or maybe a trip back home is just what i need . by now everyone s of covid . from news to to our daily the each and every one of our . however there s a lot of information people don t know about this virus . there is a strain that flu like . that s probably the one you re familiar with . but there s another strain that does something else entirely . i do my best to explain it to you but there are some that simply can t be understood unless one it themselves . my name is anna and i m one of the from a covid infected cruise ship . i remember the chaos and panic at the beginning but my fear was nothing to my boredom . i had lost count of how many days i d been trapped alone in my cabin . i was out of soap out of toilet paper and the food and water supply was beginning to run low . this was only supposed to be a day luxury cruise not a personal hell in which i would be stuck for an unknown period of time . we were given with which to protect ourselves from the illness but i t really been wearing mine since i been alone in my cabin . once i had finished the two i had brought with me on vacation i at my watch and to watching television . it was . sighing i down on the queen sized mattress reaching for the remote and wondering to myself whether a few days of sun and seasickness had really been worth it . that s when the noise . it was a muffled high shrill ringing in my almost like a chorus of . i stuck my pinky in each ear around for whatever may have been causing the strange sound . there was nothing my ear so i through my peephole to see if there was anyone out in the hallway . it was empty so i figured it was safe enough to stick my head outside my cabin without a mask on . as the door the insect like singing grew . i back inside and closed the door in front of me . the sound was slightly muffled again . i thought to myself then i shook my head and decided that the television might help to drown out the noise . i the power button but what came on the screen was anything but entertaining . the image was dark and with but in the blackness i could see movement . skeletal gray attached to a lanky malnourished gray body . the subject s torso was almost human but it was far too long . i could count of and the creature a belly button . the figure forward toward the screen and its face or lack thereof was illuminated on the screen . there were sunken eye void of any actual . each socket was slightly smaller than a regular human and i could see the red pulp of gore from the gashes where were supposed to be . it had no mouth yet it still had teeth . it as if they had been haphazardly glued onto the skin where his mouth should have been . there was no nose . i had no idea how it could breathe by its own featureless face . i a scream to the in my state of fear and curiosity . the monster out its hand ten on a single appendage and pointed what i assumed to be its index finger behind me . i for a moment then suddenly it was as if warning were going off in my head . i felt the hair on the back of my neck stick up . i got the intense feeling that i was no longer alone in my room . slowly i turned my head and twisted my body to face the wall at which the creature was pointing . at first i t find what i was supposed to be looking at but then the painting on the wall ever so slightly . i snatched the painting off the wall also out the nail that had it in place . the wall was now entirely blank except for a small hole from the nail . that s when the to breathe . now i don t know if any of you have done before but the wall very similar to the breathing i had seen while tripping . this trip however to be going south and fast . i put my hand on the wall and beneath the surface i could feel a writhing sensation . above the ringing in my i could hear the of and squelching . i closer at the portion of the wall where the painting had just been that there was something inside the nail hole . it as a tiny white bulge from the little space . then the first maggot out . it fell unceremoniously onto the bed in the white . my as another then another and another suit . the wall was literally crawling with fly larvae . soon the were pouring out of the hole until the entire bed and carpet were covered in squirming . i was ankle deep in those when they to bore into my skin . it as a tickle but slowly i to feel a sharp pain as if something was gnawing on my flesh . a worm into the small burrow it had in my skin burying itself deep inside of me . several more biting and until my like a wasp s nest with tiny inhabited by little white flesh eating . the pain was unbearable as part of me was alive . kicking frantically i back against the door to my cabin and decided that my room ultimately less risky than put even with a potentially deadly virus on the loose . i the door shut behind me looking at the of blood trickling out of the and down my calves . my heart was racing and my breath as i down the hallway toward where i had previously seen a medic sign . from my left and right loud to emanate from the of the corridor . it like of fist pounding by of help ! please somebody ! they re eating us alive ! and my skin ! to fall from my wide panicked . what the was going on ? when i the medic s station the knocking and yelling immediately stopped the by a single muffled scream . i frantically on the door to find somebody anybody that could possibly have an inkling of what was going on . i a moment tapping my anxiously on my thigh . no came from the room besides the muffled . i deeply and my courage then i the door . it was one of those . from the television . unfathomably long ungodly amount of and on teeth with no mouth and deep red gaping gashes where may once have been . but this one wore a nurse s uniform . of course it was torn at many due to the creature s size and shape . it was tending to a patient but it was certainly not healing him . the monster a needle in one hand and down the little girl with the other . it was finishing up sewing her mouth shut and was about to reach for a pile of teeth and a hot glue gun when it me . it t see me it had no . but it could feel me . i could tell . the creature was psychic energy and my mind while the little girl s screaming turned into of fear and pain . i t bear it so i fled running aimlessly in no particular direction . where the hell was the crew ? t there anyone who could do something ? i found myself in the dining hall doubled over and panting snot running freely from my nose as the of shock to flow again . i my shut and pinched myself as hard as i could to no avail . this was no dream . catching my breath i up and ran my gaze over the large room . the ambient crystal softly as they had during dinner before everything went to and we were forced to eat in our . the deliciously enticing aroma of freshly food over to me from the buffet station . even in the midst of this nightmare my stomach . now that i thought about it when was the last time i had actually been fed ? i knew they had been short on food but i t them to starve us . well as i the buffet the drool made it apparent that there was still perfectly good food available . i decided that if i was going to have to keep running from terror after terror i would need energy . i made the decision to fuel up . i a plate and the large rollback tray the smell . there was a perfectly beautiful ham sitting on the table in front of me . i to take a bite of a slice before the slice even made it to my plate . it was hot and fresh unlike everything they had been serving us in our . i the cover off of the container next to the ham and found myself some . they were going heavy on the meat today . then i in the bowl beside the . staring back at me were of . i loudly and my plate it shatter on the floor . i over the edge of the bowl to confirm what i had seen and i that all of the had a pitch black iris . a chill ran down my spine as vomit rose in my throat . i back at the and for the first time i read the label . finger food it read . beside it the label for what i had assumed was a delicious ham read leg of man . this time the vomit its journey from my leg filled stomach and out onto the beautiful wood floor of the dining room . i weakly . i slowly and slowly out onto the deck of the ship . where else could i go ? i certainly t want to around near the kitchen if that meant i might end up on a platter . the i had seen had exhausted me greatly and i stood by the railing intentionally feeling the ocean breeze tousle my hair . i could smell the salt of the sea but there was another underlying smell . sickly sweet copper . blood . on this cruise ship was almost certain death and a painful one at that . my out on the sea watching the chop up the water beneath the ship . i back over my shoulder into the dining room and saw of empty eye fixed on me . there we of those from the . i even saw the one in the nurse outfit . she was holding the hand of the little girl on which she had been operating the girl s skin was beginning to turn a shade of gray . i resigned to my fate and to swing my over the railing when i saw it . a light . no dozen of . we were close to shore . my breath caught in my throat and i had an idea . looking up i could see the bridge of the ship . if i could just make it up there into the control room i could lock myself in and maybe get some from the captain while i rode out the rest of my journey . i back at the then at the . i made a run for it . the suit immediately and i myself to use what little energy i had left to go faster . miraculously i made it to the bridge and to slam the door behind me before the could reach me . they heavily into the door behind my back . i steady glancing around the bridge to evaluate my new surroundings . the captain was gone . the crew had . i was alone again . there was nothing i could do but hold the door shut and cry . i and until my ran dry and finally i ran out of energy . i must have dozed off at some point because when i my it was light out . i yelling and shouting coming from the deck as all around me . i as there came a loud knock from the bridge door . trembling i turned to look at what stood behind me . it was a man . a human man . he wore a uniform one i t recognize but he t seem . i the door for him and he spoke to me in a foreign language . i around and saw multiple people in down on the deck where now that there was sunlight i could see enormous of blood . soon i was off the boat and taken to the police station . after giving my report i was brought to a doctor who ran some . i spent two more in quarantine then i was sent home . from what i the police found nobody else on the ship . no captain no crew no no . not even nor a buffet of human meat . the medical had confirmed that i was covid positive but i none of the classic . i since gotten better but the informed me that perhaps what i saw was induced by a mutant strain of the . i find that hard to believe but i would be lying if i said i haven t been more careful recently . don t forget that covid is still going strong and not all present the same . wear your mask wash your and for the love of god don t go on a cruise . it was a beautiful summer day when my and i decided to on a road trip . we were clement martin and myself . it was our first road trip ever so of course we decided to not sleep in a motel simply come back the same day . the plan was simple we drive for south we find a road side restaurant eat and then drive back to our and sleep at s place . clement would be the first to drive and we would alternate every h . i was the next driver and so the one to bring us to our dining point . the car was an old honda accord with a few mechanical but nothing to bad or so i though . i this car to much to see it s partially because it was my first car but mostly because this was the very same car that my dad used to drive me to school with . the smell of the leather the sound of the air the warmth of the interior all brought me back to my childhood when my dad would let me sit in the front seat and would drive me to the local school for . so despite my about the weird the car made we still rolled with it because it was the only car we had in the group . it was am when we departed making it so we would be back by or accounting for the bathroom the restaurant break and any potential we would make to rest our . i had brought a guitar had his and martin was singing made up to our made up . everything was fine for the first but then the car whenever clement accelerated . we should have gone to the mechanic at this point or at least off the trip . but we were young with piss pool so we blamed it on the and continued on with our trip . h by its my turn to drive . we had to fill up the gas tank at an old gas station . when we went to pay the clerk us where we were heading . you t expect the answer south " to generate a reaction from someone a specially not fear . yet the old guy absolutely at the very mention of " south " . i guess we puzzled enough because he to warn us about " the red road " a mysterious highway road not listed on any s or satellite that we should avoid at all cost . . . we t convinced in fact once back on the road we kept making about this legend of the red road . who could blame us ? this like a horror tell like the pm man or the grinch . h as i m driving i really start to regret my choice of vehicle the is so intense it s hard to hold the starring wheel . . . " whatever as long as i don t accelerate to quickly we should be fine . " i tell myself . h are rumbling better find a restaurant soon so i turn on to the nearest roadway and start scouting for but there s nothing . nothing except the of roadside and mourning scattered around the road . i slow down curious as to when these the nearest grave here and rose . the were still fresh and the paint on the cross brand new . it was recently or someone had the grave the very same year . i decided to drive more cautiously as to not get our on a wooden cross . . . h as we are driving through what i would call a graveyard clement a restaurant a few ahead the road side pull up in the empty parking lot and before we even reach the handle a blonde girl with a slim silhouette and hazel open the door and us inside . we are the only there . our order was simple for all of us . is medium rare clement it with extra and martin and i went with well done no . barely five after our order that the waitress comes back with our only to immediately disappear back into the kitchen . i guess she knew we would have and we did have the first thing to hit us was the smell . it t like it was porky . we decide to roll with it anyways since we re basically at this point . we bite in and immediately clement his bite out in his mouth and pull out what like fake . s too hungry to be disgusted so he another bite out of his only to break his on a hard metal object confused he out a gold plated wedding ring from the patty a look for and out the following t . suggest we get out of here but the think i m still about the red road legend . that is until martin out an ear lobe from his . immediately we run for the car the and back where we came from . as we re speeding off we are all suddenly of one minute yet very important detail i should have brought the car to the to get out of the reck and hide into a bush . i don t know if i been seen because i can clearly see her blonde hair and slim silhouette walking towards our crash with a meat clever in one can be found is over is found here the have grown forcing me into frequent . the of harrowing and fetid stench me to make for cover . i continued to look for other as on occasion i the and distress of other or assumed to be from far away . how big is this place ? i still wonder if it is infinite or finite . it was a mistake to look for . i saw the back of what i to be a survivor over a body . a fresh body it . i out to her but as she turned to me i saw that she was not exactly human . the hair no fur covered most of her face and arms . possibly other of her body but she still wore clothing . her a cat s a golden iris surrounding a vertical pupil . she the tip of her tongue at me several times as i backed away then lunged out at me . she was not as agile as the i prior . she was quick but not quick enough to catch me . i to distance myself from her but i don t know if she still me . or if any search for me as she was not the only one i found . i also found . fear that s the only nickname i could think to give that stranger that briefly me . he was just as the woman i had seen any semblance of humanity stripped leaving an animalistic mutation behind . he may also be hunting for me . i found a building untouched . strange to see in comparison to every other building thus far . still nothing of solid evidence or history of this place this paradox . but there were the of that woman . who was she i wonder . the overseer ? the manager ? president of this up plot of infinite hell ? more than likely she s dead just as the . all i find are locked unlocked dark feces . where are the ? where ? something to be left behind but there t ! why ? the last bit of jerky already been eaten my polluted water more that halfway gone . i thought i would never get used to drinking this water feeling those unknown tickle and scratch my throat on the way down but i did . i tried to make sense of the place the office the lady s grinning face the too tall . i just can t . is this an alternate universe ? am i just posting my journal to a universe separate of mine ? i don t know . what if this place was all an experiment gone wrong ? who was responsible for it ? still don t know . no . can t . my strange . something is tugging at my consciousness my identity gently soothing it melting it into a puddled bliss of . am i making sense ? i been writing on this post for how long ? a week ? a day ? a day ? a day ? i still haven t posted . i make an effort . this phone still . soon to be obsolete . i cannot leave . to carry my clinging to of humanity . . threatening to burn away . should i leave ? do i want to ? i have to find . i ate a bit of someone . god it was good . but why ? you know when you have a craving for food and you picture it for days and just that delicious bite the smell ? that s what it was like . i of on flesh then i awoke with an urge to tear into meat any meat . but there s only one kind of meat available human . was it disturbing at first ? yes and i think i lost some of myself as i on them just as they were losing of themselves help me . i m a . i was disparate desperate dire ? for food but only human skin and their slick and why the hell am i telling you all this ? maybe i some sort of empathy no no nobody could empathize with a murdering cannibalistic . symphony ! pathy . that s it . my mouth . i on my phone as i write this will it damage my phone ? drool proof ? ha ! i taste the of those she me . am i crazy ? i m losing myself lost myself yet i m a leaf floating on gentle downstream . there are throughout my body stinging . but then that sensation . it s not so bad . to know comfort you must first know pain . soft lull me lure me ? into various of these copy and paste . but every time they re there s nothing there but dust gashes and drag . an occasional body . more food . please help me . i have a wife two all someone please help me . i have a wife . did she call me ? i can t remember i can t remember ! help me . my wife i miss her . you always told me to never wander wonder to i t go . i guess i did but you re not here hear to scold me . to save me . i hope to one day have of my own . i spoil them boil them . just as my were boiled from my . i of the lady . she was familiar my wife ? no not her . she softly so sensually she beside me at night caressing my ear . the have to a dull throb . a pleasant sensation of snaking and spreading through my as of a tree . shed me . beautiful sprout through my skin . i feel more alive than i ever felt my keener . the hum me to here and always food to be found . food for thought . please don t let me go i don t want to lose myself . help me . as a bell for food the voice time for me to feast . obligatory introduction for context i work as an archivist for a historical society in a rather large city in the us so i get to handle a lot of interesting and a lot of not so interesting . there are a lot of that have been donated or bought but the backlog is extensive and some have been sitting for untouched and unexamined . i d like to share here some of the and strange as well as i have from working here . we operate as a historical museum where the public can use our public and for various typically family genealogy occasionally for research . we also house of historical for the museum portion typically from but occasionally from . if you re interested here s a link to a previous finding an artifact that ' s been one of my him of the onto the story at hand . today i don t have an artifact to share but something about the archive itself the who live here . the so here i deliver . there are four of them and no one where they came from . my boss is the head curator tremble but the spirit is still the same . she is a quirky and endearing woman in her s or s with a wild sense of fashion for instance today s theme is peacock which a lot of real peacock feathered jewelry and a matching pillbox hat seriously . . tremble is about as mysterious as the archive i know very little about her personal life but i imagine that she in an old house filled with weird taxidermy and at least a few that she probably regular with . but anyways this is all to say that even . tremble t know where the come from but her motto is don t ask you probably don t want to know anyways . we hear that a lot . the . like i said we don t know where they came from but there s always four of them . some of the older remember different so i think we can rule out immortality as a trait but always four of them . . tremble leaves food and water out but to everyone s horror there s no litter box to be found . and yet there s never been an issue . no one about it but it s just weird . where do they go ? don t ask you don t want to know first there s henry the henry or eight for short . he s a big fat ginger cat thus so after the king not for any or dead but simply because he s tubby and ginger and the regality that generally seem to have . henry over the reading room and is the only cat that the public . he being pet being fed and generally just around his basket or cozy looking waiting for . he s a sweetie . no one usually the heart to push him off whatever they are trying to read but he move in due time when he like it . good henry . he useless but he s great for morale . he s also been known to chase off any member of the public with sticky sweating coffee or any other offensive thing that might damage that s the only time you see him hustle or in a bad mood . don t damage the goods and henry s your best friend . khan is our little champ . she s a sleek that can be found stalking the at night . she t keep to one area like most of the do . we have the museum floor and the reading room which are both accessible to the public some small and staff and then several of accessible only to staff or with the proper clearance depending on the archive . she s the only one that s ever seen with the other and even then it s fairly cordial . almost business like . is the little . if you find a dead mouse or the laying in a doorway it was her . she the riff raff down we rarely if ever have pest . it s an old building so she s a busy girl . she t like to be touched for the most part but she s been known to curl around your for a rare pet . when i m alone in the building i know she s near even if i can t see her . it s kind of nice . she spotted some of our more unusual activity often before we do . our canary when . there s the white one no one can remember it s name we all have a different name for it . no one what color it s are . or whether it s a boy or girl . or even how big it is . or where it usually . or what it . there s bast . not everyone to see her but since i have high level clearance into the lower i seen this shadow cat . bast is the one that me . she is big than a normal but not as large as the panther she a little too much . it s the and the amber . you can see them even in the dark . i be in the blue room which the most rare or delicate unlisted some secret thing for some high up person and bast will be there two glittering green in the dark watching me from the sturdy upper . there s and up there that no one can access . not that anyone to with bast up there . the other odd thing is the blue room is always locked . she in there behind a locked door . no food no water that i can see anyway . she the red room too . no one goes into the red room . i don t even know why it s the red room except the door is red . the blue room beautiful blue wallpaper the old kind you can t find in any hardware store with a blue door so i guess we all assume the red room is red inside . i don t even think . tremble goes in the red room and she is the head of the archive . she s rarely ever afraid of anything and we had plenty to be afraid of for another time and she s afraid of the red room . there s on the door to the red room . multiple heavy duty . new . old . ancient . too . there s that come from the red room . quiet . . muffled . gentle tapping . . it s worse when there s nothing silence . there s a peephole in the red room . not looking into the room . looking out . if you get too close bast . low that low rumble of danger . your belly churn . i never gotten further than too close i heed her warning . . tremble the highest to the guardian they keep us safe . i don t ask because i don t want to know the answer . a shattering roar of thunder throughout my entire body . the late night s bland skies the feeling of dread in my heart knowing i would have to walk through the muddy while being by its freezing rain . i a while as if the next five would miraculously resolve this weather into one of piercing and cotton but the weather only worse each minute . right before making my mind to trudge on and step out into the inclement orchestra a scarlet red coat in the far distance caught my eye . i could barely see through the torrent of rain but saw an older woman similar to me in height hurry through the rain and put a flier up on a nearby telephone pole . she back to where she came from but right before she turned the corner she stopped as if making up her mind to do something she would regret . she suddenly shot a wrinkly hand up to nobody in particular and formed a up . before i could make sense of what just she was gone as if she was never there . i around to see if she was maybe to someone around us but the whole city was desolate at this near midnight hour . curiosity the resistance i felt to go through the mud and rain both eager to soak through my clothes and my interest my forwards and each step gave a slight as it hit the pavement . i was unsure why but some type of anticipation my to walk faster and faster until i was near from the flier the mysterious red coated woman put up . surprisingly the flier as if it s already some and the ink was already bleeding but i could make out most of the . it read feeling down ? eager to try new ? ready for an exciting trip to nowhere and everywhere at once ? ride scarlet ! a school bus where you meet exciting people like yourself it ' take you to explore new create everlasting and more ! the mysterious woman just put this flier up but there was only one tab left out of the tear off flier . i could see the flier s ink getting more and more smeared through the rain . i hurriedly the whole flier in my jacket and ran through the rain hopeful for what s to come . before i knew it i was standing in the parking lot with four all waiting to enter a bus to wherever it us . we were all standing there awkwardly each other wondering if or when someone would break the ice . before anything else i a couple next to me happily hugging and kissing as if this trip was their first honeymoon which it definitely could be . oh this is going to be the best trip ever ! honey i can t wait for this trip . we always been wanting to do something random and exciting and this is definitely it ! the older man next to them gave them an endearing glance smiling at them with of nostalgia . the older man s outfit was the complete opposite of that of the couple the couple was dressed in t and shorts while he was dressed in a tuxedo from head to toe looking as if he was going on his next business trip . a slight distance off ways from the old man was a middle aged man wearing a cowboy hat and drinking a beer on a parking lot bench . he was also grinning at the couple as if he was a secret joke with himself . he me looking and tipped his hat to me my presence . i gave him a little nod and i could befriend him and the relatively soon . joining a group of on a bus trip would honestly be one of the last on my mind the extremely long work the constantly manager and the falling out of all my all a part in such a spontaneous decision . i that none of these knew each other s past present and future and that excited me the uncertainty mixed with the ambiguity of the whole situation me of something like the first day of . there was potential to make great yet there was also a chance that we t fit in with each other . a sudden creak from the bus opening everyone and all silent . we were the bus driver inside to acknowledge us in but what only the were complete silence that was both unending and slightly . i guess that we should go in now . s hit him playfully and him into the bus . one by one people following the couple into the bus . i tried to let everyone go first to pick their but the old man looking at something far into the distance smiling . i when i took care of my grandfather he always used to look into the distance and smile thinking about past and his nostalgic . i knew it was something similar and to myself the old man would get to make many more during this trip . i getting in line going into the bus standing behind the man wearing the cowboy hat . he whipped around with a happy grin and himself . hi i m chap . i m not really from round these but i of this bus that goes to who the hell where and decided to join because why not right ? he gave a hearty laugh and went in without waiting for my introduction . i and that i t entering the bus full of and but people who also to experience something new something foreign . i kept smiling and turned around to check on the old man one last time before entering and saw he was staring right at me shaking . with a whisper so light it to disappear before it even left his mouth he delicately each syllable of each word perfectly . please don t enter that bus . xb xb sitting on the bus going to wherever our next destination was i out the window to the beautiful countryside . i t sure how long we been driving but we to already have the of the town . all i could see were and of luscious green dancing and swaying with the restless wind . i decided to ignore the old man s convinced that he might be a little off his . i into the front mirror at the front of the bus where the bus driver was sitting . i t really see the driver on the way in and i still t see the driver with the angle the mirror was at . i think the driver was a middle aged woman but it was only a rough estimate from the small glimpse i had of her . while to admire the country side i i was a little drowsy and slowly falling asleep . i woke up to what like a few later and saw that the skies of cerulean into a dark crimson . i checked my phone but found there t reception i it to be around sunset hour based on the vibrant colors of the sky . my any of or onto the canvas of crimson . maybe we still have long ways to go i thought . i my stomach grumbling and i around embarrassed . i saw a grinning chap behind me walking up the aisle smiling and to my embarrassing sound . me too . i and i wonder when our first stop is ? as you i think i m getting kind of hungry . hopefully soon but i tried the driver and she t reply . she oddly familiar though but maybe i m just crazy . as if on cue the bus down . looking through the i saw a medium sized town to our right . i guess i forgot to check on my right i . the bus soon after and everyone standing up to go out of the bus . i the old man was sitting in the very front seat and i was slightly nervous he would suddenly turn around and try to talk to me again . thankfully he ' t and led the filing out of the bus . a few later i found myself staring at a bustling night life city with a great number of outdoor and people just sitting around talking and drinking a great time . i admired the beautiful city it not only had a variety of attractive and but it like the people in this city were truly happy a stark polarity against the town we just came from . if i t know any better it like we at a smaller scaled . the couple ran towards me and the girl put her arms around me . hey ! " she happily while hugging me from the side . " sorry we ' t introduce ourselves . i m rose and this her in front of me is my ! he and i gave each other a smile . hi i m jenny " i . " nice to meet you two . well since we got the awkward out of the way let s try to get everyone else and hit up some or something ! rose . the three of us making our way towards chap who was already settled down in a public bench a few away from the group of us . he tipped his head and as we . hey what y all ? he . me jenny and my are thinking of some of the here . the amazing ! would you like to join ? rose with the glint in her and her contagious laugh . i had no choice but to smile with her and chap did the same . well i guess i can t say no to on a beautiful night in a beautiful city . let s do it . we tried to look around for the old man and even the bus driver but both were nowhere to be found . we it off and said we would invite them next time but i was secretly a little happy the old man t be joining us . we for the biggest and building we could find and saw a lively bar full of people a great time . almost every single person there was smiling dancing drinking laughing and the best time some us and us over for . we talking with them turned into more and we all somehow got to dancing on the dance floor . i was smiling and a great time turned into and turned into the whole night . i was dancing with everyone both respectful of my and all a blast . i without a care in my mind smiling to no one and everyone at once realizing it had been so long since i felt this level of happiness that i forgot it inside me . i t realize it then but it ' t just a few people but every single person in the club was smiling ear to ear . what i also was that they were all wary of the no the . i with so many random people chap rose the and even the . i felt something a little off with the person i was currently dancing with i up and although it was essentially a different person i it was the same type of face i been dancing with the whole night . the were never not smiling they always had the ear to ear grin on their face as if it was glued onto them . but this one was slightly different he was smiling the same big smile but his something else . his were mourning . he was crying . xb xb about four people around us suddenly turned around . hey man ? you ? one him . i think he s had too much to drink we take care of him no ! another smiling one assured . i was worried but they took him through the crowd towards the back and with that he was gone . i was he was but i also do get emotional sometimes while i drink and thought that was that . at some point in the night i i had to use the . i turned into so many random and trying to look for the and each time a nice person with a huge smile me and pointed me towards the right direction . despite this i was definitely more intoxicated than i would have to admit . i still ended up taking wrong and turns and found i was lost inside a club than i initially thought . i into one of the i was about to open a door for staff thinking it was hopefully the staff but from what to be outside . it like shouting and lots of grunting even some crying . i to make sure everything was but t want to give away that i was eavesdropping so i the door slightly ajar . i almost threw up . i saw the guy who was crying while i was dancing with him . but he t smiling . he was on the pavement getting up by the same four from the dance floor that took him they were kicking him again and again to the point that i feared his life was in danger . yet they were all smiling . . you know we don t want to do this . make the same mistake again and you re gone . the speaker of the four him one last time for good measure and looking towards the door to go back into the club . i they would catch me if i stayed even a second longer and closed the door to hurry back to the dance floor . but not before getting a glance at the guy from the dance floor he up and caught my eye before i closed the door . he was matted with blood the same color of crimson the sky was before we here . but through the blood i saw him smiling again all gone . the initial shock completely me up i hurried out of the labyrinth of and my heart beating faster and faster with each step . by the time i found the dance floor my heart was nearly beating out of my chest . the must have sensed something wrong and all of them at me worried . yet they were all still smiling . something wrong girl ? anything i can do to help ? you should smile a little . i looking for my . thankfully i found rose within a few dancing with another local on the dance floor . rose ! i her by the and shook her for good measure . we have to get out of here . now . she was confused but instantly understood the panic and urgency in my voice . let s get and chap and go back to the bus . the local she was dancing with at me with piercing smiling . something wrong jenny ? let s keep dancing and a good time . smile a little ! she my arm hard . other and my arm . jenny come on relax a little ! jenny why t you fun ? smile it be good for you ! their dug into my skin and the getting so tight that i cried out in pain . rose saw all of this and understood how severe the situation was . rose me rip free of their claw like and we flew across the dance floor looking for chap and . i nearly cried out in joy once we finally found a familiar face chap drinking a beer from afar . one look at our and he understood that something was completely wrong . he stood up our and forcefully his way past all the to the way we . wait ! we need to find my ! rose cried . i saw him this way let s go ! we grab him on our way out ! chap . chap ' s voice was getting i saw that he was more and more trouble pushing through the huge barrier of near the entrance . " what ' s wrong ? " " you don ' t want to stay with us ? " we hurried and hurried but t find as we the entrance . no ! i am not leaving without ! she was sobbing now as more and more reaching out to us with arms . we were weaving ourselves in and out of the sea of arms and tearing at our skin as if they were starved trying to clasp onto our arms as if it was the way out of their hell . i could feel my arms bleeding but we kept on chap leading the way . he was getting hurt the most the of the with his mind only set on leading us out and finding . we saw with his back towards us dancing with some of the we met when we first . ! we go . now . rose declared . without stopping chap him and strung him with us until we ourselves out of the bar . there were still a few outside of the bar drinking all staring at us with smiling . leaving so early ? those kept smiling the whole night i knew i t like it one bit . chap spat . we kept the same pace all the way to the bus while the whole town staring at us with the same expression . it like we caught the attention of the whole town we it t now that we t fit in . they were always staring at us keeping track of us and we were off from the beginning . after about half an hour we somehow found ourselves back to the bus . surprisingly the old man and the driver were both there waiting . they at us and t even flinch at the blood coming from the scratch on our arms . they calmly back into the bus and the old man at us to do the same . we ran back in panting and all into our wondering what even . we all at each other trying to make sense of what but was looking out the window . ? rose . he t respond i he t since we him from the club . ! the right side of your face is bleeding . let me treat it . rose a napkin from her and turned his face around to get a better look . was smiling ear to ear . the atmosphere on the way to the next stop was melancholy . it first out with rose pleading begging for to go back to normal to please stop smiling . the pleading turned into desperation and that desperation into yelling screaming and begging to stop smiling . through it all he with dead and a smile we knew all too well . all we could hear now were the muffled heart from rose and the low grumbling thunder our misery in the bus below yet it simultaneously felt as if it was warning us from entering the next destination . i rose back to my seat i could get her to keep some distance away from and soothe her mentally . the quirky vibrant rose was now a complete mess her was all over the place her arms were similar to mine where i could see more maroon than skin and her were the i seen only at the few i been to . she slowly up and her dead mine . he be won t he ? she whispered . i knew then that both her voice and mind were riding on a thin string where even the breath of air could snap it into . no i t sure if would be . no i t know if even me and anyone on this bus would be . as i spoke i felt as if i was trying to convince myself more than her . yeah everything will be completely fine . i woke up realizing i had accidentally fallen asleep . rose was lightly snoring with her head on my shoulder and the night was pitch black . i around and saw that chap near the back had his cowboy hat to cover his whole face . he was slouching and t move an inch so i assumed he was asleep as well . i in the front and saw the old man quiet as ever look nostalgically outside the windshield as if his past lover was somehow dancing with the night that before us . as usual was staring outside his window with his back towards us but i knew he was smiling that same grin we saw in the city . i relaxed and decided to fall back asleep until i the bus driver cough . i up to the rear window and caught the bus driver abruptly look back onto the road it was as if she was staring at us no me through the mirror right before i up . suddenly the bus was by of darkness . the bus was pitch black i t even see my . my heart to beat faster and faster and my quick and panicked for a few until i that we had a tunnel . the sudden shift to cold temperature and the absence of the starlit sky rose to wake up as well . she drowsily up at me . i m going to check on . he was never really good with small . sure i . she slowly stood up and made her way to the front . it s been a few since we the tunnel yet it like we still had a long way to go . i to notice small and let my mind wander . you t really hear it before but while riding through the tunnel you could hear almost every single sound the bus made on the outside . the slight turns of the the slapping the pavement with every rotation and the tunnel wind covering us with an aching night song of its own . but what you could also hear is the blood curling scream from rose right when we the end of the tunnel . " daddy did you move sally ? " karri me one morning as she ate her cereal . for all my daughter had been for was a doll from the dollar general that was almost her size . though and i both have light hair karri ' s hair is dark brown and not many like her at the time . it upset her and she said that she thought that people only thought people with dark hair were . ' s heart had broken over that so for we ' d bought her a sally doll with dark brown hair and a pink dress . karri and with that doll for a day but when it came time for bed all had to be put away and most of them had to go in karri ' s closet . sally was one of those . normally karri would prop the doll up in the corner of the closet and shut the door but this particular morning she ' d found the doll leaning against her baby " table . " she ' t in the closet where she was supposed to be . " " all i did when i got in last night was look in on you and and then i went to bed baby . are you sure that you ' t leave her out ? " i almost the answer . was my child . karri was always good at her where they were meant to be . " i ' m sure that i put her in the closet " karri . she was only five but she was very well spoken . " maybe mommy her ? " i ' t know why would do such a thing but it was worth the suggestion . " why would mommy move my doll ? " karri with a frown . my daughter got her mother ' s inquisitive nature . " sally should have just stayed put up . " i stood up from the table ruffling her hair a little . " i ' go check on her . ? " " daddy " she said quietly going back to eating her . i headed down the hall up the to the second floor . karri ' s room was at the front of the house and always got the best morning light in the winter . she ' d that we paint the powder blue and then she ' d taken several different colors of chalk to it her own mural . that it ' t hurt anything and that she was only little once so we left it . i spotted the doll against the toy table going over to kneel down in front of it . i ran my down the hard plastic arms down to the . the were stuck together and the at the were a little rough and scratchy . this ' t a doll that anybody could claim to be worth something . she ' d been top shelf but she was dollar store top shelf and she was a little rough around the . her hair out in a tangle of dark and just got more knotted as karri with her . i ' d seen her in the middle of her room dancing to an old had . she sally ' s that they were dancing some kind of waltz . it was sweet and a little one real child one plastic and rubber ? sally checked out totally normal . i picked her up her back into the closet . later that night and i were up by frantic tiny on our bedroom door . i hurried out of bed to see who was rapping opening the door to find karri looking panicked . she ran past me to throw herself into ' s waiting arms mumbling and pointing towards her room . " she . she ! ' " what exactly ? " trying to get our daughter to focus her attention and calm down . " sally came out of the closet and then she went " karri pointedly up her nose in a sort of sneer . " at me . she on her own mommy ! " up at me with wide . " . . . " " i ' m ' " i said turning to walk through the hall to karri ' s room . sure enough sally stood next to karri ' s bed . her expression ' t any different than it usually was but she certainly steadier on her . " hey sally . play ? " nothing so i over to pick the doll up at how heavy she was . " sally ? anybody home ? " i staring into her plastic brown . then the doll blinked and her nose and mouth drew up in a sneer . " oh ! ! " i carried the doll out to the shed at the back of the property threw her inside then i chained the door shut . so far she ' t gotten out but i ' m not my guard down . xb if you haven ' t read the story of bend you can find the first installment below . bend ppp ! wait ! wait ! after me as he me across the cracked and tarmac . i t stop i had to get away from them . you are crazy . i back never turning set on my course . i can t believe i even up here . i m such an idiot . wait please . let me explain ! give me one chance . and something in his voice actually broke through . i turned to face him . he lost and pathetic i him but i still . you re telling me that you believe this ? you . well actually actually buy this story ? i know how it all . if i was in your position i d be saying the exact same thing . agreed to the absurdity of the situation . but i seen it with my own . i know it s the truth . are real and they re here . how can you say you know he s telling the truth for sure ? because t kidnap me yesterday he saved me . the of s previous day went like this . after blowing me off in the library for his sessions had returned home to what he thought was an empty house . his a nurse worked an erratic schedule and would likely still gone for a few more . knowing he was on his own for dinner he some and while he ate he sent the first text of the evening to me . that was around pm . after our text exchange while i was busy heading down a family rabbit hole of news was heading down the hall to his bedroom . that s where the attack came . his room had been pitch black when he . strange as the light from the setting sun should have still been pouring through the westward facing window . his always the be left open she natural light . today for some reason his blackout were drawn shut . as further into the room he the switch for his desk lamp and was stopped cold by what that little light revealed . a figure had been standing in the darkness . waiting . it was a man that had never seen before . a man like none had ever seen before . his skin was pale and porcelain smooth . his were all hard and . hair perfect like a mannequin . he hardly real a statue maybe but not living . until you saw his . those vibrant churning that the knowledge of the world within them . that out across the room saw every hidden secret in your soul left you feeling naked and exposed . knew the moment his locked with the stranger s that he to run but his body . instead he stood petrified . watching as the man with graceful him and hold . where is he ? ! the figure voice of thunder low and rumbling . who ? out confused and . where is or is he now ? the figure . i don t know . struggling to find the . wanting more than anything to have the . i never knew where lived . we t or nothing . we don t out . the figure in nearly pressing his face against s and deep into his down inside . maybe you don t know . i don t i swear i don t . please let me go ! streaming down his in . i guess i could do that . the stranger . or i could turn you have you join us . then i could send you out to find him for me . with that the man gave an ugly smile drawing back long that had been hidden . a vampire ? ! impossible fiction . felt a fear flow through him his body numb . the creature in towards the neck of his prey ready to bite down . the screaming that was terrible . but it t coming from . for unknown the vampire had up short writhed in his skin . a pained look painted on its face mouth agape as a blood wail from its red . then the monster and for the first time revealing what had brought on this change of fortune . behind the vampire the had been violently from the wall revealing the final of the setting sun . in its glow stood in through the window with him the light to smite the dark figure . the sunlight burned into the creature smoke rose skin then form into dust . then the creature was gone . the vampire had for me all day hidden in the darkness of my room . said as he finished the story . how did he get in ? he must have broken in before the sun came up and then for me to be alone . said he may have been in the house somewhere out of the way for days before he sprung his trap . don t you have to like invite them in though ? they gotten good at that stuff . they do just enough to get a simple invite a reason to come in for a couple then they leave . once they done that they can come back whenever they want . but why target you ? i dug . i d been making following up on any i had on and on the s disappearance . i left my contact information with people i to in case they anything else later . i t think that would be dangerous they were all of away . shook his head fighting to accept what he had done . someone i with must have been one of them . like an idiot i told them right where to find me . now they are here hunting us . it s because of me they knew where to go . i don t know what to say . i said sounding entirely unsympathetic . that all like an awful situation but for you . what does this have to do with me ? i t need to be involved in this . you could have left me out of everything once you knew about the . the v word was hard to say while still sounding serious . you t need to drag me into this mess . i don t think that s true and i don t think you do either . plus if what you said really . if up as your lawyer during your then the have an interest in you . she s one of them . so no more . point blank what to the ? i said . i had decided to return with to our meeting to finally get the whole story . they . as if my question him . how ? ! how did they die ? you cryptic ! and i . a tone one might employ when explaining something to a toddler . got turned turned into a vampire . understand ? he went home turned his family . the next day i went in there and them all . so they are dead then ? i . dust in the wind . that s why the police never found anything . that s why i was never worried about the . as far as they are concerned there is no evidence of any death or crime . there never will be either . these just evaporate . i was . so then what ? you ran away came here ? a few other before but yeah that s the gist of it . i was about to move on again i d been here too long was getting comfortable . i don t pass as well for a high anyway . then this all . but i don t understand . if you re out why use s name ? i money . matter of . i had his birth certificate his social security information . i knew he had some college fund . had about that . how his son would get to live normal like . i got access and drained it . it s something that we d done with we d in the past . take over their past . apply for a bunch of credit the that get all have but it s not like anyone is going to care their credit is getting up . he took a breath and continued . i m now the same reason i was before that and before that . because that s the easiest way to gather enough cash before i hit the road again and become someone else . so what do we do now ? yeah . back in . i need to go tell my i m . i need to warn her ! oh man me too . i said feeling the gravity of the situation begin to crush down . i need to tell my ! not now not tonight . not if you want to stay alive . it s going to be dark soon . tonight we stay put here . tomorrow we can go to both of your warn them . once you are there you can do whatever you want . that s where we separate . so you re still to skip town ? clearly . if that s the case why are you still here ? why did you around so long after you knew they found you ? i just t leave you to them not without at least giving you a warning . i t live with more blood on my . spending the night in that old abandoned rust bucket was miserable . we took turns keeping watch but that was pointless none of us slept . we were all being by our own of what might be happening out in the night . we a full hour after the sunrise before we from . was being careful . the plan was that we would stay together . we would go to my house first . then after and were sure that i was safe and my knew what was going on the would continue to s house . after that would disappear . as we my house the first thing i was both my parent still sitting in driveway . not a total shock their daughter had snuck out and not come home i m sure they stayed home from work . but if that had then t there be here police family and to lend support ? instead the house was silent . dead . i to panic as i the door and the eerie empty calm of the place me . there was nobody home . i could feel it . i was about to start a frantic search to see if there was any sign on them when by me toward the table in the kitchen . a knife stood on its point driven into the wood top pinned below it was a bit of paper . remove the knife took the note and handed it to me . for you . he said then slowly he to survey the area taking stock of the in the room . i at the paper it read . i stopped by to see you last night and discuss your legal but to my dismay you were out . i could have sworn i explicitly told you not to talk with anyone . i chalk it up to teenage rebellion i guess . at my age it s hard to remember and relate to what that was like . then again it was a very different time when i was young . by your age i was married off and had a child . can you imagine ? i you left your phone behind . same as that other boy . i thought you today would sooner die that be from your . did he tell you to leave it ? he is a wily one i give him credit for that . anyway to the point . your mother and father are so sweat . very worried about you i might add . they me in to wait with them until you got back but as the ticked by and you t show up i got a bit impatient . . don t you worry though they are safe with me . if you would like to see them again i suggest you be here at your house waiting for me when i stop by again tonight . invite your ! we need can all talk about your case ! yours forever r . v . p . s . don t make me have to track you down . when i finished i stood in silence . what does it say ? cautiously . she my . i have to do something . we have to do something . see if we can i don t know save them somehow . as i spoke i to work myself up . if she your then they are already turned . interrupted . they both one of them now . don t take . ! no that s not true ! but i knew it was . i could see it in his face the regret in his . i cried then and they me all the time i . when the finally to fade i up . they were both waiting on me for something . so what do we do now ? i . we run . said bluntly . grab what we can here anything with value that might be useful . then we head out of town . just go . never come back . it s over for us here . t we report this tell the police ? and get locked up or thrown in some psychiatric ward for evaluation ? snapped . no that would just make us sitting . you can do that if you want but i m not for it . what if we stay but instead we like fight them or something ? to my aid . we could find them kill them all . we could do that right ? no . shot the idea down . it s dangerous enough hunting who don t know you re coming . going after that are hunting you back that know who you are that s suicide . i m running . . then so am i . said . how can you say that ? i . what about your mother ? either i m going to go home and find a similar situation as this at my place which my is already gone . or i can get the hell away from here and maybe those will follow me and leave her be . that her a chance . either way i m done here . so that s settled then . said and towards the door . gave me a resigned look then and fell in behind him . i watched them both leave unbelieving unable to process the change my life had taken in such a short time . a few days ago everything had been normal i had been at a party flirting with a boy being normal . then my life . that type of t actually happen does it ? i stood alone in my house for a few more then i headed out the door myself . i wish i could say i stayed and fought . that i m a hero and not a coward . but in real life the are rarely . in death they get that stand like but they don t get their back . i chose to live and so i ran with them . if i m lucky i never have to hear a word about again as long as i live . please don t think less of me . have you ever back at a time in your life where you made such a tiny decision out of impulse or boredom that you severely ? suddenly you re kicking yourself and unraveling and it s all because of something so stupid that you t think twice about . that s how i feel about something as stupid as an on my . it was several ago now i can hardly remember . time so funny like that when something so strange and perhaps for a time fun is happening . i had finished watching stranger oddly enough and was wanting to relive the nostalgia of . i being lazy and broke turned to the store . just as i thought that had just the thing . perfect and everything . immediately i was delighted . it made the you it to start picked the different it was perfect . i d even gotten some of my to it and we through the . of course channel . was our favorite . we and about of all the season of stranger and so much else . it was so many of fun . truly . . the thing was anyone could get on the different so occasionally we d meet . mostly people like us giggling like and different on each other . you know classic young adult idiocy . in fact we even a group chat with some of the more humorous and like minded we had met over the various . it was so random and dare i say niche . we were like little but out across the globe . over time most of my had to lose interest and even the group chat had to dwindle . for some reason i was bummed about that but eventually to lose interest myself . on to some other useless time filler i m sure . and then one night i was and let s face it stoned and decided to check in through the to see if anything interesting was going on . for a while there was nothing but silence on each one . i landed on . an old classic and just for a minute or so . i on the button but before i could say anything i something break through the silence . i t quite make it out at first and then it grew . an eerily familiar tune . there is someone . . . walking behind you my blood ran cold and then i burst into laughter . my dog softly but i it up to her seeing that i was upset . that s a genius bit . you got me . i . of course a terrifying classic used in the horror franchise final destination . nothing like an old ballad to turn the creep factor up to ten . then it off . silence again . i and shook my head . honestly i was mad i t thought of that to with someone before . i was just about to exit out of the completely when i something again . look at me it sang filling the room and . . . and then my phone went off . i damn near my pants . for s sake i under my breath hand on my chest as i tried to catch my breath . there was no way someone was able to get my phone number from this stupid right ? but there was no i was in panic mode . my breath and with shaking i at the screen . it was just my what i for dinner . shaking my head at my stoned paranoia i and with a simple i don t care . man it s crazy how fast my brain can turn something so silly into the plot of a slasher flick . taking one last deep breath to steady myself i closed out of the and turned on something cheery with my dog into my side . i can t even remember what i watched now probably something silly like new girl . it really t matter now not much does . anyway the next night i had hit my girl mary jane up and decided to turn back to the talkie for some late night . it was on the same channel i d left off on and again it was silence . then a white noise creeping through . it grew and until it eventually just . . . stopped . what the i raised an eyebrow and over at the sleeping form of my pooch . this is probably the moment i look back on most and think just delete the stupid . but no . curiosity as they say the cat . and i always been a giant pussy . besides the dog t this time so why should i ? there is someone oh god there it was again . but it wrong somehow . like someone had taken it down a half step . turn around look at me . it was growing but i t quite explain how . like . . . it was inside my head . and let me tell you that song only got with that effect . what was that now ? breathing . that was the sound ever so faintly in the background . i could only listen in silence . this had to be a joke right ? some cleverly joke meant to with whatever were still this thing . the music cut out then and only the breathing . what i next i can t quite explain . it was . . . a snapping twisting sound by a short scream . and then silence again . my stomach was in my ass my breath stuck in my throat . my dog snapped awake and again . that t real right ? maybe it was some twisted . . . i don t know with an animal ? people were twisted but this t a horror movie . right ? maybe some clever was sound from a horror movie . . . that had to be it . regardless i closed out of the and tried to take my mind off of by turning something mindless and cheery on once again . eventually morning came and i t slept a wink . the i just in my mind . i t shake it from my head . what could that have possibly been ? taking a deep breath i the and onto the channel . alright you got me . it s a really clever bit i give you credit . but can you just chill the out ? i m just trying to have a casual chill time here . i shakily not sure what i was . hello ? silence . then a voice broke through . it was heavily and like it was laughing . what are you talking about ? other broke in and i and shook my head . of course . people were around on there . nothing you are just really clever . have a great night . i to myself and closed out of the and eventually fell asleep for almost the rest of the day . when i woke up it was barely still light outside and my dog was patiently sitting by the door waiting to go out . rubbing the sleep out of my i the door and obliged . we outside and she did her business . my around taking in the familiar neighborhood in the light . as i was turning around to face the dog i caught something in the corner of my eye darting out from behind a tree . i raised my eyebrow and my heart a beat but seeing as my dog t i t see a reason to . come on girl let s go inside . i to her and she inside with me close behind . before i shut the door i around one last time before shutting and locking it . that night led to the familiar routine . a visit with my lady mary jane and eventually to boredom after through social media for far too long . i put on some music then the talkie . maybe some of my would be around . i through looking for familiar or something interesting . i landed on something random maybe . and a quiet breathing . i don t know why i stopped i really wish i t . but i sat and and the breathing grew until it was with something else . dragging maybe . something heavy being thrown . music was again but this time it t something i . then screaming . god awful screaming . . silence . i to vomit . i to curl up in a bawl throw a blanket over myself and disappear . but my body t move i was frozen in horror . this t a joke . what kind of sick would think this was funny ? a heavily voice broke through . . was all it said . i d had enough . i finally control of my again and i closed out of the stupid . this was too far . taking a deep breath i it and then threw my phone . were welling up in my and i laid down while trying to regain control of my breathing . i was a fan of a good scare i d spent my fair share reading scary and exploring . this t just scary . this was bone chilling . . . sadistic . i must ' fallen asleep at some point because the next thing i remember was opening my and hearing my phone going off . yawning i across the room to where it d landed and at the screen . text . . there s no way i d been asleep that long . i checked the time . . huh . what must be so urgent ? i unlocked my phone and yet again my stomach . i was almost used to that feeling by now . half of the and were from various and my but the other half . . . i t make out . but i knew they t from someone i knew . it was a strange combination of and i d never seen before . and then a voice recording . why why the did i play it ? that s the point in there movie where you re screaming at the main character saying what the is wrong with you ? ? ? just delete it you idiot ! but no . i it . it was that damn song again back in its original key . but there was the sound of leaves crunching and labored breathing in the foreground . it was short only maybe but as soon as it was over another one came through . at that same moment a call came through . oh it was just my . thank god . hello ? her voice was like a warm hug in that moment . oh thank . i breathed a sigh of relief . everything alright ? she concerned . should i come home ? come home ? i . . of course . in my panic i d completely the from her and my sister they d be gone at the store for a while . no . it s fine . i just . . . worked myself up over some . . . dumb . are you sure that s all it is ? she so sincere . . . but something still felt so wrong . i felt like a little again . just wanting my to hug me and tell me it would be . but instead i just took a deep breath and quickly . no ma . thank you though . just need to fix my sleep schedule probably . i a little . well i can t say i disagree with that . she . alright we be home soon . love you . love you too . i . then the line went dead . i and shook my head . this was all just . . . an right ? someone was clearly just with me . this t happen in real life right ? oh how i wish i was right . another text came through . this time it was a video . it like it was just taken . . . and it was my street . i d know that street anywhere . and it like the person was just casually through . a cold sweat broke out all over . i t breathe . it was at least a minute long . . what could i do ? i a gun the only thing i had for self defense and went downstairs . someone t possibly break in in broad daylight right ? my were home surely they d see something and say something right ? i checked all the with my dog close behind and made sure everything was secure . they were but something in the back of my mind said that t be enough . that was yesterday morning . . . and my and sister still haven t returned home . . . i m to think of what s to them . i haven t left my room not even to eat or drink . . . even . don t ask . the music last night a quiet drone at first then it just kept getting . i don t even know what language it s in but i recognize the tune . there is someone . . . walking behind you i tried calling them but it just goes to . their are almost me . . . i can hear coming from downstairs now . the t stop them . . . whatever they are . i m still not sure . maybe just some twisted up people . but something about the way they move . something me that s not all it is . they re still with me i m not sure why . the only thing stopping them now is my gun and dog and god i hope they just leave her alone . i almost wish they d just kill me and get it over with . instead of this up game . i m writing this to tell you . . . trust your instinct . don t be like me looking back on some stupid mistake and it . . . kicking yourself for being so stupid . it might just save your ass . oh god they re coming up the now . . . and that song . it s so loud . i work in the big city of the manic but rhythmic bustle of the city always fascinated me . i ' m an unassuming kind of guy i get along with everyone but i generally like to keep to myself . despite my preference to living in a big and busy city i ' m not one for big . as all city and i have to commute . my journey about an hour and a half give or take depending on the busyness of the and the are almost always busy be it morning or night . i don ' t normally pay too much mind to my surroundings music or a good book over to stare uncomfortably at the armpit of a complete stranger . plus this the dreary hour and a half go past much and before i know it i ' m at my station and like everyone else i walk the to my building single file . one thing i ' always about and though everyone just on despite the limited space so we all end up looking like a tube full of . something quite strange happening to me a few ago though . the morning itself was nothing out of the ordinary . i wake up around . get ready walk the to my local train station and i never miss my . train . i see the same people day in and day out . so yeah nothing out of the ordinary at all . however on a particularly drab and cold a few ago i seeing a girl on my train . i don ' t mean that i don ' t see often i see all the time on my to and from work . what i mean is that this girl she so out of place like she just ' t meant to be there . she lost forlorn and stood out like a sore thumb amongst the vibrance and the loudness of the city . it was so strange made me feel quite ill at ease to be perfectly honest with you . and the most curious thing of all was that she would not take her off me she at me the whole one hour and that i was a passenger on this train . and it ' t the sort of stare that you get when someone is trying to hit on you no there was no life in her no warmth . they were like two empty white devoid of any and all feeling . her face was a blank canvas . she me out . i ' t think too much of it at first i thought maybe she was just a who spent her time staring at people to make them feel uncomfortable . people like that exist don ' t they ? i just ' t shake the feeling though that feeling of dread that coursed through me as she at me with those expressionless . the thing is that day i saw her on my way home too . i haven ' t been able to stop seeing her since . the are normally slightly less in the especially after . and i always finished work at around . usually i get on the . train one i never miss . on one particularly quiet evening i got a seat which was incredibly rare and i at the idea of being able to sit down for the hour and of my journey . as i said before i am not one to observe my surroundings in great detail as i would much rather read or listen to music and play candy crush on my phone . i was halfway through a particularly troublesome level of the game when i suddenly felt a shiver travel down my spine and i had this overwhelming feeling that someone was watching me . i up and there she was again sitting a few down on the opposite side . i can ' t describe how she made me feel . she at me with her bleary her mouth slack . the atmosphere suddenly felt morose it got so cold that i could see the faint of my breath twirl in front of me as my breathing grew rapid and shallow . dark almost black hair her thin it as if by the wind despite there being no breeze and the of the were closed . her skin was the colour of ash bland arid and upon closer inspection i could see of broken and cracked skin . she ' t old at all but she it . my travelled down to her they were covered with a crudely cut grubby fabric . my when i saw what was underneath . i saw of a deep wound an open wound that some sort of black substance . it her thin dress and down her grimy . i down and saw that she was barefoot . i my and at her face once more . her thin wiry were at her side tightly gripping the seat with her body leaning toward me . she was smiling so wildly black sludge seeped out of the sides of her mouth and through her yellow teeth . she her mouth then a pained expression her face and her to bleed . i got the impression that she was screaming or to but no sound her mouth . i and up out of my seat . i was so that i crying i ' t understand the that were unfolding before me . this girl she was dead . i around by fear . to my dismay the train was completely empty and i had i my stop . i turned back to look at that awful girl again but she was no longer there . the train to a halt and the i had no clue where i was but i had no interest in on this train any longer so i go off almost ran in fact . the next day i was still shaken so i decided against on the train . instead i awoke at the crack of dawn and made my way . the were fairly empty at that time of the morning . i had thought that maybe if i used a different of transport i ' t see her . i was wrong . i fell asleep on the bus and when i my my vision was slightly blurry . i around . my vision soon and that was when i saw her . she was crouching behind one of the in front of me and all i could see was her hollow all i could see was those blank staring back at me . i ' t take it . i around and none of the other any indication that they saw her . i don ' t think they did . i had considered some of the people on the bus if they could see her but i was too frightened to even more . i knew deep down they ' t see her though so i would have just come across as some lunatic someone who a psychotic break and maybe i had ? i could feel panic bubbling up inside of me threatening to overtake me . she off the seat then and i mean like a snake stalking it ' s prey . she never took her off me for a second and i was altogether frozen to the spot . what she did then would forever be into my brain . she arched her back and doing a reverse crab walk her lurid slowly but with precision . her mouth was open and her tongue slid in and out of it with the same black tarry matter trickling out onto the floor . it was a hideous sight an overwhelmingly terrifying sight but i just ' t take my off of her . all of a sudden her crab walk and she ran toward me screaming . i too and out of my seat and ran toward the door on the other side of the bus away from her . other at me alarmingly . i the emergency button for the bus to stop and ran the hell out of there . i in sick the next few i ' t bear to go . the thought of seeing her again filled me with such a formidable fear that to me from within . i knew that i would have to go back eventually but i ' t know if physically i could do it . what did she want from me ? who was she ? i ' t know . how could i possibly know . she my as well as my waking life . i ' been seeing her standing outside my flat lately sometimes she behind the opposite and sometimes she in the middle of the road simply looking up at me . sometimes her mouth as if she ' s speaking . each day she closer and closer . always watching . i think she to come in . what i ' m about to tell you a few ago in the summer of . back then i was still a student university in my home town and if memory me right it was my rd year in . most of what then on those two summer nights still me guessing to this day . let me get a few down before i don ' t drink a lot but can hold my liquor very well . back while i drank way more often than i do now of course like i ' m sure most of us did or will do when the times comes . so whenever us and the headed out anywhere we at least had a few per person with us . also just to set the record straight i ' m not a big fan of recreative they just don ' t seem to affect me the way they effect most other people . but they manage to do one thing to me they make me very aware of my surroundings and extremely paranoid . it ' s like my are i seem to be able to hear each and every little blade of grass swaying in the wind or at least it like i can . after our came to an end we decided to get together with the and head out to a lake not too far from our city . rent a small house in the along the shore and just spent the and nights sitting out down at the lake singing and telling at the campfire and obviously getting absolutely . we a chat in one of those popular added everyone who was to go and getting our under way . in the end a few more people than i thought would go decided to tag along . i was absolutely fine with this because we all studied together and i knew most of them pretty well except for that one guy . let ' s just call him sam . sam was a rather quiet and shy dude who really ' t seem to stand out in any way . he was not exceptionally gifted in sports or just kind of average in everything . i never really spoke with him on campus but we did say hi to each other from time to time . alright so when i said that sam had no exceptional i lied . he did have one quality that him from everyone around him he was long really long . that might sound a bit funny if you get the joke but what i really mean by long is he was extremely tall and his whole body just to be out . i mean for example if you look at most basketball they are usually very tall but their build is more or less proportional to their height . but this was not the case with sam all of his body were just extremely long almost too long . i swear if you added just one more inch to his arms or neck he would legit start to look like one of those blue from the movie i mean he already almost did . after the typical trash talking each other over what meat should we bring for the and what beer would be best we loaded ourselves in our and drove out . we decided to obviously because like ten pull up to the house was not a great idea . so we took two five each . i to land a seat right next to sam . by the end of the ride we were actually getting along pretty well . after getting past his initial awkwardness he was a rather chill dude . by the time we we to talk about almost everything school sports travel you name it ! the rest of the day was a we drinking pretty much off the bat right after we out of our . by nightfall we already had a little fire going down by the shore and were screaming our out yelling some stupid song that i can ' t remember . as it got late the one by one to slowly head up to the house . i to get as much of the beautiful night lake in before heading to sleep so i headed over to one of the picnic tables not too far from the water just to sit down and relax a little bit . a few later sam came up with two and if he could join me . i obliged he sat across from me and we to talk about random . eventually probably because of all the alcohol we to share how our personal were getting along . at the time my relationship with my ex was at an all time low though we really did like each other so i guess i got a little emotional telling him what was going on . he could tell i was going through a phase so when i finished he gave me a reassuring pat on the back and gave some advice as to what he thought was best in my situation . not to long after that we headed back the already pitch black trail through the up to the house . we chilled on the porch a bit before heading in . after getting the last few of the dark night air he gave me another reassuring pat on the back then we the house and went to bed . by now you ' re probably wondering why i ' m everything in such detail but what i just above is crucial to what the next day . so while i was tossing and turning in bed under the snoring of one of the and thinking about random crap trying to go to sleep it hit me . how the was sam able to pat me on my back down by the lake ? he was sitting right across from me . the table was one of the typical picnic tables that you can find in almost every park . there was no way he would be able to pat me on my back without getting up a bit and leaning over the table . sure i mean he was as i had previously pretty long but not long enough for what he did . i was sure that it was him who me because he did it again in the exact same way back on the porch and besides no one was around us when we were sitting at that table down by the lake . by how he me on the back by the lake he must have done it with his right hand . and on the porch i ' m pretty sure he gave me a pat with his left hand on the way in to the house . come to think of it i m sure i never saw his whole right arm at any part of the night starting from when we were sitting down by the lake . he kind of kept it under the table while we sat . on the way back up to the house and on the porch it was dark and he to always be at an angle to me with his right hand a bit behind his back at all times in a way so that i could not fully see it . what the heck was going on ? am i losing it ? on the next morning we all got up and had breakfast then decided to take a walk around the lake . i tried to avoid sam at all i was still confused at what i thought last night . during the walk our met once by accident . for a second i gave him a thoughtful look before i came to my and my expression to a smile . but it was already too late . i could tell by his face that he knew i figured it out that i knew something was wrong . after that we kind of each other for the rest of the day . when evening came and it to get dark we were all sitting or half lying down on the ground around the campfire by the lake like last night . sam was sitting directly across from me on the other side of the campfire . i really can ' t remember what we were all doing at the time but i that sam was just staring at me . i ' t know how long he was staring at me for because as i had already said i was a bit out and tried not to make eye contact with him . he kept it up for about . feeling a bit i decided to stare back at him who the did he think he was sitting there and thinking he can make me feel uncomfortable just like that ? staring back at him was probably the biggest mistake i had ever made . i should have just cut my and chilled with him staring me down the whole evening without making any eye contact . as soon as our locked it . his neck to get longer . i ' m not his neck out . it was a rather slow process probably about a minute but you could tell his head kept moving up . i was in shock . when his head was about above where it should have been i finally broke eye contact and around at the rest of the . the ' t seem to notice . everyone was laughing drinking or shouting some random . no one saw what sam was doing . i had enough i was thoroughly . i got up and walking up to the house . when i got to a point where i was almost around the corner of the house but could still see the campfire if i to i took one look back down . and sure enough everyone was still around the campfire the time of their . only sam was quiet with his head turned on his already impossibly long neck staring up at me and smiling . part part part part hey ! i think my friend is in danger and to run it by you all to make sure i ' m not crazy . background m . both my friend and i are class of just trying to find our way through this chaotic pandemic . like everyone else we were disappointed that our last semester was cut short and a lot of went unsaid . her name is pronounced the way so it like " " with a j but she goes by . brunette slim pale complexion objectively quite attractive . also open minded funny and a great listener . we were part of a big friend group and while most of us were at home decided to take a trip to . she had always to go but i ' t think she ' d do it in the middle of the pandemic . for those unfamiliar with travel right now as of this writing on june international are to as long as they quarantine for at their port of arrival . was fine with it and money ' t an issue for her so off she went . she last night and been me since but i only this morning that some were really off about the place she ' s been . i don ' t think her flight took her to . it was about june . i was in my room killing time and watching when i got a text message from saying the following ! guess who just landed on the golden coast ! i with i ' m . who ? mind you i saved our text and wrote them down word for word here but the only way to save picture on is to them and i ' t have a reason to do that so i won ' t have verbatim text if either of us with a picture message . anyway she sent me a picture of her view from the airplane window with a laughing . i remember that her seat was directly above the right wing of the plane and and beyond that were from the airport that surrounded them . it was clearly night time and there to be condensation on the window . perhaps it was ? another thing i remember from that snap was that she had crudely written the word " " with the draw tool and that her geo ' t working yet . i with a picture of myself giving a up . about or later she sent me a blurry picture of her taken while she was walking down a terminal . you all know those airport that look like carpet but we ' re still hard as a rock ? yeah that . i forgot the exact wording but she said that she might not survive there after all . i rolling my and with something along the of a sarcastic " why ? " she with a text so quiet here . nobody ' s said anything since we landed . theres like in the airport and it ' s dead silent . no no laughing nothing ! just airport was outgoing . you could leave her with a crowd of and an hour later she ' d be able to tell you all about their and . i ' m not exactly an introvert but standing next to her definitely made me look like one . so naturally she ' d get restless . i " airport . " they ' t tell you to have a nice stay ? no ? customs guy ' t yell at you ? laughing . her no . everyone just got up and walking off the plane so i . and the customs guy literally just at me until i gave him my passport . creepy . me yeah that ' s she about later with a picture of one of those airport the little that could only fit like people in the actual store and the tables were outside . i sent her a picture of my face and eaten at those of before at and let her know that they ' d overcharge her for food . she it and left me hanging . by this point about had since her first message to me . it was midnight when i got another text from her . her don ' t mind me just and looking busy the taxi guy looking back at me every anger . me there ' s your chance for a dude . ask him about to go to see her he won ' t talk to me . just like airport guy until i told him the address for my hotel . me maybe they ' re it cool to not spook the ? shrug with a picture looking out the car window . the of the night life were trailing since they were just driving past . i left her hanging for a little bit to brush my teeth and change into my . i ' t have been more than . when i under the i sent her a picture of my face and for an update . she with a picture of her face . it was dark and she was clearly still in the taxi . she for how long she was out . i with text what do you mean ? her sorry i cant see when you sent the last picture . i closed my for a bit and must have fallen asleep . me i was like her huh ? ? really ? ? me are you ? skeptical . her no ! we were just in the middle of the city . now like we ' re in the middle of the desert . pitch black no anywhere to my knowledge she had landed in which was a pretty big city . i sent her a picture of my and told her not to worry and to reach out to me if she was . she took a of my message and left me hanging . i until it was almost am . i got another snap from her just as i was about to sleep . curious and also because it was i chose to open it right away . the snap was just a black screen if i was up . i that i was and about her hotel . the next snap was a picture of her hotel room with the out but taken with a flash . she was lying on her bed and i could see the rest of her body with a mirrored dresser in front of her a wall mounted to the left of that and a glass sliding door to the left leading to a balcony and it was covered with a large curtain . she also that she was a lot of trouble sleeping . the next part was where it got it got strange . i her what time it was and she sent me a video of a digital clock on the bedside table . it was forming all of weird on its screen that i ' t recognize and the were every few . i remember one being three on each other looking vaguely like a . i ' t even know those old digital could make . she said she ' t know and her phone was still set to us eastern time . i setting the time manually to eastern and she said her phone kept getting an error . i telling her to try turning on the . maybe a news channel or something could tell her . that ' s when she switched to text again . her i through some and every single one of them was in a language i understand me you might be on some or aboriginal station . her are new and it doesnt sound like an indigenous language . it was like but super super like they were a stroke . u know when you can almost understand something but cant ? me can i see ? her i cant show you . everything just turned off and now it ' s just static me maybe they turn off the at night . her icon up to indicate she was something then stopped after a few . it stayed in the bottom left corner for moment so i backed out of the chat with her to take care of some . about later she sent another text . the next few were all sent one at a time . ! ! ! i ' m so i worried and immediately what ' s wrong ? ? her i turned on the to see if still static i thought it was but the sound came on super loud ! ! i and it was loud as ! me that would ' anyone and you naturally . if someone comes knocking they ' probably understand . her i really dont want anyone to come knocking . the fact that these people dont talk is me out . me i ' d be out if i were there too . her ! i hear the people next door moving around . so i ' m getting under my blanket and there no matter what . me good . can ' t get you if your whole body is covered her no no no ghost talk is . i really cant she was clearly unnerved so i tried to get her mind off . me fine . how ' re you kill time for ? she for a few then for these weird i saw me what them weird ? laughing . her they look like like exactly like . flying in the sky in the distance me darkness and distance can make anything look like anything . once again she for a few for a noticeable amount of time then finished . she dude something just ran across the roof me a raccoon or something . her its a heavy raccoon then damn . and it like its running on two me you are tired . your brain is working against you at this point . just remember whatever ' s out there won ' t w you when they find out what a you are . go to the balcony and tell them to sod off or whatever they say in . her thanks and no thanks here where it ' s safe . but yah i will try to sleep now i left her hanging and out my phone down to go to bed . it was about am at that point . anyway i woke up this morning and that ' s when i that it should not have been night time for both of us during our . us eastern standard time and eastern standard time are exactly apart . it should have been the middle of the afternoon over there yet in every snap she sent me by all it was dark out and to be around the same time as it was here . a feature where you can see people ' s at their actual location . out of concern and curiosity i checked ' s and it her somewhere in the arctic circle . that ' t make any sense to either because she definitely flew to or at least toward it . she even put a new filter on her story when her flight over new . so here are the that make me believe she ' t land in . definitely the time zone discrepancy should ' been day time there when i was about to go to bed . literally nobody had said a word at all . not to her not to each other not to themselves . i have family in so i them about this and they said the were just as loud as anywhere else and people ' t go out of their way to not talk . she landed in or should have . i at airport on and it ' s pretty much in the middle of it . you ' d have to drive a while just to get out of the city and definitely a lot longer to get anywhere close to the " middle of nowhere . " i might just be wrong about this one and could ' been exaggerating but i left it in just in case . the digital clock in her room ' t showing any readable time and odd instead . you know with digital every number is shaped so they all fit into a square number but it was making and diagonal and everything . like the one her and i have automatically set themselves to the time zone of wherever you are if your location is on . her phone ' t and she ' t change it manually . also said the language that the spoke in a language that like and she confident that it ' t or another indigenous language . saw huge whale shaped in the sky at night . i do know that most bird species don ' t fly at night and i ' been looking up all day but haven ' t found any that fit her description . i sent her a snap when i woke up how everything was and she ' t it yet . that was about ago as of this writing . i really hear what you all have to say anything because i don ' t know what to make of it . a beautician a peppermint mocha . a construction consultant like a caramel . jenny wang a fitness instructor surprisingly her cold brew with a pile of whipped cream . then there was willy the coroner who would almost consume his entire salted caramel mocha before to his work van . pete the mayor a basic black coffee . . s coffee shop was a staple of our small community . downtown in the same location for thirty . s coffee shop gave of all of life an opportunity to start each morning with a boost . and i was there to make sure that . the community around the quaint little business and i can understand why . the mood was slow the hustle and bustle of the of its . it was with comfortable seating reading material and free . the pale glow of the overhead set off a feeling of appeasement . on the wall behind the counter was the menu and beside that was a framed image of . s husband . in the late s he had her get the business but before it so now a photo and plaque as a memento to what he his wife accomplish . near that was a shelf of and with the business s printed on them all available for purchase . soft instrumental music over the . i d just finished my senior year of high school and was looking for a summer job when i saw the now poster inside the coffee shop window . . although well throughout town was a peculiar woman . but who t be at seventy one old ? during the interview she tested me on my knowledge of all coffee which i as i m an avid drinker myself . she proper procedure and then me how a few of the work to test my aptitude at working with my . she hired me on the spot ! but the one thing that stood out the most during her interview was her insolent harsh that her office was off . a first offense is a fireable offense she told me . her office was in the back of the building and i t imagine why i would need to go there in the first place . everything involved with my job was behind the counter . i like a good employee . welcome to the team she had told me and me with a hug . that was one month ago . now my are top notch and i take full advantage of the employee discount of one free drink per day . willy the coroner free coffee too . i tried . about his discount but was brushed off . with all the death he with on a daily basis the least we can do is give the man some free coffee she had told me . coffee people sane . people alive . coffee is just as important as blood . i found it odd that no other people in town were given but assumed he must be a relative . or god forbid a lover . yuck . still i my time there . delicious for people to enjoy was something i took pride in and the conversational atmosphere broke me out of my introvertive shell . the and of made the day fly by especially when two chatty would come in and unknowingly fill me in on the latest town gossip . yes the routine was pleasant and satisfying . until yesterday . mornings don t start with the rising of the sun . to many people mornings only begin with that first sip from a mug . lined up at the front door each morning before heading to a site or office eager to start their day with something delicious . many times they in the dark . it s not unusual for to get to work at a . m . to prepare for the day ahead but my boss was merciful . i t have to be in until a . m . because the shop t open until . however that night i t sleep . maybe i t have had that tall white chocolate mocha after lunch . i and turned in bed watched shudder for a while my phone . nothing worked . my decision to go in early to the shop like a good idea . my arrival two early would let me deep clean the something i d been off for a while . i saw a negative review a few days before that still me . great coffee disgusting it said . i show you narutofan . i my apron and a pop tart then took off to main street . i near the curb and the front door while slipping the apron over my head . i was about to press in the code for the smart lock when i a low rumbling noise from behind the building . i turned down an alley and skirted the building edge . when i around the corner i found the coroner van backed up to a small loading dock . willy was large of red liquid from the van and them inside . when he into his van again i ran behind a stack of old wooden to get a better view . . was there just inside the door . when a mental map of the building came into focus i that the room they were the in was . s office . she had a separate back door all to herself . beside my boss stood someone else a lanky person . under the ominous cone of the awning light it was difficult to see who it was at first . a man perhaps but the delicate of the face and pale skin gave him an androgynous model like appearance . flawless skin . long flowing hair that was swept into a that over a black . to put it flatly the man was gorgeous . he familiar so i tried which community member he was was he the new pastor of first ? a softball coach ? maybe a banker that worked at the branch downtown ? his lanky body over . as willy took several into the office . i twelve who how many they unloaded before i that the coroner inside the room . when finished he his brow and against an awning column . his voice was low but i my neck to hear . that s all i got for this month willy said and the van closed . i t drain those two that in bower s lake last week . their an autopsy so i t risk it . i know how you pay extra for blood . not worth the risk . said and turned to the lanky man . right love ? the lanky man an arm from behind his back and her hair with a lengthy fingernail . she her head back and closed her like the man s touch was euphoric . this should suffice for now the lanky man said then handed willy an envelope . willy it and out the contents . money . lots of money . it s tough work to drain all these before they go to the morgue . tough work but well the coroner said and out a laugh . willy piled into his van and took off down the alley . i grew fearful he would see my vehicle but he turned west out of the alley opposite where i my car . the low rumble of his van into a wail as he sped down main street . before . closed the back door i a brief but terrifying conversation . care for a coffee love ? . . i know you must be on your way before the sun comes up . i d love a cup of coffee . the usual please the lanky man said and revealing a set of lengthy . as he closed the door i spotted . the red liquid from the into a large disposable cup . i home and back in bed . with trembling i . two later to report how i t be coming in due to an illness . i was confident she bought the lie . i m not sure what i saw or how to qualify it . but the thing that unnerved me most and kept me awake for a second straight night the thing that i can ' t wretch out of my mind was the lanky man . it took me a while to realize that he just like the man in the framed photograph that hung beside the menu the photograph of . s husband that over thirty ago . my friend kim is lovely . she s a tall powerful lady with a heart of gold . people find her brash but not me i always see her good . i been with kim for . we had around the same time and she recently had her third baby . her and her husband recently to accommodate their growing family and i haven t made it over to see their new house yet . i feel terrible that i haven t or even met the baby a little girl . her older two jake and are like to my two and the whole family been missing them . i think of kim a lot but life in the way . we all do it ignore that we t we get so wrapped up in what we have going on . my mind was full of work when i got the text . i d just got through the door with i d picked up on my way home . i saw that it was from kim and i i put the phone down and carried on away my shopping making a mental note to answer it when i was done . a family dinner conversation with my husband and glass of wine later i found myself on my sofa that my friend had tried to contact me . i open the text and my heart sank . thanks for coming to see me . it was nice to catch up . she was being sarcastic . i knew it . she was that i t and that brash side of her personality was coming out . i text back immediately i felt awful . kim i m so sorry life s just been busy . i promise i come and see you soon can t wait to meet . i sat on it for a few waiting for a reply . i figured kim was probably on it . making me wait . the were already in bed when the phone went again . sorry i was bathing the baby and getting the settled . what are you on about ? you i m sorry about your top i owe you a new one . her little evil giggle after she was sick on her josie . i was now seriously confused . this t kim s usual style . what if she genuinely thought i d been over . was she ? was she suffering from some sort of post natal ? i to support her but i t sure how so i text her husband . works as a truck driver overnight i knew he t be home with her when i . is kim ? i m a little worried about her . i keeping it simple . he took a while to text back to be while driving . it was late when he must have had his first chance to pull over i was already laying in bed but his kept me up all night . hey josie ! it was great to see you the other day we all you bring the over next time ours would love to see them . kim s good just a little tired with new baby . thanks for on her you re a great friend . i t respond . it was late enough that i could pretend i was asleep and it without seeming rude . i laid and just thought . what if i had the problem ? what if i d been over there and forgotten ? maybe i to see a doctor . but the more thought i put into it the less rational the whole situation got . i d been at work that morning i supposedly saw her and i could prove it . i d gotten a parking ticket that day as my usual space t free i d halfway over some double yellows by my building and been caught . the ticket even detailed how long i was there . i stopped myself i t believe i was that much thought into it . and kim were just some sort of joke had to be . i around am and a couple of sleep before the woke me in the morning . it was the weekend so i had the day off and i thought about taking the over to kim s . the morning went on and after running a few i determined . i to talk to her get this up and see my friend again for real this time . i know how stressful a new baby can be so i text her first if it was . what i got back made me feel sick . please stop me . my friend josie is sat opposite me now with her new phone since her old one was stolen . what you are doing is creepy and i have you to the police . this was beyond a joke now . i to get angry . so i accordingly . this is ridiculous . i am not sat in front of you . i m sorry i haven t seen you in a while i m trying to change that but this joke is just a bit much now don t you think kim ? i usually t fight her she had such a strong personality that it t worth it but she was taking a step too far . i just hoped that she would see how much it was getting to me and stop . i was so wrong . the next text came with an image attachment . stop it now creep . my skin as i took in the image my loudly at my . it was a photo of me sat at kim s kitchen table with my young son in my lap . an old one i thought at first but i was wrong . the clothes t mine and the newspaper in front of her perfectly the one i bought that morning . at first i was a skeptic in the paranormal and the supernatural . every time something strange would happen i would find an explanation . but in these recent what to my family could not be . my son was the biggest fan of sonic i have ever known . he had every sonic game as a collection on his video game shelf . we would play sonic four nights a week the last game that we before the incident was sonic r . it was a sonic racing game that had pretty bad only and many . but we had fun in the end . once i as the doll to see if this character had better . but no he did not ! for some odd reason the doll was my son ' s favorite . . . because of its rarity and . but i thought the doll odd and out of place for a sonic game character . and of course the only gift he for his birthday was a sonic r doll . it was very hard to find . i on and more ! five days later i found one on wish . wish is a where they sell for a fair amount of money . it cost and . the description rather scary . that ' s what it said . " it is a small doll that can somehow stand on its own and talk to . " please take it away from me . . . " i decided to check the but there were none . so i bought it and it was already being shipped . two later it finally came into the post office . i brought it to my house to give it to my son . when he the box the doll and a little broken but he it anyway . everyone else of that doll . it had these dark and white and this red diamond hanging from a small cable . it was orange and white and it the sonic r character to a t . my son me and with it in his room . everyone else told me that they felt a feeling of being crushed and the feeling of terror but i told them that it was probably their . that night i a voice in my son ' s room . the voice like a child ' s voice . i checked his room and well nothing out of the ordinary was going on . the next morning my son tired and he also was more negative towards us . he kept screaming in rage when he his homework and when he made a mess . my son ' s overall anger worse as the but i could not help him out . the paranormal were the most active in the year . sometimes i would hear outside my room and they would stop at my son ' s room . and these that i kept hearing while i was alone at night . . . it was a mix of screaming and laughing and when i for the i would never find them . when i would wake up i would check up on my son . to have been thrown or broken into but my son had no reaction as if nothing . my most traumatic event was when my son was covered with scratches on his back and that damn doll was right next to him it ' s at this point that i knew that the doll was no ordinary doll . i should have a priest but that doll somehow forced me to deny any help . at of my son possessed . his were completely dark and he tired and weak . his violence was the worst that night . he his own mother and in pain as he ran to the backdoor . fortunately i him and the doll and met a priest that ended up saving my son by a exorcism . it took until he was completely . the priest told me to burn the doll before it more damage and i immediately a fire . the doll felt cold as if it was frozen and i saw its moving towards mine . i threw it into the fire and it this high scream and it shook violently as it ashes . in these past few we have been at peace and negativity was completely washed away . before i get fully into this i feel it necessary to point out that i no idea how long this been happening . but now that i know of it now that i am fully and intimately aware of what i have been living with in blissful ignorance for an untellable amount of time i absolutely cannot stop myself from on it . like an odd freckle that i probably had my whole life but upon discovery my brain to believe it could be anything other than cancer . maybe it s harmless . but maybe it t . a week or so ago i that my pet lizard s tank fake and general clutter was consistently being each night . every morning i would have to remove her from the enclosure and reorient most of her surroundings . i had the lizard for a few and this was new behavior . even so it likely t have even stuck me as odd if i had caught her doing it once or twice . i m a night owl so i almost never fall asleep before or am . but being that i had never borne witness to her on top of the fact that she s a fairly small lizard a leopard gecko and some of her clutter is reasonably heavy last night i finally decided to investigate further and see what sort of reptilian acrobatics my girl was getting up to in the wee of the morning . now my phone battery is utter garbage but there was another solution my s old digital camera . i say old but i guess a more fitting term would be outdated considering the prominence and availability of instant photo technology present in today s . despite this the camera is actually a pretty decent little gadget . battery waterproof and most importantly night mode . it took some effort to dig it out of the basement crawl space and recharge the battery but by nightfall i was ready to record cirque . i really really wish i t . i t bother setting up the camera until right before i was ready for bed about am . early for me yes but i to be able to wake up at a decent hour to view the footage . fully the battery would give me about five of continuous recording . good . i switched it to night mode long the capture button to begin and checked to make sure that the camera was recording clear video after turning off the . the tank is positioned in the middle of a dresser with a tall backboard behind it within which a large mirror is set . you know the type every suburban white one in each bedroom . i the camera at an angle more toward the corner of the tank so that i could capture two simultaneously a standard more head on perspective and that from behind the tank reflected in the mirror . satisfied with my innovation i went to bed . the tiny red light next to the record button blinking twofold between reality and the mirror a good laugh at the footage to be seen the following day . that us to this morning . i woke up than usual around am . i had sort of hoped that the camera would still be functional but it was as dead as dead . as eager as i was to see what it was i d the five it took to extract the card and boot up my felt like straight up water torture . the video was five forty seven and thirteen long . at approximately the one hour mark my gecko from underneath her little log hide and rooted around in her bedding for a while probably looking for stray since it t a feeding night . after about ten she returned to her log where she stayed . i ahead in the video fifteen at a time waiting for her to come back out . she t . for the first time since waking up i thought to actually look inside her tank . not a bug out of place . none of her were none of the decorative or or or over . i felt a twinge of disappointment in my gut and of course she would stop her the second i decided to look into them . i returned to my bed and made to close out the video but something stopped me . i still had nearly five of unseen footage to go through . so for no particular reason i to click through it dragging the scrub bar and watching the zoom by . i stopped again at the . hour point roughly in the morning when the thought to me to listen for my own . i m somewhat famous in my family for holding full nocturnal so my hope was that i d at least some sort of mid slumber rambling to laugh about later . thirty of quiet distant breathing . a light snore or two . that was all the normalcy to me before the contents of that video shook me to my very core . at exactly the familiar creak of my bedroom door made me look up from my only to realize that the sound was coming from the video itself . the camera was not positioned to capture the door in its view but it did anyway via the mirror . i felt my blood freeze in my . from the crack in the door barely wide enough to accommodate a mouse in this thing . tall staggeringly so enough that it had to duck its head to fit through the doorframe thin and sickeningly lanky . black spindly arms hung from sharply jutting dislocated far past where a normal human being s would have ended . practically dragging the floor . its just as thin and just as dark bent backwards like those of some sort of grotesque bird silent and fluid where they as though they should have cracked and snapped with each awkward movement . it stepped like a shadow impossibly quiet unnaturally still between . the only audible sign of its presence was the creak and click of the door behind it . when again it turned surveying the room its unholy white of light gleaming in an otherwise deep set void of a face reflected in the mirror . as i watched this absolute nightmare of a thing this manifestation of darkness on my screen i felt a strange air of familiarity wash over me . a part of my brain the part accustomed to making of everything as a form of macabre coping mechanism and pointed out that this must be my sleep paralysis demon . except that sleep paralysis only manifested when sleep paralysis did not in the waking world caught by mere happenstance on a digital recording . it hurt to breathe . it felt like this unholy creature s thin branchlike were pushing through my chest of shadow winding themselves dangerously tight around my . i more than anything to close out of the video and pretend i d never seen it . but foolishly i carried on driven by horror and curiosity and an innate desperation to wake from whatever nightmare had begun with the opening of that video file . the shadow figure made its way slowly and methodically across the room dragging carpet too large head to the side on a thin neck barely substantial enough to support it . those pinprick white and soulless were unblinking on my sleeping form . i felt a rush of bile surge its way up my windpipe as i watched it crawl into bed with me . the around my as it slunk into my only place of refuge atop the and settled next to my prone helpless body . the second it one of those sickeningly long shadowy over my waist and those hypnotic malevolent blinked shut into darkness i out of the video . my were shaking like leaves in a violent spring storm . on autopilot i dragged the video file from the card to the recycle bin then manually into the bin to delete the evidence of the previous night s for good . i my shut with a finality that i wish my brain would take the hint and adopt as its own . i haven t the camera . i haven t even the card . but i m going to . why ? i don t know exactly . those grotesque and shining white keep over and over in my head frame by frame . the video is gone but i never be able to unsee it . i never be able to un learn of the eldritch horror that itself beside me in bed like it had slept there for a thousand nights and then some nor will i ever be able to un wonder whether or not it will return tonight or any night following . i woke up this morning and have done so every other morning thus far . that to count for something t it ? it t hurt me yet . maybe it never will . maybe that freckle is just a freckle . maybe there s nothing to be afraid of unless i think too hard about it . but maybe not . tonight i ' replace the camera . i ' m afraid to record this thing head on so i ' be the mirror again . i just hope that i can handle watching whatever i capture . . . i stood just outside the side door of the abandoned house holding my talkie in my left hand and my flashlight in my right . was standing outside the back door and jerry got the front . had on night in that very house after we had him to stay for whole inside it . we were only . everybody was worried sick about him but when we told the police where he they found nothing inside . so we decided to look for ourselves . " you there ? " jerry said through his talkie . " yeah i ' m here " i . " you there ? " " yeah i ' m here " he . why ' d we have to do this at night ? " " because our will get suspicious if we ' re gone during the day " i said . " are we all ready ? " they all assured they were . jerry gave a from three then we all stepped inside . as soon as i got through the door the rank of the place hit my like a hammer . the smell to be mould wood and i ' m pretty sure about it the faint coppery smell of dried blood . " it in here ! " i said into the talkie . they all agreed . " so where do we look first ? " jerry . with " i say we all meet up by the round window that you can see from outside and search for on the way . " " how long are we have to stay here ? i ' m really out " jerry . " as long as it " i . " we ' re not leaving without . " then getting strange . i had found my way into the basement . i found nothing in there other than some old and disgustingly food who the hell food in a basement ? but i in there with me . i who it was . jerry and both said they were at least one above ground . i got out of that basement as soon as i could . " did anyone find anything ? " i . they all negative . " then let ' s hurry up and get to the window . i ' m so i think i ' m hearing . " i said . " way ahead of you dude " jerry . " wow you ' re such a wuss " said to him . i on my way up the . they were old and rickety just as i . then i a crash . then a scream . it was loud but it was even through my talkie . " what the hell was that ? " i . a few second of silence then jerry ' s voice " ! i fell through the floor ! " i . " are you ? " " stupid . yeah i ' m fine . " " anything broken ? " . " nope " jerry . " when we get to the window be light with your " i said . i finally the room by the round window . it was up . i turned the brass knob of the door and swung it open and let out a gasp at what i saw . i saw nothing which was exactly the problem . the floor that jerry should ' fallen through was completely whole not even so much as a crack in the . " jerry ? " i said into the talkie . " that floor you supposedly fell through there ' s no hole in it . " no answer . " hello ? " i . jerry ' t answer . nobody . that was when i a blood scream . but it ' t just any scream . it was the same scream we all on that night from the house . that scream to our missing friend . " ! " i . " where are you ? " then from my talkie ' s voice " i ' got him . just stay where you are . " i was too confused to do anything else at that point . after a long silence i into the talkie " anyone there ? " then ' s voice . not from the talkie but from behind me " i ' got you now . i you and all your here because i ' m hungry . i already got the rest of them . " it out as ' s voice but slowly into something much more demonic animalistic . then the thing the thing that was talking to me the whole time spoke in its real voice " and now i ' got you . " i turned around and there it was . i can ' t find to describe that creature but whatever it was it had teeth . i and did the only thing i could do . i turned around and through the round window all the way to the bottom . that was all ago . it took awhile but both of my are now . i won ' t be doing any athletics but at least i can walk . even at old that night never left my mind . after the police found me both broken unconscious they the house for the of and jerry . all they found were of blood outside where they were both meant to enter the house . the back door and the front door . i don ' t think either of them even got into the house . what is wrong with him ? we don t know yet doctor . we just got him out of the ambulance . the resident that us said that he saw him coming from the desert in this condition . what is someone doing out in the desert completely alone at night ? did he have an id or some kind of license to find out who he is ? maybe he s been missing ? no nothing . we don t have a clue . his only are his half torn up clothes . have you his blood yet ? he probably taken at lest some kind of substance . i mean look at these scratches all over his body . possibly from an animal but he s got blood on his so i think they were self . yes i agree he is also just non stop speaking gibberish like that just don t make sense . well we re not learning anything standing outside like that . i m going to test his reflex responsiveness and then we can see if we can get anything out of him . i m not going in there again . no matter what got him into that state he is definitely dangerous . we even had to constrict him so that he won t scratch us as well . then i m going in alone . i just can t leave him in there like that besides now i m and want to find out what . please leave this to the team and the police please doc . come on where is the fun in that ? i be fine . alright but be careful promise me that ? xb xb hello i m the doctor here . can you tell me your name ? can you hear me ? choose they re don t my head what ? talk can t remember say i m not here to hurt you . i just want to help you but you have to tell me what . brain chosen human don t know please listen to my voice . you are in a hospital i m a doctor and there is a nurse outside . whatever you see right now it s not real you are safe here i promise . h h help me i will but you have to so i actually can help you ! . . . tell me everything you remember . g get them out of my head ! who ? who is in your head ? they are ! get . . . them out ! i need help ! he is getting out of control ! it ! i can t . . . remember ! they chose me . . . but i can t remember ! i am i a m kill me ! i am the . . . cho sen one ! they chose me ! we chose me ! ! please ! help me ! he is getting violent ! where are you ? ! dead all dead chosen vessel kill . . . m . . . us ! listen to me ! stop this ! this t real you are one person ! we powerful not weak human ! w wha ! we are eternal ! human death ! . . . death ? the tragedy at the hospital in las on only in the local news . apparently a got lost in the desert and was taken to the hospital after the call of a resident living near the desert . this then the doctor that was on duty that night . in the fight both the and doctor got mortally wounded and subsequently from blood loss . or at least that s what we been told . i m the head investigator assigned to this case . today we finally the security footage whose audio i above . and after watching it i don t think the cause of the freak out were . so i have two and i don t know if i want to know the xb what freaky is out there in the desert that got the into this condition ? and where the hell is the nurse ? had always been a child slept with night locked and a baby monitor even at this age . he was also calling for me about the monster in his closet . tonight was no different . he whispered into the baby motor that his closet door had open . i had shut it when tucking him in . i to get up quietly not wanting to wake my husband . he to be disturbed while he slept . i snuck out of the room looking at my husband one more time . he so peaceful when he slept it was the only time he was ever peaceful . was under his when i the door . i into his bed and laid behind him that for once he would just fall asleep . he s in there . he whispered . i was spooning his tiny body . he smelled like soap . it s honey i said . telling him there was no monster t going to work tonight . i knew because i watched as the door open further . there was a monster in the closet . i him as he to shake . he was such a good boy . he always to walk with mommy and even mommy put on . still he was the reason i was trapped . the door further and in the light i could see a large black hand . i felt my breath hitch for a second . the hand was large enough to crush my face with little effort . i felt move to peak but i a hand on his . my heart as the door more revealing the monster that had always been in the closet . i harder . jagged teeth covered what should have been his head . they were disgusting and horrific to see . they were dripping with spit . they to move back and forth in excitement . as he the smell of to admit from him . he over to us on all four . my brain was telling me to run . but i had to stay . he to the foot of the bed and put out both ready to receive . i around from him and smelled my son one more time . i slowly unwrapped my arms from around him . mommy he . as i myself away he to cry again . " don ' t leave me ? " i won t i whispered back . then i shove him off the bed his small body to fly into the arms of the monster . the monster him . his were loud possibly loud enough to wake up his father . i closed my . i the closet door shut . he for a few then silence . i felt my heart drop . i cracking and . i his tiny body being apart . i shook the thought out of my head . i was free now . when the closet i at the monster . his jagged teeth were red with blood . some of hair were on him . i kept my on him him briefly . then he left . i how my husband would react to seeing him . when i him scream in horror i knew this was all worth it . his death was much more painful . i d have to clean the blood from the . when the monster came back he back into the closet silently . i picked up the drill from where i it in the room . i screwed the door to the closet closed before leaving the room . i downstairs to my bedroom . and the floor were covered in blood . as my husband ' s wedding ring was on the . flight by another four due weather i put my back in that there t a chance in hell i was getting back to tonight . i as the left kept crackling and going out only for it to finally cut out for good and leaving me getting only half the song . i them both out now fully exposed to the noise of an airport terminal . the snoring of the man next to me somehow sleeping through the chaos . the i m a platinum member loudly to anyone who will listen about how he gave the too much money to be stuck in this backwater town . the who was talking way too loudly about personal on her phone while her three like and got in everyone s way . the guy refusing to cover his mouth while sneezing and and he did both a lot . the couple about how this was all your fault and maybe this trip was a mistake . and in the background of it all the rain pounding on the roof above us anyone from taking off . i decided to put my back in to at least muffle the sound when the middle child right past me and them right out of my with one of his arms . will you watch where you re going ! ? i snapped . this finally got the attention of the inattentive who at me like i just took a dump in her . don t you shout at my child ! she shaking her finger at me . i by getting up and heading right for the . if i stayed another minute i might just snap and slap the bitch . i open the door and just stood by the taking several deep and counting down from ten . i could not lose it out there if i lost it out there i might get out of the airport . and in a small town like this i d probably be out of luck when it came to getting a motel to stay at . it probably took a few too many to realize that the smell in the air t just the likely disgusting toilet and that i t alone . i turned to see a woman in the flight attendant uniform holding a lit joint in her hand . we just stood and at each other for a moment before i . i just shook my head and . rough day ? i . a nervous smile spread across her face . yeah you could say that . er don t tell my boss and i let you have some ? she . i don t smoke but thanks anyway . i and rubbed my . i was going to hit someone if i stayed out there for another minute . how do you handle it ? um ? she the joint up and now we were both laughing . the kind of laugh that comes when you re tired there s nothing left inside so it s either laugh or cry . when the laughter down she quietly . i m she herself . . before the joint and throwing the remains in the trash . well that help me get through the rest of this . let s hope the weather up so we can get back to she said . preach . it . we both out of the bathroom i was feeling a bit better i turned to thank for chatting with me when the ground shook beneath my . before i could even react me sending me flying into a wall . it was like the ground churning and tilting the growl of the off white floor splitting and opening up right beneath s the scream that from her as she into the abyss one more glimpse of her bloodless face and then she was gone . the shaking and came to a stop and it would been like nothing except there was now a canyon in the middle of the terminal . i to my my still ringing from the sound before i out into the airport . i the sleeping man from milling about while he at the chaos the sneezer helping the woman with her up off the ground and the mother screeching at the top of her where are my ! ? where are you ! ? ? ? where are you baby ? ! oh my god they fell in ! they fell down there ! there was no sign of the platinum member either . feeling like i was in the middle of a dream i milled over to the group looking for any sign of the . some of the roofing had fallen down but i t see any sign of those . sure they were obnoxious but i down the crevice . i knelt down and for any sign of the bottom . could really survive dropping down that ? i someone clear their throat and i up to see the sleeping man from . he a small flashlight from his pocket the button and threw it down . it spun around before it on the bottom . it might been dark but it that it t nearly half as deep as i d thought . it just that way because of the dark . either way it t have been a great fall . i saw one one of those at least fall down there . the man stuck his in his glancing at the floor . some guy tried to grab him before he fell but he ended up going to . i think that s a cave down there . they really built an airport over a cave ? i . the man . maybe they t know . either way i m going down he off his jacket i think i can climb on down . coming with ? without even thinking about it i . i m i said . roger he said before right down someone down the like a spider . i got up brushing off my jeans before looking around . hey i m going down there to look for the ! anyone else coming along ? i . everyone s on me at once was but the sneezer and the woman both me . ma am stay up here until the emergency get here . don t worry we go get your the sneezer said before he the descent . i was of the rock i all the time as a teen as i myself down the crevice . there was more than enough space for me to clamber down but without a harness i felt completely out of my depth . each time my foot slipped on the way down i thought this is it i m fall and break my neck . the wall t go down the whole way i only figured out when i dangling . i down and saw the light i only had a few to fall . those few of dropping made my heart fly into my throat and i never felt so glad to have wet as i into the water that was nearly up to my calves in depth . roger was already on the ground through the water and shining his light on the stone . i be damned . it really is a cave he said . the sneezer down almost falling on his ass on that last jump down . all right i you two introduce yourselves he and his nose i m . sorry i got a cold . where do you think the went ? and i m ! i barely caught the woman tumbling down taking several backwards and nearly twisting my ankle in the process . she around before her to her mouth . ! babe are you ! ? where are you ? ! as far as i could see we were the only down here . i my phone and on its light . maybe they went down this way . it s downhill maybe they took off in the dark ? i . roger his light the other way revealing it was a dead end . probably . good news though i t find any in the water . they t die in the fall he said . as she her own phone . the last thing i said to him was that we were over . if that s the last thing he like roger said they re not here meaning they got up and away i interrupted setting a hand on her shoulder . let s get moving they re still probably hurt and those are probably half to death . the four of us in silence for a few the only being s and the splashing water beneath our . i broke the silence first . i saw one of the flight fall down here too . we in the bathroom a bit . she me out of the way before i went down this hellhole too . so we re looking for three two men and one why haven t we seen anything ? a shoe a piece of clothing i could barely ignore the chill going down my spine . maybe the attendant hurried them out and his nose on his sleeve afraid it was going to close up on them . oh you think another shake will take this place down on us ? mental of being crushed underground flooded my brain and i nearly went weak at the but roger shook his head . i don t think it was an earthquake . this cave s only got a little water in it now but with all the rain i think it was a flash flood . just the ground under the terminal and well you saw what . maybe the could been washed away but not the . they probably did just get right back up and chose to high tail it out he said . and . tell you what this sure t going to help me get over the flu he . sure it s not the ? weakly to which i could just about feel rolling his at . not the . just a stuffy nose and a sore throat . and shook her head . sorry that s that s just what would say . always made stupid like that . again groaning as he his chest . air weird down here he . maybe you should climb back up ? wait for the emergency ? i . shook his head . i m not going to out when there s people hurt and down here especially the he said . roger his throat loudly . thanks but if you really need to turn back what the ? he his light over to the side of the cave where there was dirt rising out of the water just enough for some to grow . i over bending over to get a better look at the . each a muddy brown the bare until the top where there was a trio of wide leaves and a bright blue bulb in the center . i m not really a botanist but these are weird i said teaching up to give it a poke . roger caught my hand last second . don t . they might be poisonous he sounding like a worried parent . i stood back up sheepishly . anyone know what they are ? i getting only a bunch of head and in return . then . let s just keep looking for the . we only took a few more before stopped and . he to a stop before to the ground with a splash . roger back to supporting him and him from falling backwards into the water . ? what s wrong ? what s happening ? he said . all got out was there s something in my before his neck snapped backwards with a painfully audible crack . i ran up to him next shining my light in his open to look inside . i froze when i saw a familiar blue bulb right between his inflamed surrounded by those muddy leaves . the shock of seeing that in his throat made roger drop who back into the water head disappearing below the surface before the plant above it its leaves unfolding around that bulb . i ran . i ran down the cave screaming at the top of my . was right on my while roger was just frozen kneeling there next to s still body . i the behind us before we turned the corner and found the original people who fell down there . i the platinum card member first leaning up against the wall the stream bubbling over his with his neck bent sideways at a ninety degree angle the plant from his gaping mouth . i back and away nearly tripping over what i thought were just under the water until i down . the were sprouting from three tiny under the water . i fell to my and one of the by the them up to reveal it was the same child who d my out not even an hour before . his body was cold still . far too still . but their were still wide and alive stricken with terror as they at the plant sprouting from beneath their teeth . i them back watching them fall beneath the brackish water before looking up . was knelt next to the body of her as she into his far too alive . she at the plant before getting a steely look in her and getting back up . the plant by the stem she at the top of her as she with all her might ripping out the plant and most of s esophagus with it . i the most disgusting gurgle as the fell forward his neck in an unnatural position as the light in his faded and blood out of his mouth . was left holding onto the plant staring at the that with of bloody flesh . she then to her laughing the kind of laugh that only came from someone who d lost their mind . i turned away the moment that laughter turned into and continued running downstream feeling rush down my face and my chest seizing with . i ran and ran my growing numb while they dug into my phone case and i t stop running until i saw the light that the exit . i out of that cave onto a rocky beach . the rain had finally to a light sprinkle and i on the ground as i desperately the cold fresh air . i to the for a few before i i was hearing something else someone s wheezy breathing . i myself up and up to see a body right by the exit . i by her uniform first her face had turned a shade of bluish green and wide with such horror i t recognize the woman who d me out of the way and saved me from falling down the crevice . i over to her my in with her ice cold . her into mine . i m i m sorry i in an attempt to clear my throat i m sorry this to you . i this desperate whine and maybe it was just the wind but her head shook a little . i again that lump in my throat growing . this was my fault . you t be with slow and jerky onto the stalk growing from his throat and ripping out several of the plant still so much more down her throat . my face was with her blood and i at her . breathed in the run she before ripping the rest of the plant out taking her tongue with it . with that she to the ground lifeless . i got up . and i ran ran away until i was far away from that cave . but i think it s already too late for me . that lump in my throat t going away . xb my grandfather away several ago in his nursing home . he lived a long good life and we were all glad to be stood around his bed when the end came . my father and i took it upon ourselves to clear out his room at the home and that s where we came across this letter . it was crumpled and in an envelope under his bed . until today we never knew he had an older brother . dear brother i am sorry it taken me so long to reply to your last letter . i hope you are well and in good health . i wish i was you with good news of the german s retreat or adventure of my life here on the front as we used to imagine when we were young when we would dress as and pretend to be at war . yet i have come to there is no adventure here . fear over me as i sit in the trench and face across from death . it s an odd feeling as if i m on an otherworldly domain so similar to but devoid of all life . colour fled from this land long before i . we the trench many ago now i had only been in two days . i have not left the trench since then and i fear i may never leave this place . i am writing to you today to tell you of the horror i have not of the war itself but of what upon these . i want you to promise to keep the contents of this letter away from mother and father . i have you since we were and i know i can trust you to look after our family should i not return to . i need not imagine hell as i am currently there . everything is grey here from the mud beneath my boots to the of in the trench with me . the air above us from deafening silence to the roar of . no matter how much you try to adapt and become accustomed to this place each day like the first you . everyone is on edge and home . yet we try to make do . i leave my cot in the evening eating what i can muster before i must take my position as night for my stretch of trench . many of the pat me on my shoulder as i walk the stretch to the groove in which i spent each night . they nod and thank me for my role as many doubt they will see me again the next morning . night watch had a large amount of as of late . i to take the role after my bunk mate t return one morning and upon finding out what to him i wish i would have never put my name forward . his name was sally we him type of man who could lift no matter what . have been different since he left . the first night watch i had the sergeant with me to my station which struck me as peculiar . he me personally for taking up the watch assuring me that my undertaking would not go unnoticed . it was only once i got into position and through the gap in the barb wire and mud that i understood why . through the in the earth i could see several strewn across the mud their indistinguishable from the ground beneath them as if they were part of the landscape . however one still had some colour to it deep crimson made it stand out from the . it lay on its back facing towards the heavens . it took me a second to it was sally . the sergeant on his as he me again before turning and walking off down the trench . i was left there in silence staring at the corpse of my friend . i t look away . i t understand why he was out of the trench . crimson covered his uniform . his arm was bent in an impossible angle white of bone from his . but his face is what truly me . such a horror i cannot rid from my memory . a deep gouge ran from his neck to his hairline his head almost split in half . the skin was back around the wound leaving nothing but a chunk of meat where his should be . torn muscle and the bone of his jaw were twisted open as if he were screaming when he met his end . i could do nothing but stare as the orchestra of war to play around me and the night time cacophony of and screaming . i don t know how long but the trench eventfully slipped back into silence . it must have been close to dawn yet the air still felt heavy and the darkness to leave . i had tried to focus and look away from sally s remains but each time i to avert my gaze it t help but be drawn back . i finally found the strength to check my pocket watch . my shook as i it out of my breast pocket . am . that s when i the noise . a low guttural gurgle from no man s land beyond my fallen ally . i thought i it at first or maybe it was a horse caught in the barb wire . i the watch back in my pocket as it once more . this time it was . it was close . i strained my neck up as much as possible looking over the gouge in sally s face towards the baron landscape beyond . in the darkness i could see a shape slowly moving across the mud . my are good in the dark and under the pale moonlight i could make out its form although i struggle to put into what i saw . it was thin and gaunt a pole of matter extending from the mud upwards . i titled my helmet back so i could look up following the shape . it was a terror . a hulking mass of flesh and bone . its body was twisted and deformed of matter fell from it like leaves falling from a rotten tree . i my rifle tight yet not shoot at it . it bent down towards sally him up with its spindly . it was right in front of me now not even a meter from my face as it to lift his corpse up . no matter how much i try i cannot get the sound of his body snapping under the pressure of this grip out of my mind . his to pop . it let out another guttural rumble as it sally towards its chest . i my rifle so hard my burnt but i was too to look away . the thing to push his body into itself its dark shape him . i the grip on my rifle and for my book of . every tommy to light a match above a trench is a death sentence but in that moment i had to know what was happening to the remains of my friend . the beast as i to open the book of . i the first into the mud below then took another and struck it against the box . a small hiss filled the air as the match lit . i up at the beast before me . i have never such horror and because of what i saw i am now sure i am in hell . the creature was made up of people . . . even barb wire . they stuck out from its body in a manner i dare not describe . its were rope and together by mud and flesh . it sally in them as it his corpse into its putrid chest . sally was absorbed into the terror till all that i could make out of him was his face . he was looking straight at me his eye staring at me . then the creature stopped its and its head towards me . time stood still . the creature as it forward . i back down towards sally as the match went out in my hand . in the second before the light i swear to you i saw his eye twitch . he was alive in that thing . part of it . i went to reach back for my rifle wanting to kill the beast for what it had done to sally before i a loud ping and i was struck back off my station falling down into the trench behind me . i woke up in my cot surrounded by from my unit . they were cheery jesting with me as to why i decided to light a match i was just testing the . i was confused as they someone had found me on the trench floor covered in mud with a hole in the side of my helmet . a sniper had been slow on the draw not seeing my lit match till it had practically burnt out before taking a shot at me across no man s land . the bullet struck the side of my helmet the impact knocking me back down into the mud and leaving me unconscious . the had found the box of on me the burnt match they together what had they were all german have a reputation for shooting at us before the match is even half way burnt . i cracked an uneasy smile as they and . i not mention what i had seen in the before i was out for i knew none of them would believe me and even if they did how i could i condemn them to live in fear of that terror . i had to tell someone of that night and i am sorry that person to be you . i would have rather told you of this over a beer back home . but i am doubtful i will leave this place since that night i have felt a presence with me here in the trench . i have had time away from night watch to recover from my head injury . yet tonight i am to return . i have no choice but to look out over no man s land to sit and wait for that thing to come back . however i will not go gently into that good night dear this time i will prepare and meet the beast with a grenade and my rifle . i fear this may be my first and last letter to you dear brother i hope you can forgive my lack of communication i must admit i was to tell you my in person when i returned home . you have been a brother to me and a loyal friend . send my love to mother and the family i do not have the strength to say to them myself . . don t know what my great uncle saw in the trench that night but i know why my grandfather never spoke of it to us . my original sleep schedule went from going to bed at am to going to bed at am and myself for being on my phone for so late into the night . a month ago . i had done last minute for bed quickly brushing my teeth giving my cat a midnight snack so she t sit outside my bedroom door yelling and slid into bed . under the cool i closed my and slowly breathing in and out . an hour by and i could feel myself getting sleepy . that s when i aware of the sound of . slow . from where my room was you could hear the garage opening people talking in the dining room and hell even someone walking up the from the basement . it s probably because the are thin so you can hear a lot of outside of the bedroom . thinking to myself it must be i out rather ! stop ! whenever the spoiled princess food or attention she d jump on the counter and walk around occasionally knocking stuff off the counter . the i made me think it was her walking on the counter looking for coffee to murder . however i t want to get out of the comfortable position i was in so i just out her name to make her realize i t going to play with her . the stopped for that night . the next night when i those i thought it was or dad getting up to use the bathroom . they both slept downstairs in the basement and they had a bathroom down there . however it t until the stopped and i t hear the toilet flush i that normally i can t hear anyone walking . usually i can only hear when someone is on the . but i was exhausted or maybe in denial so my were or dad must be walking around with heavy . when i got around to leaving my bed i dad . out bread and butter i set about to making breakfast . casually i turned to dad . were you or up and about last night ? around am or something ? i what i last night . although i suppose you could say early in the morning . i got up to use the bathroom dad said but that was around am . as for no . she was in bed all night . why do you ask ? i . the up around am . i remember looking at the clock right before i closed my . oh i thought i someone walking around last night . it might have been on the counter . again . i dad a grin trying to convince myself that it was my imagination running wild . but that t stop the tiny sliver of paranoia that was making its way into my brain . going through the of the day made me temporarily forget about the strange . unfortunately that was temporary . that night i closed my thinking about what i was going to do tomorrow . a few and i drifting off to sleep . that s when the up again and their never relenting . my snapped . my brain shook itself out of the of sleep and the blood had drained from my face my heartbeat and i could feel sweat forming on my skin . night after night i to those slow and precise in its walking . i tried making myself get up to sneak out of my room and see who was causing the . but the paranoid voice in my head would hiss are you trying to get yourself ? that thought the idea that i could die made my courage flee . all i could do was lay there staring blankly at the ceiling until i would finally drift into dreamland . but even then in my i could hear the slow . i knew there was no way the house was . my are the first people to live in the house and it s not like anybody on our property . or maybe someone did and we don t know about it ? or maybe it s a squatter who s living in the attic . this was my thought despite knowing the attic was uninhabitable and if there was someone did live in the attic i would be hearing the attic door open . i to tell and dad about what i was hearing . but i was afraid they would think i was crazy that i was mentally ill that they would throw me in the hospital or something . that s when i turned to the . at first i got several on possible on what i could be hearing but i quickly those were made up far from reality . unfortunately i t find anything else . for the second time in my life the had me . you d think that the as big as it is would provide some sort of information . three nights ago i got on a call with one of my . that s her name me with a big smile . hey girl was her opening line but her big smile quickly slid off her face and i could see she was at the under my . hole y what s wrong with you ? something i . out of my friend group was the most open minded to strange . she never when people seeing . when hearing on possible alien she d lean forwards wide open taking in every single detail . however it felt strangely embarrassing to be on the end of her attention . taking a deep breath to steel my i carried on . something scary been happening in the house at night . i been going to sleep around am or am and let out a shriek . you re going to bed that late ? ! that s the part of this story ! er sorry . carry on . fighting back the urge to roll my i continued the story . when i was done talking back against her pillow . pale together i could see the in her head turning . those came to a stop unfortunately and shook her head . i have no idea what could possibly be going on in your house . but my older sister may be able to help you . she in well ah struggling to best describe what her sister does . finally she strange stuff i suppose . she as business . know it all . usually she would only research stuff with the promise of money but she me a few i can hook you up for free . what say you ? if it can help me i . the very next day s older sister me . hey so you re huh ? me you re going through something and i quote something super scary . than her terrible sleep schedule end quote . i want you to tell me when you hearing the . as i into my story i could hear away at her computer . unfortunately after two t find anything . god she said sounding just as tired as i felt i feel so bad i t help you she heavily i keep looking but i the only one who can really figure out is you as if hearing my hurried on . don t worry if the owner of the is malicious you would have known the moment you out on that first night . of course the owner might be a bit upset if you disturb it but it won t hurt you physically . good luck and call me if you figure it out i d like to know what the cause is . let me tell you it was hard to gather up the determination of getting out of bed to investigate . to give myself the courage to learn the truth . i settled into bed at am . i t bother my and trying to relax . my beating heart to calm down and the paranoid voice was once again speaking in my mind . this time it was telling me that i for sure was going to die . it was also saying that i should have written a will before going out to investigate . right as i was about to chicken out and close my the . slipping out of my room i my breath as i cautiously down the hallway praying i t step on a loose board and make it groan . the were coming from the kitchen . yet when i into the dark kitchen there was nothing no one was there . the had stopped . out a sigh of relief i swung around and came face to face with a tall man . right as i my mouth to scream he it its cold hand over my mouth . scream and i kill you he his voice cold and unforgiving . pure black sharp teeth and pointed he was like a demon from hell . at first he human but if you long enough you could see the on his face that were not human . do you understand girlie ? i almost on the smell of rot filling my nose . the man his grin me no comfort and he his hand . good good . i been here before your in and i feel attached to them i would feel terrible for your if i had to kill you . w what ? i . what who are you ? the man to his full height . i m by no a guardian angel but my duty is to guard the house and its . when building and i mean real they my kind to move in with us . we have a place to call home and they have a protector watching over the house ready to kill and protect the house from damage . of course here he the sound grating against my these days don t know we exist . well most . my kind usually are invisible unless we want to be seen . s so you you me to see you ? i my fear away into curiosity . yes . after all you me around . i figured it was about time to introduce myself to you the man took several back into the dark hallway . all i could see was his silhouette . this time of day or night whatever you call it is when i can relax . i politely ask that you stop awake so late into the night . keep on up this late you and i will have some . . when i went to call later as i i would i my phone was dead . when i tried calling her on the landline all i was static . guess that s one thing she never learn about . i ' posted before and to get a better understanding of the situation you might want to read here part it ' s been a little over a month since i ' made my initial discovery . . the video on my phone been saved on an server somewhere because i simply ' t stomach accidentally seeing the thumbnail or forbid open it . since then i ' my cleaning decontamination regime all over the house with extra focus on the kitchen and . also i have to forgetting about the shower the bath tub is the only thing this . . man . . to not use . the dark humor in me to think that would turn into a bowl of stew if he were to ever submerge himself in warm water . the reality in me the idea . i am ashamed of every leprosy joke i ' ever at or told . it ' s only funny when it ' t apply to you . . anyway . to my gratitude horror i am unfortunately no longer the only one who is aware of his current state . you see today my future father in law was under the impression that our gardener is stealing from us . he ' s convinced himself that the change the gardener gave me was a little short and into such a fit of rage that he was quite literally spewing . at first i hoped neither the gardener nor my beloved house help would notice . i hoped they were out of range of the loud and obnoxious spittle and at first glance phlegm so they ' t risk infection . fortunately nothing landed on them . what did land though were a dozen or so little white on the ground as well as his chin . nonetheless i as silent as possible with a finger on my while making eye contact with them . i knew he would stomp back to his room afterward which would give me a chance to speak with them alone . now . as stated in my previous post i ' m not able to speak fluently and rely heavily on translator . but my house help is an intelligent and warm lady thus she is able to quickly grasp what i ' m trying to say and then relay it to whomever needs to hear it . bless her heart i would be considerably lost here without her . i them to move a bit back before covering those little rice with heavy duty bug killer . then i in my broken instructed them to tell no one what . i told them to steer clear of him and that he had unfairly my gardener . my house help who we ' call frantically me how long i ' known " tu ? ? tempo sabe ? ? ? " . . . i fear i might need to employ new staff as this is a big house and i cannot manage by myself . but the go than that . . ' s hearing is failing him at an alarming rate . his mind is also leaving him faster than any of us can keep up . the television in his on maximum volume all the time . one needs to repeat oneself at least three times at force and all this when we a dietary regime due to his now permanent heart . just between you and me i am convinced his heart is up because those nasty little got to it at some point . i also think that his hearing and temperament is degrading because those same ' t happy with the less fatty he is forced to eat and have had a go at his and brain . though it turns out that the gardener was indeed short me by a laughable amount . literally only enough to buy a loaf of locally produced bread there was no need to have been as angry as was . he only stopped once the raging had him in a fit of and . it absolutely no sense for something so small to have him so . that ' s when i down remember when i a few of those of rice out of his facial orifice ? i ' m sure that this was what made so fearful . . there are some urban that are for whatever reason global . one of these is that a corpse can cast no shadow . as true as i am drinking a monster energy drink this very moment had no shadow to speak of . no shadow ! we were in the sun and away from the house i know he was meant to have a shadow because we were four people but only three cast dark . ' s was not among them . how is it possible that i ' spent so much time with this man in the sun out of the house at social . . . and not this ? are we as so used to seeing people with little black at their their every movement that we ' simply stopped actively looking ? do we just assume that everyone a shadow ? how is this a thing ? at any rate just thought i ' d share my latest discovery but it ' s left me as puzzled as i am if is indeed a walking corpse . . how is he so animated ? how does he operate day to day ? i need to do some research in to why don ' t cast because i ' m . even a dead body physical mass and therefore surely a shadow ? any advice welcome and i if this may not be as worrisome to you as it is to me but i ' be posting again in about a month or so . till then keep safe . it was the perfect house . built in the craftsman style it was a beautiful amalgamation of wood stone and brick . its solid were with broad that the early morning sunlight . it had a pillared porch made of old and wood that stood a lawn so well it a green carpet . a gravel driveway led up to a garage that was set up next to the house . the were spacious waiting to be filled with and . it like the ideal place to raise a family in . if only we had better . we had our first encounter with the home association on the very day that we in . the sun beamed fire down upon us as we our from the truck i had rented into the house . my wife and daughter were inside through the which to open first while i was out on the driveway taking a short break from the tiring work to admire the gigantic oak tree that stood in the corner of the property with one of its thick snaking up to a window upstairs . i ' t even notice when she snuck up on me . " it ' s a beautiful house ' t it ? " i . " sorry . ' t mean to scare you ! " i turned around and squinted my hand up to my forehead to protect my from the fiery sun . it was a woman . early to mid s short blonde hair in a wavy bob cut . she was dressed professionally in a pencil skirt suit and had a leather binder in her hand . with a smile she extended her hand . i shook it . " hi . i ' m . i ' m the president of the home association here . " " hello . " i her . " i ' m . abbas . i guess we ' re your . " her smile grew . " to be that way although i ' m not your immediate . i live down the street . " she . " glad to have you in our community . i hope you and your family come to love this place as much as we do . " " i sure hope so . " i . " never thought we ' d make it to a gated community . " " oh it ' s absolutely perfect ! " she . " there ' s a great school just within walking distance . the its own child care and we even have a common swimming pool and a tennis court just around the corner . " " i read about it when i the for the house . " i admitted . " it truly does sound like a dream . " " like i said it ' s perfect . " she . " i ' t change it for the world . " i her a warm smile . " but probably the best thing about living here are the people . " she added . " we truly have a sense of community here you know ? we all look out for each other . if anyone needs anything the rest of us are always willing to help . " i . " yeah " she . " is everything ? " " yeah . no no . " i said hastily . " everything is fine . " i ' t want to tell her about our next door who ' t really seem all that happy to see us . he sat in his cane chair next to the big flag proudly fluttering from a pole mounted on the deck with a permanent scowl on his face as we our luggage into the house . " oh you don ' t mean do you ? " she slightly . " please don ' t mind him . is harmless . he ' s just been a little down ever since he lost his son . . . he there you know . in . " she forward and added that last part in a whisper . " we ' re from . " i . " right right . " she . " as i was saying . he ' s a lovely person . just give him a chance . i ' m sure he ' come around . " i . " sure . so if there ' s anything else . ? i really do have a lot of work to get done today . " " oh yeah before you go . . . " i at her as she with the clasp of her binder before out a crisp white paper . " here . " she handed it to me . " this document all the that the of the are supposed to follow . standard stuff about lawn maintenance house upkeep and trash collection . " my quickly the document . " sure . " " please read it carefully . " " i will . " " no . please . do read it carefully . " i at her in confusion . " like i said . i will . " her hand shot up like a viper and she my wrist . i at the vice like grip she had on me . the smile was gone from her face by a disturbing mix of fear and impatience . " i must repeat myself again . abbas . it is imperative that you read the very carefully . " she was breathing heavily and had a manic look on her face . " there were other who to follow the or were just too lazy to keep up . some of them had to eventually sell their and move on and they were the lucky . " i freed my hand and my fist repeatedly . " are you threatening me right now miss ? " her . " what ? no . please try and understand . everyone in this community to follow the . me . you . no . bad start to happen to us if we don ' t . that are entirely out of our control . " she her head and subtly pointed at ' s house . was she trying to suggest . no . can ' t be . " i ' say it once again . please take this seriously . there ' s absolutely nothing strange about the themselves but the of not following them can be painfully out of the norm . because like i said this place is perfect but that sort of perfection always comes with a cost . " i was getting very out by the conversation so just as seriously as i could . " we will take this with all the seriousness that it . i promise . " a smile crossed her face again . it was jarring just how quickly she switched . " welcome to ridge . " i decided not to tell my wife about the strange talk i had with the president of the at least not while our daughter was around . we could talk about nutty ' s strange behaviour and later in the evening when had gone to bed i reasoned . as i into the house i saw my wife and daughter sitting on the floor and laughing as they away . i could feel welling up in my as i saw how happy and relaxed they . we had seen so much been through so much and to finally be safe and comfortable like this was more than what we could have once about . all and faded from my mind . i was just relieved we were all together . " baba ! " when she saw me her almost slipping off her head . i the document ananda had given me on an unopened box and went and my family . we spent the whole day trying to make the house livable . we tackled the first and after chose the room upstairs near the oak tree i her bed and then onto our own room down the hall . by the time the sun to go down we had set up the two and gotten through most of the work in the kitchen area . we ordered pizza for dinner and after we ate it we a game of before retiring to our . there was a lot to be done the next day not just the but i had to get in touch with my boss and we had to look at high for . i was so preoccupied with everything that my encounter with the president in the morning completely slipped my mind and i ' t tell my wife about it . i would come to regret that . a lot . i was a fitful sleep at the edge of wakefulness when a terrible screech through the silence of the night . i sat up straight my heart racing as another screech and then another by faint sobbing . i took a deep breath to calm myself down . my wife . i put a hand on her shoulder . " don ' t worry . i got this . it ' s my turn . " she and mushed her head against the pillow . i and rolled out of the bed put on my and out of the room towards ' s . i on the light switch and saw my daughter sitting up on bed her drawn close to her chest shivering and whimpering with a blanket wrapped around her like a cocoon . " hey . " i said gently as i over and sat at the foot of her bed . " it ' s . you ' re safe . " she harder streaming down her . " it ' s . " i repeated . " you ' re safe . nothing is going to harm you ? " her body got with again . " . " i said . " i need you to breathe . can you do that for me ? " she . " breathe in . " she . " now hold . . . . . now breathe out . " we went through her usual i her to breathe deeply had her dig her into the bed and then her to think about the time we had gone out to eat ice cream in back when her brother was still with us . she to calm down . i what triggered the attack this time . maybe it ' s the stress of moving into a new home ? i ' t have to wonder for long because she told me soon after i her . and it made my blood run cold . " there was someone at the window baba . " i froze . " i swear . i ' m not lying . " she cried . " there really was someone there . " i out of the bed and to the window . there was nothing out there . only the leaves of the oak tree gently scraping against the glass . i spotted the branch of the tree . it was thick enough to support the weight of a person . " i ' t see what he like . he just like a shadow . but i knew he was there . he was tapping against the window . and ' t stop until i . " fear into me like a hurricane . could she be telling the truth ? why would she lie ? she no reason to and she never lied about something like this ever before . my mind leapt back to the conversation i ' d had in the morning with . could this have something to do with what she was telling me about ? no . that ' s not possible . " baba . you believe me right ? " " yes . i believe you . of course i do . " she put her trembling hand up and pointed at the door behind me . " because i think there was someone downstairs as well . " i at her in silence half a hand to slither out of the darkness and wrap itself around my neck like a boa constrictor . of sweat down my brow . " i but i ' t really sure but then i saw that shadow at the window " " go to your mother . " i said fiercely . " lock the door behind you and call . " i until she hurried over to her mother watched as the door shut behind her with a soft click and then prepared to move downstairs . my thumb hit the switch on the wall to my right and the staircase was instantly in a dull orange glow . but beyond that there was utter darkness . from where i was it like a living thing shifting and ready to swallow anything that touched its infernal blackness . i took a step down and as the . i swore under my breath and hoped that the intruder ' t me . i blinked as sweat down my jaw and whether i was doing the right thing . should i go downstairs and check ? what if i get ? i shook my head . ' t it my job to protect my family ? i down the the painful and of the and rushed over to where i thought the light switch was around for a couple of extremely tense before feeling relieved when my found it . my index finger slick with sweat the switch down . the living room was blasted with light . i my surroundings . the were locked . i was alone . my daughter to have it all . or at least that ' s what i thought until my and i the floor . in the middle of the living room on the floor someone had used mud to scrawl the word welcome . the writing was sprawling the space of a small coffee table . there were muddy boot that went back and forth from the word probably made by the person who made this little sign . i tracked them and my heart sank when i saw where they led to . i thought they ' d lead to the front or the back door . no . they led me to the locked door of the basement . part mi need to post this somewhere . i really need to post this to warn someone anyone . for you to fully understand the scope of the danger i have to start from the beginning . my car was down the side of a forest road . damn i can ' t even remember what i was doing on that road . i feel like i ' m losing my mind out here . i remember the sky was dark and speckled the sky like tiny down at me as if i were an ant . at this point i had been driving for . my were beginning to grow heavy but i ' t want to stop driving to wherever i was going . it must have been important but i can ' t remember why . i personally hope it was a restaurant right now . i ' m so hungry . i must look disgusting . i fought off the tiredness and continued to drive onward . after a few long my phone to ring . i felt no trouble looking away from the road for a few . i ' t seen any for now . nothing but this long road that somehow familiar to me . i think i must have that road or something because i remember it felt familiar . when i the phone it was a woman ' s voice who . again i don ' t know who it was but i know for sure it was someone important to me . she was where i was and what was taking me so long to . . . to do something . she slightly with me for some reason . again i wish i could remember why but my entire life to be slipping from me like sand through . it ' s . we spoke for a long time . i can only assume she could sense the tiredness is my voice or the way i was speaking because she told me i ' t drive for so long at night . " you should pull over . " she said . " it ' s better to just pull over and take a nap and miss my than to fall asleep on the road and crash into a tree or something . " there ' s a blank in my memory where she told me what i would miss . no matter what i do that one word to be blocked from me . even now it like the rest of the memory is being from me . damn i need to type this quick even my phone battery is dying . i told her that i would i was fine and would be even though i ' t . the thing i was supposed to attend was very important to me and still is . i need to get there and there is no way ill be napping on the side of a road to miss it . now i wish i had taken her advice . " are you sure you ' be ? " she . her voice was old and brittle yet kind as she spoke . " i don ' t want you hurting yourself for little " me dear . " " yes i ' be fine alright ? i ' t miss it for the world . " " oh alright just be here be before night tomorrow i always worry when you take so long to get out here . you really should just take a plane or something instead of driving so far . " " . trust me . i ' be alright ? " i remember her sighing deeply away from the phone . " alright . . . just . . . stay safe . i love you . " that was the last thing i would ever hear from her . no phone came as i continued down the road . i think it was another hour entirely before it . the road to get foggy . not so foggy that i ' t see but even still it immediately struck me as odd . i felt a creeping sensation all over my body . like the feeling you get when someone is staring at you except its coming from all . i felt like i had a spotlight on me despite the darkness of the deep night sky . i continued to drive down the road . i remember feeling brave . i won ' t let a little fog block my way . i thought . i can ' t help but wonder what gave me that braveness . was i born with it ? did someone give me the motivation to have such bravery ? hell i can ' t even remember my last name . what was it . . . ? no . . . that ' s someone else . . . it ' s something . ? ? ? damn . sorry writing it out like this me feel better . like i ' m not crazy and that i am in reality right now . as i was driving into the fog something fell in front of me . straight from out of the sky a puppet of some kind . i ' t stop my in time and ran right into it with a sound . it like violently rattling against each other as it across my windshield and over my car . panicked i on the and went out to see what it was . partly because i to know if i hit someone and partly because i to know if my car had been . i don ' t know what kind of car i had or even what it like but i know i really it . i went behind my car to see what it was . maybe a branch or something . i thought trying to rationalize my panicked . at that point all i could worry about was whether or not i hit someone but as i behind my car . nothing was there . no human no puppet or even a branch . i went to the front of the car to see if there was some clue as to what . to my surprise there was . scratch covered the hood of my car and you could see them lead up to my window and then up and above my car . the feeling of watching me so prominent in my mind that i ' t help but look around . the forest on either side of me than before . and malicious . " h hello ? " i out into the forest . my voice weak and timid as it left me as if it were resisting to be . nothing back to me . nothing at all . not the sound of or the of in the . not even the sound of singing . nothing . panic slowly to grip my heart as i out into the forest . i spun around and basically ran to the side of my car and hopped inside . i ' t know what i was of at the time but i was . i locked all the and turned off my in the of from whatever might be out there . as i to restart the car i that i ' t . i my and inside the glove compartment and on top of the dashboard but nothing . i knew i left the in the ignition so how did i lose them ? suddenly i a jingling sound . the sound of my . except the sound came from outside of my car . slowly i up to see something that like it came out of a child ' s nightmare . a bony creature stood just in front of my car . its head the skull of a dog or wolf with the rest of its body being made of human . no . . . the were that of skeleton bird ' s . the arms had three long giving it two instead of one . it had three long bony on the of its arms . my blood ran cold as i slowly it ' t standing at all . it hung limply by that up into the foggy sky . its string hung from a tree tied in a ball of mess in the . it ' s that ' t touching the ground i blood as if it were through blood up to its . the that made its body were tied together by and its arms were being hung uncomfortably above its head by . it hung there . staring at me as if it to tell me something . giving a futile last look around my car i that i ' t going to be going anywhere soon . someone took me from my closed car door without me hearing them . i ' t know who or what was doing this to me but i to believe that it was just a joke . something rational . yet somewhere in my heart of hearts i knew that i was in danger . an instinct i can only describe as primal fear me in place as i back at it in horror . i don ' t know how long it went on for but eventually i went outside of my car to confront it . as i did i broke eye contact for nothing but a few but in that time i the rustling of leaves breaking then the sound of being hit against each other . i up again and saw nothing . no blood where it hung no or broken . nothing . i knew something was watching me . even now as i hide i can feel it . i can feel that it where i am . i around my car to see if i could find my but to no avail . when i turned around to get into my car there it was . two from my face it hung . i could feel its empty staring into mine . a string above it bean to move and it slowly shook its head . it was so subtle i would have blamed the wind had there been any to break the deadly silence . i let out a scream and ran . i ran into the forest and ' t stop running . i could hear all around me from every direction as i ran and into it . this is no puppet . not a thing . it was a creature . who what it was or how something made of could do the it was doing but i knew i had to run . the fog and until i could no longer see two in front of me . i ran until i over something . i remember tumbling around and around until some hit my head with the force of what like a truck at the time . then everything went dark . i don ' t know how long it took for me to wake up but when i did i ' t see anything . at first i thought i went blind but i could still see myself . my my body . this is where i still am . in the thicket of a thorny bush . right above me the stringed creature . every now and then i can hear it being around on its as it for me . i ' been this out on this . . . thing i have in my hand . i can ' t even remember what its . i ' m slowly losing myself . my mind is into nothing . this thing i have in my hand is now . i think that it ' s going to die soon but i don ' t think it ' s alive so i don ' t know . my stomach so bad . god i would kill for food right now . to sleep at all . i don ' t remember how to access the place for me to call people . i ' m trying to remember people but there ' s nothing there . in my head . i don ' t remember what people look like or the sound of their . i have to send this out . as a warning to you people . if i survive this i might update but i can ' t be sure . i don ' t want to admit it but i think i might die . i ' sitting in a bush soaked in my own piss and sweat . god i hope that thing can ' t smell . all i know is that i have to post this before i forget how . i think it ' s the fog that ' s doing it to me . please be safe out on the road people . please . if you see the stringed creature . . . the stringed boy . . . it might already be too late to . don is the name . i got a message from a girl for my help . so far i don t have any evidence any just her story . i have dealt with for a long time and let me tell you some are just . however some are more are true those are usually the you wish t true but they are even though you can ' t make any sense of them . i m to let this go just be done with it just a poor girl out of her mind . if any of you know about this stuff or have seen an odd version with the same name as the film this atrocious animation massacre please let me know . so here s the girl s story . dear . i don ' t know if you remember me but we met back in when i was an pair for your friend . you came by once all drunk and broke the mirror in her bathroom . we ' t really talk as was fast to kick you out but she told me you were into all weird . . . stuff and that you had been with the police some ago . i ' m writing you because nobody will believe me what . we watched this movie but it was not like we . i live in . i live there with my belle . my is gone and i don ' t know what to do . nobody will believe me they just say she town but i don ' t i can ' t accept that . please help me . please . hey i got your message . i don ' t really know what i should tell you ? your text is hardly understandable . i know some on the near your location might be of help . if you can pull yourself together a bit and tell me what they could maybe try to help you . best of luck and stay strong . don . dear . thanks for your reply i guess . i wrote it up better . please help or your help . please . it was already getting dark outside it was winter . " that ' s up ! " i at my belle . the trailer for had just on . i bet you horror hungry have seen it too . we endlessly at the bad uncanny and ' s . " want to go see it ? " belle me . " are you serious ? " i back . she . sure why not ? have a good laugh at this mess for a quick buck . well it ' t what i usually watched but why not ? the movie was to be on th . we to go as soon as possible . days and i forgot about the whole thing . then belle sent me a link . it was from a small cinema that only those oh so deep and thoughtful like " " or " orient express " . no marvel to be found there . i knew the place next to the train station just over the bridge and you ' re there . the link in big red " fabulous ex extra screening the new ! " . perfect ! belle and i agreed this would be super funny though i why i ' t find anything else about some early special showing . i that the owner must have gotten their hand on some version and was probably desperate for money . nobody i knew ever went there . so on th i got into the train around . i forward to spend time with my girl we would have a fun night for sure . people were commuting home from work and i up early most of us staring in our maybe we just don t see the true of life ? this was going to be hilarious i thought to myself as i watched the trailer again . how had anyone thought to make such a mess of a movie ? i mean seriously ? as a cat ? i got off the train few people around me . the sun was already down but like the last few there was no snow just freezing wind blowing in my face . i downhill to the bridge over the street and there it was already the most old cinema ever . i had been here once as a child i think but never had i thought to go there again . most people had forgotten about the place already . i remember how i to myself how it was even possible that it was still open at all ? belle stood at the entrance uncomfortably chatting with some . i got closer and i he was no at all but a homeless guy maniacally rambling the most insane shouting at her getting closer and closer following every time she made a step backwards . i ran up to them but he ' t look at me once just kept talking . from far off i ' t hear what he said but now i did and i hear his still in my head an warning of as i know now . " and there you are there you are ! come come ! come on puss puss ! " he at us throwing yellow spittle all around the grey building . i was as hell and just belle by her arm through the entrance into the cinema . " the the ! " i him screech through the glass door . there was a middle aged couple inside the small ragged lounge all dirty and red the couple and they at us as numb and non understanding as i and belle were . " are you ? " the man . " i already told them to call the police . " he shook his head in disbelief . belle and i took a little while to calm down just standing there he t come in after us . " relax ! he ' s mostly harmless " said a woman from behind the counter her voice terrible utterly inhuman like on blackboard . she t even look at us just did her filing them blowing away the material filing on . there was a popcorn machine on the counter but it ' t even turned on . the whole place was dirty and filthy something like vomit was in front of the corner and the sound system some elevator jazz jingle was me as it just . . . off like somebody had a recording and distorted the sound . i went up to the woman who kept on smiling doing her . " he ' t seem harmless ! " i at her as belle put an arm on me trying to soothe me . " just relax ! " she . her voice . . . i just it was so terrible . she at me her hair a big black curly mass on top of her head . she t even wear work clothing but some short leopard skirt and a tasteless blue blouse . " you want some ? " she firmly on her the nail file from her hand like a horn . i stepped backwards left it to belle to talk with her . i was so angry . the couple just in disbelief whispering that i was right at least that was something . belle told the woman we were here for the special screening and the woman said again with the high glass shattering voice " oh ! ! that ' s great that ' s the only one we play . come on step in ! " she down to the right to the apparently only of the whole place . this movie better be funny else i would call the police on them . she ' t ask for any money or gave us so we just got in the couple right behind us . the disheveled man outside was now sitting on the street staring at us licking his hand and slapping himself with it . we got inside the cinema hall and the canvas was still all white all clean and pure . there was nobody us in of course there were only about six of and we took our in the last one warming up a bit again giggling . i down a bit i knew i had to ease up belle was as grown a woman as i and could take care of herself . even though the thought of her getting hurt was the most painful image my brain could produce for me . " this is so up ! " said belle . the couple sitting the row before us turned around and then at each other . let s enjoy this train wreck ! the man . it was funny to see true old doing what we did . they happy and had fun together . maybe one day belle and i would still do the same ? maybe watch then already ? the went out then it . there was no logos no movie production company no . just a short starring but it was gone before i could read the name . this was certainly odd t there all of in it ? then the screen went total black . it took so long i think the man before us was about to get up to call someone in to fix it when something . it was just a man stepping into the black screen from the side of the frame . he wore a suit and had black hair and very . . . . " hello ladies and ! it is my pleasure to introduce you finally to my new version of ! " then he went off a bush of silver in his hair glittering about . what the hell was that ? belle rolling her in annoyance . it s art i said . then the movie finally hallelujah ! the first scene a dirty room apparently with a shaky video camera . the floor was all concrete and filled with filth and dried up . what they were i don t know might be blood i think now . there was a person in the room small and hidden in the corner the back turned towards the audience . the person in the corner over his head . this was definitely not what i had from . " well that ' s odd " said the woman before us . belle and i at each other she raised an eyebrow . " weird " i said and . head locked back onto the screen . the person on the screen to cry and to moan and tried to make itself even smaller grey and filthy it was like a rat from the cloaca . the face must have been directly on the wall . " why do you cry ? " a deep booming voice off the screen it shook me to the heart . the sound effects were really good ! " why ? ! " the voice again when the person just kept sobbing on about why then i t know . " i can ' t . . . please " said the person as it turned around . just for a split second it was barely visible hardly at all the face like it had been melted off down to the ivory bone but the cut was so fast it was hardly possible for me to tell . cut a young man with curled brown hair was sitting in a kitchen and read his newspaper like literally print and the dog to his who lovingly up at him . he put the cup on the table when all shaking . for a moment i really even considered it was an earthquake but a quick glance around made my mistake evident . how the plot was the effects were really good . the cup fell over and the little dog to whimper and to crouch at the man s . " no . . . no " the man whispered and put his over his head streaming down his face . is that the guy from the other room ? belle . where s ? i . " where is it ? " whispered the voice from before now directly into my ear . i up in my seat as i it and . belle and the couple at me . the man if i also it while our just at us . this was really creepy . just a creepy movie right ? " i don ' t like that " said belle and my hand . i put my arm around her and told her it was nothing just a movie just good effects . boy i was wrong . it had on the screen by then . the body of the voice . i ' t even make out what it was at first just a shadow of some thing . next cut the young man in the kitchen similar like in the first scene his dog in panic as the shadow got closer . next cut the shadow was a second man . he was all naked but something was wrong his skin peeled off at some while other were just bone . where some skin was left it was covered in filthy orange hair nearly as long as a woman ' s . his face ' t visible as he had an orange bag over his head . on the bag though was drawn in crude manner a cat ' s head smiling wide . " where is it ? " the voice raspy and metallic . belle in her seat her face in my . this t the we ! i whispered to her . like a up art film she said . next cut the man without skin was whistling and something him through the door . it was an armada of all hairless filling up the floor hissing like crazy . the man got on a chair sitting there calmly one leg over the other . with a long claw like finger he sliced the skin over his and brought forth an lighter . he produced a cigarette from under his before he burned a little hole in the bag where his mouth must have been surely burning his but if so he t make sound . afterwards he the cigarette the mass of hairless all over him and the now young man and the whimpering little dog crouching all of them turning the normal kitchen into a nightmare . then the man smoked and smoked on before he directly into the camera . it is my great pleasure to introduce you young three blossomed and the rustly old gent here to the finer of the outside universe he said . the couple up to us and then at each other . what the ! said belle . then the man continued the cat drawing on his staring mindlessly at us . by design of all this unshaped handmade matter it is nonsense to think it is without goal in its immaculate formation . it is by art and experience of the of the highest order a perfectly produced realization of an opinion rarely seen these days he said . my delight is cut short however if i may articulate the thought in a rudimentary form that entropy is seen as enemy when in all rightly ways its congress with such fine specimen as you it is by all and known to and men a perfect solution to the unquarreling mess you produced in the current inhibition of your he said . in all serendipity this might have produced for the offspring of your kind i will not allow it to flow so unrighteous on this good earth . may it be havoc or war or pestilence i can certainly assure my kind taken a keen interest in entropy into the right of this locus . thus finally i assure you need not worry over cosmic coincidence as very soon a fate of matter is you he said and out blue smoke before he continued . yes ladies and gentleman i said it s you . we all just in shock at another . what the hell was this movie ? i m going to get this fixed . i m not watching this ! said the man in the row before us getting up from his place when the movie cut again and finally the true we have been there to see . finally ! said belle clapping her . about time ! the man from the row before us and sat down on his place . for a half minute they us all the glory of the uncanny we had to see . probably the woman from the counter had us a trick or something . then it went downhill . next cut a woman tied down young men pouring gasoline over her . next cut ww fighting each other with and sticks . next cut a maggot corpse with sticks . next cut a man slicing his skin with a his face already a mess of flesh . next cut tentacled twisting and coiling in a dark pit . next cut close up of a fly crawling over what must have been . next cut an orange cat with a nearly human face smiling and staring . next cut a man in a white robe choking himself . next cut next cut next cut next cut i don t know what else there was but this went on so fast we t even have the time to say something to each other lest get out of this hellhole of a cinema . belle had hidden herself in my chest her hand tightly clinging onto mine . next cut again the man the drawn face of his cat bag staring at us . the camera out and the most . he was bowing over a woman doing something to her face blood and god what coming out of it as she shook under him all over even onto the of the camera though i t get a look on what she like . yes ladies and gentleman i said its you . " please let ' s go " said belle as she just to walk out the room not even waiting for me . i got up too this got way to freakish i to mock a bad movie not watch some version of " a film and straight after belle down the . i took a glimpse at the screen as we down towards the door the man had thrown himself on the whimpering man from before . he in agony as he was burned to a crisp simply by the touch . within a second he was just a smoking mass of pinkish mud . the skinless man got up and took the dog who in frantic fear . with a loud slurp he him whole his mouth a gaping maw with the tongue whirling about anaconda in red it stuck to the dog and rolled it up real tight and then it went all back into the mouth hidden in the orange bag as the head of the dog was still visible inside of the belly of the man . the muffled pure angst real . " already leaving ? " i the middle aged man ask from behind . i turned around and saw their . they from ear to ear but their their were gone ! just empty black staring at us . belle behind me and as i turned there was nothing . i threw myself at the door but she t behind it . simply gone . the entrance hall was now filled with people . there was a man in a butler costume now too behind the counter . he and the woman with the high voice at me my ear . there were two next to the door one of them stuffing herself with food and in the center of it all suddenly a piano . a man like a maniac on it . he wore though it was dark outside and he my every step as i ran through them . they all as i ran out ! outside the cinema i for belle but got no answer . i in panic around me and there he was the man ! i saw his face . it was so . . . familiar . he got down on all four of his like an animal he slowly towards me . i ran across the street all empty all dark . up to the train station . " where is it ? " i behind me but he was gone . at the train station there was an old man . i cried and and was a mad mess as he the police . nobody seen belle . they tell me the old cinema had closed ago . there was nothing about a missing couple on the news or about belle . where is she . where is it ? where is it ? i the message to my friend down in living not far from the border . he got back to me yesterday . hey don spooky stuff . i went up there but there ' s nothing . the place is closed and all up . what ' s really creepy though was them damn . must have taken up there . all over the place . honestly ' t dare to get in bad were too big . i at and they said place was abandoned t even know the name of the current owner . best stay away from that . . that ' s all i know for now . i know most of you love horror and that ' s all fine enough but stay away from dark are out there watching you waiting . yours truly don night i can hear it whispering through the . it ' s so quiet i sometimes convince myself i ' m it . sometimes . " ! wake up ! " i blink slowly listening to my yell from down the hall and burrow into the her voice . it took me forever to fall asleep the night before . in this house and not a single good nights sleep . i was going to lose my mind if i ' t already . under the i begin to think about last night . i it again . it around am with a sound like someone blowing out a candle . you could mistake it for the wind if it ' t come in short . this part is almost pleasant and it what next that much worse . . . the blowing turned into whistling . slow and mournful i it first from the left and then from the right . when i hear it from under my bed i know i ' m in for an especially rough night . thankfully last night ' t one of those . the song inside my head and it with icy water . if i sit and listen too long i start to lose time . it times before i what was going on . each time i woke up the next day by the front door with a horrible headache . i tried to put cotton in my to block the sound but it still in . the only thing that works is singing to myself . it took almost a week to find the perfect song . humming the low melody my skin tingle and vibrate pushing the whistling away . if i hum or sing non stop until am i can safely fall asleep . last night i ' t and so the whispering . " we . . . . . see . . . . you . . . " the into my left ear so low i pretended i ' t hear them . i should have humming right away but i was tired . " we . . . . see . . . . you . . . . " again from my left and the dark side of the room . i the over my head and my back against the wall . " we . . . . still . . . . see . . . . you . . . " this time i felt the reverberate through my back as they came from the darkness . i over quickly pressing my back hard into the mattress . praying it would swallow me up and become a soft panic room protecting me from whatever was whispering to me . i closed my took a deep breath and at the clock . am . i tired to calm my mind and hum . " just " i thought silently . " get . . . . up . . . . " a low voice whispered . " up . . . " another higher voice . despite my stilted humming i could feel the sink into my head like little warm . i to get up . why was i fighting it ? i back the . the whispering turned into giggling and then stopped all at once . it was am . i had made it . i out immediately . now lying in bed later listening to my make breakfast i know i ' got to do something . my and sister are sleeping fine . they say they haven ' t a thing . they love our new house but i ' m going to find out what ' s going on . i will be more as i make a plan and figure out some people have about meeting the love of their life . about wild with their or weird with random . whatever the case each dream is from our projecting for the future and needs for escape from our living . however in other our take us to unimaginable . of gore and horror darkness and sadness that leave us confused and sometimes deeply disturbed when waking up yet relieved that " it was only a dream " . in my case waking up from the display my mind decided to show me that night was the exact opposite of relief . xb ever since i was younger i always had the feeling that i was being watched . yes maybe my paranoia to that but this was different . no matter where i was the feeling was the same . solely on me with no intention just watching waiting wanting to be caught . throughout my childhood i ' dealt with that really you only see in dramatically by the need to grab emotion from the viewer . my were and i lived with my mother seeing my father only on the for short of time with a from hell . the typical plot . everything when my . she was a small heavy set with intelligence and charisma that i could only dream of . living with her was the best time of my life . she would sing and dance while making dinner spreading joy to anyone that could hear . her laugh so loud and mildly obnoxious but contagious . every day she would take my brother and i to school s pop music ear piercingly loud but not enough to distract from on driving . those were my best . later i learned that under all of this joy was a very dark persistent pain that she learned to mask in order to keep from . at night while the house was quiet she would take her and drink excessive of alcohol to numb herself eventually leading to the slow decline of her being . her mind faded her body . she to dissipate into a shell of the woman we all knew . yet she covered her so well nobody suspected a thing . xb we had dogs raven and . they were the absolute world to me . i wish i knew what to them . raven the of the bunch was a pit bull lab mix and she to squeeze herself under my ' s bed to hide her from the . my room being on the opposite wall from my ' s made it to where i would constantly hear her herself scratching at the floor forcing her way under . then once satisfied with today ' s pickings she would pull herself back out and make her way to my bed . it was an every night occurrence one of which i had no problem with . with her in my bed i felt safe and . night by night scratching and and to my bed . routine . laying with the on as white noise i to fall asleep . it stayed on all night to distract from my on the phone in the other room and the looming darkness of the night . always facing inward i lay still with the feeling of an unwelcome gaze upon my body . the nagging feeling . my would begin ringing every night as i tried to sleep . then it . the scratching . scraping . not on the floor like i was used to but on the wall . a slow methodical sound behind the . soft but loud enough for me to notice . i brushed it off as one of the other dogs going to steal the hidden . but my hearing was . it was in my room . forcing myself to ignore it i turned the up to drown it out and fell asleep . each night with raven at my side the scratching would start . the feeling and my hearing would amplify . and that ' s when the . each dream growing more gruesome and tragic always with very scenery and . i would wake up with vague but enough to remember the world my mind was . each day i would notice subtle with my and my dogs . my more distant disconnected seemingly unaware of her but still . my dogs more aggressive . yet the scratching . the continued . the feeling constant . i was getting ready for bed and could hear raven doing her normal and . she came running and i knew it was time to lay down . she as me to join her so she could cuddle up beside me so i gave in and got into bed . laying there with her head on my arm she up and across the room . the door i assumed my was coming but i ' t hear her . so i brushed it off and she laid back down but continued looking . the scratching i turned up the volume as usual and sat the remote on my bedside table for easy access . her never as i off into my dreamworld . i found myself in an office building i have never seen standing along side my brother . we were walking as people us by in the opposite direction . never making eye contact . we soon an elevator and . oddly normal i thought to myself . upon entering the elevator the closed behind us and my brother hit a button . we our ascent passing floor by floor for what like . when we finally stopped the . the room was full of people like a on a night . no space to be seen . my brother to leave the elevator but was trouble making his way into the crowd half inside half out . the to close . i hit the open button but they continued and i to panic . my brother seemingly unaware was almost completely out with the exception of one of this arms . i for him to get back in but it was too late . the closed his arm in its grasp . inside the elevator i in horror as he flexed and to free himself to no avail . his of pain and the feeling of dread me . i frantically the open button . but then the elevator to move . his arm still wedged slowly sliding upward . his scream bloodcurdling and urgent . blood as the elevator slowly . the inhuman . the blood and puddled . yet i ' t look away . i continued to press the open button but it was too late . his rang in my his blood covered my . the arm and limp reaching the top of the . it . the . inhuman and from above . i stand frozen in place trying to comprehend what i had just . my . i was in my room again but it was different . pitch black door closed off . i at the ceiling for a second and then over to grab my remote . it ' t there . then i saw him . it . the outline of someone or something standing in front of my staring directly at me . it had no hair no clothes from what i could make out . but its gaze was one of hatred . quickly i the blanket over my head a reflex any child would do as a form of protection . but i could feel his gaze . i could feel him growing slowly closer . his unimaginably large body creeping toward my bed . with the small bit of faith i had i quickly out to again try to grab my remote . i felt it and it under the blanket to safety . i turned the on the light would scare it away and i . the ringing in my stopped . i could hear the late night show ' s theme . shaking i slowly from under my blanket and the room . it was gone . my mother faded further and further from reality with brain damage her drastically . she a few later . i found out after her death that she was spending a lot of time learning about the occult and i still cannot comprehend . it me wonder if that thing was affecting her as well . if she was numbing herself in order to ignore the harsh reality of what she was seeing . it been since i have stepped inside of that house but i see it every day on my commute and every time i am of what i saw that night . the ringing in my again . the . the feeling is back . its worse than before . i would say it s nice to meet you all but i suppose that nice t applicable in my particular situation . i know you probably got a lot of so i just start with some background information . i live in the mother in law suite at my house in because money been especially tight for me lately . it at the back of the property behind the main house and the pool . i can t complain about the place it everything i need to get along and as long as my leave me alone i can live my life as i please . luckily they been giving me space since the big argument we had last week so i can drink as much beer as i want smoke as much dope as i want and eat whatever i please . now most what i eat i cook at home because i m very particular about where my food comes from but every once in a while when i m not in the mood to put on my chef s hat i order out . the only problem with out is a it s expensive and b the delivery guy almost always goes to the main house instead of going to the mother in law suite . it was a pain in the ass but as my stomach one evening after a long exhausting week i knew that the hassle was worth it . i for my phone in my pocket beer in hand ass in the old lounger in front of the . i put on horror master s green inferno as i the delivery to search for a new restaurant to try . i scrolled on my drink while the to the movie in the background . after a few of passing over i had already tried i came upon something i t seen listed before . handsome larry s meat palace i under my breath without meaning to speak aloud . like the title of a . i on the restaurant . i d been on building muscle at the gym lately so i had to make sure i a high protein diet anyway . through their menu a big juicy caught my eye . sure i t in the mood to cook but the cut came seasoned . all i had to do was let it sizzle on the stove for a little bit . easy enough so i went ahead and ordered it . after around an hour i checked the to see just where the hell the delivery person was . i on current and for the page to load . the t show that i had ordered anything so i closed it out and re it . still nothing . my stomach angrily . it t look like i was getting a refund either . i threw my phone down and got up to see what i had in the . it was surprisingly full i guess i t to order out after all but laziness had gotten the better of me . i resigned to eat . just as i was about to place my plate in the microwave the door bell rang and me . finally i . i over to the front door and it my head outside . there was a brown paper bag on my porch but no delivery person . not even a car in the driveway . now my driveway is quite long so i would be able to see any car leaving but there was no trace of one . not only that but it was only from when the doorbell rang to when i the door . nobody could have run away so quickly that i t have seen them . i into the darkness and darkness was all that back at me . i shook it off . maybe they had ridden a bicycle and not had any so that i t have seen them at the pitch black . i picked up my steak and brought it inside locking the door behind me . my gut was gurgling in anticipation by this point and i practically tore open the bag . there was an ice pack and another bag inside white and plastic this time . the shape of the cut lumpy not like a steak at all . regardless i was hungry and could have eaten just about anything so i continued tearing . then i to realize just what exactly the contents of the bag were . i and backward a yelp catching in my throat . it was a human hand . my mind to race . who sent this ? whose hand was this ? why was it sent to me ? slowly i the hand on the table if not just to confirm what i had seen . it was a hand alright . through the window i saw a light flick on in the main house . immediately ran down my spine . i knew for sure my were not in the house . my breath to tremble as my back and forth between the hand and the light . something was seriously wrong as if that t obvious enough already . i made my way back to the front door and it to lean outside once more . my the property but i saw nothing out of the ordinary . that was when i it . to my right i a stick break . then another . suddenly it like there was movement all around the outside of the house . i knew that i was no longer alone . frantically i myself back inside and the door behind me double and triple that it was locked . i ran around the inside of the house all of my blackout so i could feel safe that no one was watching me . i was starting to panic . i had no idea what to do . i t call the police . i t make it to the main house without being by whatever was out there . so i stood there petrified trapped in my own place with a hand on the table next to me as the outside to form into multiple of . i deeply and closed my then long and slow . this was it . the game was over . i knew karma would eventually find its way back to me to finish me off . my breathing and i felt a strange sense of total calm fall over me . i and for the hand on the table gently re wrapping it in the plastic from which it came . slowly i turned to my to open it . to scream outside . then i the mysterious hand on the refrigerator shelf next to both of my and half eaten and for the end . that s when you burst in . the end . i m still not sure where the hand came from it really t from any of mine . i m actually pretty that you all to catch me really i hand it to you . confession of the meat market murderer june mono yellow street illuminated the alleyway . my against broken glass from beer . it s been two since i ran away . that s two without being cursed at two without being beaten . . . but also two without anywhere to sleep . you d think i d be to have made it this far on a pittance of yet i t feel more . my plan had so much promise . i thought if i could just work up the confidence to leave the rest would be easy . i always had to be the one to take care of myself anyway . yet there was one thing i to consider nobody will hire a thirteen year old who and appalling . did i forget to mention it ' s also been two since i had a shower ? i to feel tiny hurling against the back of my neck . good . i could feel myself breaking down into . at least this way if it people walking by in the street won t stare at me . i myself for crying . i myself for feeling weak for being weak . t it be wonderful if there were a way to strip myself of these vexatious ? what are they good for anyway ? i to find a place to take shelter from the rain . i to sprint across a bridge and as i did i over the side and saw the empty street several below . now that s a way to make the pain go away . it would be so easy . nobody would miss me and i m going to die anyway . i d rather jump than starve to death . my heart beating faster and faster as i giving into the quick solution . i closer to the edge and blankly at the concrete beneath me . suddenly a car drove up and stopped right behind me . i whipped my head around to see a large white van . the tinted slowly rolled down to reveal two men smiling back at me . every parent their to beware in white even my who obviously t and dad of the year . however these men were nothing like the spooky i had in my head . they were both a little older than middle aged and wearing . what would a person who be doing in this part of town ? it t make sense . something was very off about them . they sincere while scanning me up and down . are you lost ? the driver out . n no i m fine i . do you need a ride ? the man in the passenger seat . at this point it was practically pouring down rain . i nothing more than to say yes but i t . where would i ask them to take me ? i had nowhere to go . no thanks i m . i finally . how old are you young man ? the driver . i was beginning to feel uncomfortable with how many they were me . what did they want ? i just turned thirteen about a month ago . i hesitantly . that when it hit me what if they work for some kind of or something ? i t want to be forced to go to an or some kind of foster care . i to panic . maybe that would be good for me ? i don t know i only ever bad . it s not like it could be worse than this . then i my home life and that idea immediately . no it could always be worse but if i take off running right now they probably won t be able to catch me . as escape were racing through my head the driver well would you like a job ? i stood frozen in shock . this is what i been waiting for . it all made sense now . these in fancy must be here to pick up people to work low salary i assume doing manual labor . i t care a job was a job . i just enough money to live on . a small smile spread across my face . my up again only this time with joy . i never been very religious but in this moment i knew there was someone up there looking out for me . what are the odds they would come right before i took my own life ? so what s the job ? i . the two men at each other . hop in and we tell you on the way . i did as they said and into the back seat . wait i abruptly where are you taking me ? surely i m not starting work this late it s eleven o clock . you see the driver said we re taking a survey a kind of experiment if you will . we will need to keep you overnight if that s alright . that is if it is alright with your the passenger added . yeah they be fine with it i assured him . are you sure ? the passenger . because if they are going to be worried sick looking for you it might be best if we let you out here . yeah right i out . trust me they re not going to care i . i doubt they to call the police at all after i ran away . the car took a sharp turn into the . the quick curve sent my body against the side of the van . i out the window at the inky black night where there were no no no people there were only . large do not enter were into the by the dirt road we traveled on . we flew right past them as if they were merely a suggestion . the van came to a screeching stop . we for the metal gate in front of us to part . i at the high fence surrounding the not yet visible building . the fence stood about ten high with barbed wire along the top . a caution high voltage sign clung to the side . it me of a prison yard . the van rolled forward revealing a small square building hidden by . it was remarkably small to how much security was around it . what was stranger was the enormous metal satellite on top of the roof . the satellite so big it was almost than the building itself . maybe it was only the rain but i felt like there was something eerie about the place . the driver the man in the passenger seat and i off at the entrance and took off back towards town . i out of the van to avoid getting soaked by the rain . despite my i was already and my were in mud . the man in a code to open the door . there were so many i t keep track if i tried . he led me down a long lit hallway . the building to resemble a hospital more than a prison . no more like a psychiatric ward . as we down a grimy i could hear muffled from multiple . the of torture made my shake i could barely walk . what is going on ? we at a cement room . after going down all those we had to be extremely far underground . lie down here the man ordered . he pointed to a chair in the corner . it like the kind of chair you sit in at the dentist except it had leather belt attached to the arm . i did as he said and sat in the chair i was too to do anything else . you t afraid of needles are you ? he . i shook my head no . he to stab a needle into my arm and extract my blood . i be back he vaguely stated . could that be all he ? a sample of my blood ? yeah that made sense . he t strap me into the chair so clearly he s not going to harm me . they re just going to keep me overnight and release me in the morning after the blood come back . i was wrong . the man returned a few fear ridden later with the same unsettling grin on his face . he rolled in a dusty box . your are even better than i could have hoped for he beamed . your genetics are perfect for our little project . what project ? what is going on ? i to know . he his and haven t you the number of in your town going missing lately ? no i our town is notoriously overrun with and . it s so shady go missing all the time . the police have practically given up trying to stop the chaos at all because they re too . exactly the mysterious man . like you could disappear and nobody would miss you at all . you re nothing but a delinquent to become another thug in your trashy town . i haven t even done anything ! i at him . why are you telling me all this ? the man was taken back by my outburst . yes he you haven t done anything but i m going to help you achieve great . you got so much potential . you re going to help save the world . my jaw . first he me i m trash now he i m going to be a savior ? you want to know why you re here ? why were you picked to be one of our ? it s not because you ' re special it s because we re going to fix you . we can make you better . it s true who you are now is completely valueless . you belong to such an inconsequential part of society if you fell off the face of the earth it t matter . yet it s not too late because you re young therefore your mind is still impressionable . with that said he plugged in the and play . i m not sure what i was him to have made me watch but it was utterly impossible for me to predict what was about to flash before my tear filled . it was what can only be as the most horrific and audio in existence . a trip to hell would have been more pleasant than the tape . it was of my age being horrifically tortured . i gruesome to the stomach with heavy metal by up blood . i saw submerged in of murky water so long their turned purple . unidentifiable being forcefully down terror stricken tween s . worst of all were the brutal . after about twenty of the most demonic torment conceivable it finally came to an end . the man at me phlegmatically . it t have been surprising considering he s part of the satanic abuse . he went on unaffected explaining the tape by saying experience far greater fear than the average adult . fear and anxiety are the ways to fracture the human mind . that s the key you have to break to make . we can t make you strong until we destroy you first . through disassociation you will never again feel pain . you will be to all the you saw in that video . the who our now have perfect moldable and you will too . after the experimentation is over you won t be human at all . you will have no emotion or feeling whatsoever . this way all our will feel neutral . with nothing to lose and nothing to hold you back you be invincible . i a break from my psychotic family if only for the summer and so i decided to go as far upstate as i could till i new york city . thankfully i had a friend i could stay with and they even get me hooked up with a job where they work at some carnival that up in the . not my first choice but hey i could spend time with a friend watch on my phone and pretty much get doing nothing . at least that ' s what i thought would happen . apparently this friend of mine had already be into the side of our world and as soon as the first night on the job came up i found out that there ' s really no the little all over our world . once you see it you really just can ' t escape it . our first night of my friend driving us to our destination . for the sake of the story we ' call her red since she ' s a red head . basic i know . red and i went way back and even went to school together . we a lot of the same geek and like or the gaming club and thankfully kept in touch . she said she ' d always to go to the big city and make a name for herself i guess she ' t expect it to be in this line of work . as we all the beautiful that is the night life i ' t help but feel a sense of dread . i ' d always seen red smiling laughing or generally just being a but tonight she serious . she straight to the point with only the occasional joke here and there to stir the pot . we made our way down all these streets until finally she spotted a parking garage and pull in . we found a spot though she ' t seem to pay anyone for it which was strange . maybe it ' t something that here ? i ' d never really driven a lot myself so i have no idea . we the cheap gray red had prepared for both of us i still have no idea how she got my but hey shopping for men always been easy . we made our way across the street and down an alleyway stopping by a homeless man that something . red " ben we ' re on duty tonight just open the door and make sure nothing slithers up . " the homeless man and i knew it was going to be an interesting night . instead of regular teeth he had nothing but jagged . we a door to the right and made our way into some old back room . red turned to me and handed me the rest of our equipment that was laying on a plastic table just waiting for us . a handgun a baton bear mace and a large knife . " now keep all of this on you at all times and just take it easy alright ? i know you ' re into the same weird here so we just keep our down and do this by the ? " she said to me with a dead serious tone i ' d never really before . " red ? what exactly are we guarding ? i thought this was just security for some carnival ? " i as i got all my equipment on . " most of our are normal but a few pay premium and the owner ' t exactly normal either . just trust me and follow my lead alright ? " she towards another door and i . i did trust red she ' s one of my best and she ' d never given me reason not to trust her . she even knew about me and my family and our own dabbling in the occult . we made our way out the door and found ourselves on the grounds of a massive carnival . it lit up the night sky like you ' t believe but strangely enough i don ' t remember seeing any tall or next to the carnival and it to go on for a while . i red past of and more and we finally the front of the carnival . we took near a ticket booth as two men got up to leave us for taking over . once we sat down i saw in front of us was the familiar street and even a rat that by to show it was still new york city . i ' t understand everyone still human they for their at the booth in front of us and went on their way . every now and again someone would get rowdy and me and red would get up to handle it or show that this was not a place for rough housing . after the first two red and i had pretty much just enjoying a soda or two provided to us by other staff and occasionally at here at the front that got a bit rowdy . i was so many people kept coming but hey it was a pretty interesting looking carnival . then the clock struck pm exactly and our first up . it was a man in a three piece dark suit looking exceptionally professional though he wore black and a black hat as well when it was already dark out . " look alive don ' t speak and stand at attention " red to me . i listed and secretly my family for being so on when i was a . this man us seeming to peer at both of our very before looking to red . " not one for me i take it ? " he said in a deep and guttural voice while to me . " nope all mine though we have a lovely selection tonight sir i think you will find it to your liking " red and bowed her head slightly . i suite bowing my own head a bit before looking back up . " splendid " the man showing about a hundred fine pointed needle like teeth " one three ticket if you don ' t mind . please also give my to . " the man said as red handed him a silver ticket with the number three on the side and the man handed red what like at least a thousand in cash . " remember to follow all of our sir and have a pleasant evening . " red bowed her head again and i . the man and into the carnival . we took a minute and sat back down before i to red " so we going to talk about this ? i told you i to take a job and get away from all this weird for a while . you know a sense of normalcy ? " " this was the best i could do . what you me to not put you up when you said you to get away from your weird family ? come on that ' s not what do . besides this is the most normal i could offer . at least until we get to watch over a cleanup . " red . " clean up ? " i though part of me could guess . " tell you what i ' m going to go grab us a coffee the best and even some grounds he . take over for bit the are right here along with their " she to a drawer filled with silver listed as through . " if anyone comes just remember to bow your head only be respectful but not passive . if they get rowdy let them know security is happy to throw them out . do not make too much conversation or any at all keep it strictly business . i ' be back in a few . if you get nervous use the radio to call me or just flick on the to your left . i put on it a while back . " red my shoulder and before leaving to go get the coffee . i found myself a lot . just what exactly were these for ? clearly we gave them to certain who could pay that high a price and based on that last man ' s teeth i guess those that bought it ' t here for balloon and fun house . just my luck another guest not five after red had left . i stood up sweating a bit as i did . this was the first time i ' d ever really to a creature of the dark without any protection beyond what i had on myself . no no no occult protection . just me bullet proof glass and what i had . i admit i was and may have bowed a bit too low . however the guest only to laugh . he was rather tall nearly seven in height and down to look inside at me . he wore a massive trench coat covered all but his with a bandanna and wore a large caddy hat to cover the top of his head . his too were lime green and almost like that of a fish the smell of and rotting came from this guy constantly . " a new guard ? well hello there sweetie " he said in a rather feminine voice . honestly i ' t tell if it was a man or woman looking at them . " how can i help you today ? " i trying to remain firm . " you just get hired tonight ? " he again seeming to smile under all that fabric . i was about to answer but remember red said not to make conversation outside of business . i my throat " what can i get for you today ? the creature to frown " smart unfortunate . five if you don ' t mind sweetie . " the creature a stack of cash into a little compartment to the right . counting it out it was at least twenty grand but the part is that it ' t a hand that the money . it was a tentacle . i quickly a ticket with a five printed on it and slid it out to the beast . " remember our " my voice cracked before i my throat " remember our " i said with much more strength behind my voice . " and have a wonderful rest of your evening . " " praise be to the old do let know she is a true saint . " the creature inside the carnival and bee lined it for the fun house attraction . finally red returned after a while . i ' d already up a crime movie on . the to be specific it honestly me of my dad and are the best in general . i it was one guest with and red " ah . . she ' s a big spender really into and . rumor is she made a deal with them and that ' s where she all of her money . " " it was a she ? " i was a bit mind blown by this " i know right ? " red before me my coffee . we the next two in peace and quiet . no one really got rowdy even as people kept coming in and we got to enjoy most of the movie . it was like old times cracking a few some cheap carnival popcorn and just a good time . still part of me kept wondering the exact nature of these . finally we got a call . " security post we need supervision for a clean up at house as soon as possible please respond over ? " the radio said as red it . " security post here we hear ensure ' s know to check back with other for we ' re on our way over . " red for me to follow and i did . we locked up the security post and headed into the carnival . people were still laughing or screaming on roller . it was all pretty normal and soon we cut to the front of the line to a house . we made our way into a staff entrance and i as red our way to one particular section . some stupid table with fake body . however the wall was closed so that the track next to us ' t see in . had i not been used to the weird stuff i think this is where i might ' quit or maybe . on one end of the table there were fresh body . from two separate and one of our from . the man with the needle teeth . he sat at one end fork and knife in hand napkin under this chin into his suit and a glass of white wine to his right . it was weird seeing it like something out an old horror movie where the monster casually on someone with like it ' s some upper class individual . he casually away at torso of a guest still very much alive but and without . the guest out muttering little for help as the creature away at his . i at red who merely watched . " did you have a pleasant evening sir ? " she the creature . " indeed . you were correct in assuming this was to my pallet . i ' m most with the stock tonight very fresh . in fact i think my were bigger than my stomach i only had these two . " he took one last bite and finally his mouth with a napkin before drinking the last of his wine . " " he up a finger to ask for a moment . once the wine was gone he " i believe i am indeed finished for the evening . i believe this is in accordance with all major for the carnival yes ? " he while raising his brow still wearing those stupid tinted glasses . " as long as our normal are properly dealt with . " red towards the still living man . " ah yes of course my . " the man stated before his arm above the guest ' s neck after dragging them to the edge of the table and quickly swinging down to break the man ' s head clean off . " sorry i prefer my meat still breathing . well then shall i attend to anything else or are we good to go ? " " your ticket please . " red out her hand . the man came towards us and i ' t help but twitch as my hand was near the gun i ' d been given . i don ' t think he or maybe he ' t care but he handed red his ticket . red tore at a piece and handed it back " you know where the are . have a wonderful rest of your evening sir . " " you as well " the man before heading towards a wall . as he was about to hit it he into a gray mist and . " red ? " i before other staff in and cleaning up the blood and the into disposable . " to keep them from killing like crazy the carnival them a hunting ground . as long as they follow strict . " she before looking at me . " think of it as keeping everyone safe by offering up a few . it ' s the best we can do . " she before the radio went off and we got a call about another incident . " come on this one will need a little more force . it a guest is very much keen on breaking the . we left the house and made our way off to the back of a food court section . i ' t know if it was because i ' m used to it and or maybe i ' m just naturally up like the rest of my family but all this made sense . it was pragmatic . we finally made our way to our destination . there we a homeless guy with all over his naked body . he had growing out of his head and goat instead of human . he turned to us and two other security and . beneath him was the body of a ' t have been older than sixteen maybe . " " the man " i ' m just about finished here i just need one more to satisfy my surely you don ' t mind ? " he said while holding back and carving new occult on his body . " you for a two ticket sir are four and up . furthermore this is your fourth kill . three get four . you need to hand over your ticket and leave . " red stated harshly causing the man to glare at us . " you disgusting think you can order me around ? ! me ? ! i ' m god himself here ! you have the privilege to witness such a thing and you dare to order me ? ! i think not ! " the man turned violent and suddenly a stream of going off . he at us but ' t get very far as the other security red quickly their and unloaded every last bullet they had into him . he was down in an instant and the security only shook their . " fae always be my way or the highway " one of the before calling for a clean up crew . " we get back " red stated to the who all in agreement . when we were back in our booth and back up i at the time . nearly two in the morning . " so red we . . . a guy back there yeah ? " " a fae and yes . " red before loading up hulu and on some south park . " they usually get pretty rowdy because how dare we enforce here when they are just so god damn superior . " she . " guessing you ' a few of them ? " i . " yep . you got clean or what ? " she continued before some popcorn as the show . " nope " i shook my head . a family into the occult definitely did not have clean . board game night or even movie night was usually with offering up and new . we at least four more that night . went through a lot of the south park show and even had some fast food at one point . the pay for that night was about two hundred . as we drove home and finally got to red ' s apartment i found myself staring at the uniform for a while . there was some blood on the bottom right i ' t and i how long it had been there . was it when that satyr ? maybe when the guy was eating of people in the house ? i ' m not sure . " did you want to stay on for a bit ? we work pretty much six days a week all night shift . " red as she in the hallway near me . i don ' t think i had a straight answer . really though what else did i have ? " sure thing red i think i ' stay at least for the summer . i won ' t lie and say it was fun but i at least am glad i ' t handling tonight with a stranger . " i saw her smile a real genuine smile for the first time in a while . it was nice and the pay was good even if it was dangerous . still that was just the first night and i can only imagine what a night will bring us . i ' be sure to share what with you as we go . wish me luck . part . . r my summer as a security guard for a disturbing part . . r hqadx my summer as a security guard for a disturbing ending . . r inrr my summer as a security guard for a disturbing everyone their own little hobby . some people like making . like . mine is breaking into . or i guess i should say was . and i was good at it too . very good in fact . i out small slowly built up my and then graduated to the big time . if one does that you tend to learn a few . for never ever wear a ski mask . it that you ' re up to no good and you beyond conspicuous . definitely a no no when you ' re trying to stay incognito and fly under the radar . robbing a gas station is completely different from off some ocean ' s style which is the difference between burglary and robbery . a robbery brute force while a burglary is pure calculation . i ' never done a job and i never will . if there ' s one thing you can ' t be to be a successful burglar it ' s sloppy . and robbing some convenience store is nothing but risky and sloppy . maximum risk for minimum reward . which is why you always choose your wisely . but in this day and age choosing a target is made far easier by social media . people love posting of all their latest and . and that ' s just the start of it . if you do your homework you could easily piece together someone ' s entire routine just from the stuff they tweet or post to . and in that you might see about going on vacation what time their flight is and when they ' be back . and since people love nothing more than to post of their pet it ' s not hard to find who a dog you don ' t want to stumble across . oh the of the age we live in . it ' s not enough for some people to own a yacht or whatever they have to constantly remind you they own it . but with all that self aggrandizement comes plenty of opportunity from interested like me . with like that there ' s no need to case a house for days on end . as an interior designer that me plenty of opportunity to check out and become familiar with . on top of that being a woman is most definitely an advantage . people are far more likely to be suspicious of a man hanging around a neighborhood than a woman who ' s ' . if there ' s one thing i always take pride in it ' s the fact that i never anyone who ' t have it coming . i have no interest in stealing some poor family ' s piggy bank or a set of belonging to some little old lady . and i never snatched anyone ' s college fund or retirement money . no i prefer to go after the rich big especially if they ' re a total . it ' s not that i trying to be robin hood or something there ' s just no reward or fun in stealing from a regular person . no challenge . any can and usually does try to rob the local eleven . but successfully breaking into someone ' s house without them realizing it some effort and . so if you ' re break into someone ' s house it better be worth it . my last job was not worth it . my last job was frank local rich guy . he lived in a beautiful colonial style mansion situated right on a lake . i had periodically driven through the area when i found out that would be heading out of town for a business trip . on the whole i definitely prefer to carry out my little hobby in the daytime for a variety of . but since had people watching the house during the daytime that meant i had no choice but to work at night . my was busy visiting his brother out of state so at least i was free for the evening . carefully parking my car a ways away i silently locked it and crept towards the house the casting everywhere . with each step the adrenaline that always me on a job grew almost like a counter . there was no front gate so that made easier . taking care to walk casually towards the i the house to decide how i would enter . it ' t take long to decide on a first floor window . on my i made quick work of the window and carefully the out of the way before quietly shutting the window . with this done i switched on my flashlight and was by the typical atmosphere of a climate hardwood winding and the telltale scent of a few . . a quick check revealed there to be no alarm system which was no surprise . usually if people have alarm they love to advertise it . the trick when looking through a super rich person ' s house is that they will never hide their most valuable stuff in plain sight . constantly showing it off on the is one thing but when it comes to most times they ' stop at nothing to find the best . hidden are a favorite . not only do they provide a good spot but they also make great panic . a two for one deal . walking past the front sitting room i the presence of a gleaming piano . i my flashlight under the lid to make sure there was nothing inside . it was empty . wasting no more time in that room i slowly crept up the winding to the second floor . i always prefer being on the second floor of because there ' s usually a huge window the driveway which it far easier to spot someone . and if need be i can always make my escape via a window since i enjoy rock climbing and typically go once a week . past the hallway ' s cream colored carpet there was an open set of double that lead to the master suite . aside from a large bed with black there was a gleaming mahogany chest of drawers . the flashlight so it was facing i opening drawers . excellent . there was some jewelry and some expensive which included a few . i carefully one into my bag in keeping with another one of my never get carried away . the trick to never getting caught is not the owner realize someone was here . the chest up i to the closet . aside from the nice clothes the only thing of interest there were a few of expensive cuff links . i selected a single cuff link with a sapphire before making my way to the study which was across the hall . aside from the expensive sitting on a glass desk there was nothing of value in here . leaving the study i headed back down the briefly by the spacious kitchen and was doing one final sweep when i found the door to the basement . the doorknob i twisted it open and my flashlight down into the looming darkness . i love . it ' s usually the most interesting room in any house as it ' s the one place people feel most free to be themselves in since usually no one ever goes down there except for the people who live there . living are beyond dull . nothing but furniture people rarely sit on and family where at least one person awkward . are also where some of the most interesting are . or at least most are interesting . this basement like the rest of the house was boring . the space was to workout equipment which included plenty of and an exercise bike . i was nearly finished looking around when i a large bookcase filled with . going all the way from the floor to the ceiling it was made of dark wood . it was lovely to look at but it was also completely out of place down here . gently it i thought i could feel something on the other side . giddiness washed over me when i i was looking at a secret passage . i gently on it and the bookcase to come away from the wall which continued until it was completely back to reveal a narrow hallway about half the size of the bookcase . the passage was pitch black with no lighting but my flashlight revealed the were bare with of insulation framework plywood and showing . since i had no idea where this led i kept my flashlight at the floor while i took a step into the passageway my quietly the makeshift carpet . after a few down the narrow corridor the passage turned to the left and up to a nook sized room large enough to hold a few people . there was a dangling light bulb hanging overhead but i stuck to my flashlight . when i saw what this room i ' t want to touch a thing . the room was mostly a series of ordinary and tables but what was on them was anything but normal . there were massive piles of money in various but i spotted thick of and dollar bound together by rubber . but what really got my attention were the thick everywhere that to be . most of these were in about the size of a brick that was impossible to see what was inside but from some small that were clear plastic i could see exactly what was inside . there was no telling how much money in alone this room . i felt myself exhale deeply as i ' t even i was holding my breath . there was not a chance i was touching this money . there are not worth stealing and this is the number one thing not worth taking . backing out of the room i could feel my sweating under my as i closed the passage up and went upstairs . moving but not in a panic i the few i had . i had just finished stuff back in the bedroom and was walking down the when i it . the unmistakable sound of a car outside and approaching the front door . . it was every burglar ' s worst nightmare . an unexpected arrival . the deafening pounding of my heart i discreetly out the bottom of the window in the sitting room with the piano . i could faintly make out the shape of several people walking towards the house . with panic now flooding through my body i crept over to the huge black couch beside the window i had just through and behind it . there was no time for anything else . the couch was on the left side of the house and was positioned at an angle so that the couch ' s front was facing the hallway . just as i had settled down in my makeshift spot the sound of the front door being unlocked filled the room . it was without a doubt the most terrifying sound i ' ever . with one hand tightly over my mouth my body froze in position as i watched the front door slowly open and three men in . " it ' s back this way " said the first one in a gruff voice after the front door shut . i ' t tell what he like but my mind him as tall and in good shape . " the garage right ? " a slightly higher voice quietly . " that ' s right in the freezer " the first voice . they ' t say another word but i them walk away from this part of the house and towards the kitchen their making tell tale on the floor as they . i sat there silently my heart still thudding away in my chest only slightly less frenzied than before . what were they here for ? what could they be possibly getting from the garage when the stuff that i would ' thought they came for was in the basement ? from the far side of the house i the door to the garage open before the sound of it shutting after a few . i mentally myself for not looking in the garage . what was in there ? a few later i the sound of a door close and i decided to go for it . carefully looking around the edge of the couch to make sure the coast was clear i crept towards the window and out the bottom to check the driveway . all three men were now outside by the car they had come in . i had no idea what they had gotten from the garage but at least they were outside now . from the of it they had just put something in the back of the car and were about to pile in . two of them had their to me and were talking to a third who i ' t see . a moment later one of them turned and i got a look at the third man . when i did my blood turned to ice . there talking to two strange men in the middle of a night when he should ' been out of town was my . part . . r why i stopped breaking into part part end . . r hquy why i stopped breaking into part end jab previous chapter is here . . r fnxya jab chapter after edge ' s dad forked over the he bought the from all was but we were unable to find that girl no matter how we . we spent the better part of with edge ' s family after that getting to know each other swapping . . . or maybe just talking about our to a group of perpetually and . after the shock of that had worn off over the next few days it clear to me that edge ' s sister lori desired a career like ours . this was vehemently her by every member of our team no were given as to how she could go about it and to hammer the idea in i told her all about the and how horrid they were in detail their horrid and behavior it to shut her up . until later that night when the year old girl crept into the kitchen while i was getting a midnight snack that is . i turned around my full of sandwich when i saw her standing there in a shirt and panties of all i could tell what she to ask me and i it . " no . " her face ' t fall rather switched into a playful pout making me notice how made up she was her in the light of the kitchen lamp " what do you want ? " i shook my head " i want you to leave it alone lori you ' re in . live your life do your brother a favor . " she on the counter as i take a bite of sandwich cleavage " he ' s like a stranger to me i almost don ' t recognize him . " i roll my becoming done with this situation " ' t change the fact that nobody here to see you throw your life away . " she further towards me trying and failing to be sexy batting her now heavy lidded " come on . . . what can i . . . do for you . " blasphemy to me about teaching her a lesson and i put the sandwich down drawing blasphemy the hilt like a heartbeat as i wish she could see what i ' seen . everything i her to know why not why it was a bad idea . " i want you to understand why not . " and so i out to touch her grasping her face and forcing the into her head the power of the sword . she to scream as every black moment that ever plagued my life was forcibly given to her over the space of an hour the sound in the kitchen was completely by blasphemy so this moment would be just between us . finally i let her go and sheathed my sword the themselves as the ambient noise came back " do you see ? do you see now ? that i am only protecting you from the inevitable screaming horrid death that for any but the most prepared ? " she just curled up on the floor and to sob i picked my sandwich back up and stepped over her " think about this and remember how good you have it . " and like that i went up to the room edge ' s had put us in . come morning i was by edge ' s foot in my face i fell out of bed and hit the floor hard he had out a few of my teeth i stood up spitting out the loose teeth " morning edge . " wolf and love were naked sitting up and staring at us love ' s arms around wolf as if holding her for comfort " what did you do to my sister ! ? " edge stood there irate and shaking in his though he was much smaller than me he was still very when he got angry . i blinked the pain out of my " she ' t leave me alone trying to seduce me into . . . i telling her how to become an agent for the organization . . . so i used blasphemy to show her what it ' s like . " edge relaxed a bit as if he feared i had done worse " you really her up man she won ' t stop crying all alone in her room is there anything you can do to take it back ? " i pick up my sword " is there anything . . . " before i could finish my sentence the sword let out a dark chuckle " not by our . " i sigh thinking to myself " the issue to be memory . . . we can always have the back at wipe her memory . " edge ' s face " that ' s right ! we can just erase those ! green i ' m sorry i you . " i shake my head waving my hand " i deserved it . " wolf and love both to have mixed on what i had done wolf scolding me for it and love a knowing smirk on her face lori had been quite rude to her when nobody was looking we got dressed and headed downstairs wolf still lightly me on the head to emphasize how i up . we explain the ordeal to edge ' s who are simply glad that lori ' t permanently . while we for mal to come with a wipe crew i went into lori ' s room she had stopped sobbing and was now just silently weeping as she at the ceiling . " do you see lori ? do you understand ? " i sit next to the bed she at me with her far away nodding ever so slightly " good . " i grumble " it you won ' t ask again . " she sat bolt upright suddenly " how many people have you exactly ? " her expression went from one of sadness and pain to one of rage she was shaking now . i sigh as i try to count i can ' t . " lost count . " i say absentmindedly " been a while since i . " as i come back into focus i watch her herself at me from the bed her trying to get around my throat she as i her and pinned them behind her back with her face into the mattress " come on now after all you ' seen did you think it would be that easy ? " i push her a bit more into her bed for emphasis holding both her in one of my " what was your plan ? " she at me still struggling even as she was face down in her " monster ! " i let her go " you know i ' m not the only one like me you know that your own brother is just like me . " i was braced for another assault but none came she just sort of sat there staring at me from the side as she lay there on her face . i didnt leave the room til the wipe crew came in then i left to join my team in the dining room . edge love and wolf were all sitting at the table with a young woman in organization attire not mal . " ah agent green its nice to meet you sorry to interrupt your vacation . " i wave a hand but falter the general feeling of unease at the table got me curious " you ' re not mal are you here with an assignment ? " the woman " you ' re not technically off vacation yet we just need your next stop to be here . " she me a dossier what was going to be an mission . " you will meet up with the package and you will the package to the determined location understood ? " sigma in one voice " understood . " the woman at us " you hopefully won ' t be long . " and once the wipe crew came out of lori ' s room she was gone . i hand the dossier to edge who " the ocean . . . well at least we won ' t be in . " the rest of us crowd around him and he to a picture of a research ship in the middle of the gulf of " apparently this ship was doing research on an artifact that was uncovered not too long after the box went nuclear . " edge . i look at him " but that was ago what ' s been the holdup on progress ? " edge shaking his head " the last progress report progress but then the ship went dead both in direction and in it from that spot since last night . " he then to the progress report where the organization on the artifact it being a massive stone sphere perfectly round and covered in inlaid with mother of pearl . there ' s a door research assistant but we can ' t get it open are ineffective several similar follow the on the sphere this is most certainly some sort of language however none if our have been able to translate them transfer of to research base this is by a mainly pointless back and forth between pilum and that is basically pilum saying " no more you have enough " and " but " then comes the interesting part . a partially finished log only the we finally got it open there to be and then nothing . edge studied the dossier for a while then spent a while considering before finally speaking to us " from what i can gather . . . either the artifact them or it had something inside of the read like a picture book about a civilization some sort of criminal in this sphere . " i look at the detailed in the " so these arent they ' re just . . . ? " edge " leave it to the to look too deep into what basically to a baby bug book " don ' t let the bad guy out . " love " i think i read that one . " edge along with her " eh . . . " then he got super serious " we need to be careful . . . this could go one of two ways this could be one of those tribal where a monster was put away because been yet basically meaning all we need to do is kill it . . . or it could be like the son of something that even the old of man ' t kill . . . which i dont need to tell you would suck ass . . . another option is that this is some sort of ancient computer that somehow took over the of the people aboard . . . so i guess that ' s but my first two are more probable so one of two . . . maybe three . " he at us all " we need to be very careful . . . our rendezvous is at midnight tonight in . " everyone glad to get back to work but i was confused " you ' t mad that our vacation was interrupted ? " i figured they would be since we ' d been meeting everyone ' s . the other three at me with raised then wolf spoke " green if you havent this vacation was a bust from the get go we had to deal with a monster and you went overboard saying no to edge ' s little sister . . . next time just go to the hotel quietus we suck at non work related . ' i shrug glad to get back into the swing of myself and eager to test drive the new i apparently from the . was still sad that fate to ruin our only self vacation though . after hasty and making sure lori ' t a zombie we meet up with the at the port in it ' s already dark when we arrive . " agent green . . . " one of the other there were me with a slightly voice when we all got out of my " i was under the impression that you were going to come alone . . " i blink confusedly at the man who ' s face was by a balaclava and under the hood of an organization trench coat . " nope teamwork the dream work my days of being a are far behind me . " love my back " not far but we ' re getting there . " wolf stepped forward squaring herself as she usually did when entering her wolflike " we were all so we all go its that simple . " the man in the balaclava " . . . i only brought one of these ! " as he lunged towards me wolf her up his face causing him to stagger away screaming in his hand he a green syringe " the officer ? whats your badge number ? your ass ! " it was then that the other two quite literally into the fight bodily with wolf and i as the officer was taken out of the equation by edge ' s glue gun " stick around . " he to himself as he coated the agent ' s body in adhesive him to the ground . after that was dealt with edge turned to see love grab both our who had been trying to restrain wolf and i with they shock you if you struggle and are really liberal with the meaning of struggle then pull them off effortlessly holding them up over her head as they angrily . " i think we ' re an as to why three organization us before a big mission . " the two she had in her said nothing just at us before love them together so hard they out . edge glued them both to a tree upside down while love wolf and i the one who had tried to inject me with something . " you ' re all crazy if you think i ' d betray my employer . " he struggling in his now gravel ridden glue cocoon i sit down next to him " can you tell me who you don ' t work for ? " the man confused " n no i ' m not saying anything . " i roll my " look all i know is who you don ' t work for so we can rule our our current employer . " the man " ' t you like to know ? i have everything and you have nothing . " i pick up the syringe " answer my question and this ' t go in your eye . " the man " yea . . . i guess i can say i don ' t work for your boss the organization is not who sent me here please don ' t stab me . . . " wolf squatted next to his prone body examining her with an aloof disdain before looking back at him " now tell me who you are working for . " the man " you think that just because i was once i ' be . . . no . . . please . . . " wolf was hovering two clawed over his her own wide now the moon making her shine green " just tell me and we ' leave you and your alone . " he a breath as if steeling himself for what he is coming " eat my ass . " those were the last coherent out of his mouth as wolf dug her clawed into his he at the top of his voice as she her the of her digging into his scalp making him bleed as he against the glue finally he just stopped moving as we his give way completely although we he was unconscious not dead . after carefully her from his wolf tore open the cocoon we had him in searching through his pants till she found his phone " here . " she the phone to edge " check that for any . " searching obediently through his and text history edge found a correspondence with someone calling themselves doctor miller . to hijack the boat contain the artifact then capture us for " re education . " these were agency and they knew we were coming how they knew would have to be later right now we had a job to do . we the motor boat the had come in on which was with the organization ' s symbol and found it thankfully empty except for what to be a half ton of several week ' s worth of travel and a i remember finding it very interesting that there were a lot of untouched considering they were about to return to base and the of food here would probably feed a crew of for a long while . we got general for the research vessel from his phone and took the fake organization boat in that general direction where after a while of wondering if we were too late we found several agency craft anchored next to the large research ship which itself was the size of a large oil tanker . upon getting closer we saw that both were completely dead in the water no running the only reason the four were still in place was because of their from where we were we could even make out that there had been several boarding now and hanging off the of their respective . " . " edge leaning out of the window of the boat ' s cockpit where we all stood in the same general awe at the sight " like we one hell of a welcome wagon . " love had a concerned look on her face " so the agency got by . . . whatever was in there how do we expect to fare any different ? " edge " we ' re not going to shoot it we ' re . . . me not sure what we ' re going to do . . . this scenario would give me more hope if i could see any people but there ' s none . " we decide to anchor ourselves next to the boat and scale one of the on to the ship . the ship was completely empty from what we could see we made our way only after we had done a thorough sweep of the abovedeck area though there were no we were constantly with the stench of rot rotting meat floating on a briny sea . god i hate the ocean . when we got down below we were to find that despite the lack of running engine the ship had full power . each electric lamp burning at peak efficiency as if each had just been with a fresh bulb . " usually i ' d say fan out . . " edge only for green to scoff " yea off with that everyone stick together . " love closer to me as wolf in the affirmative . the we went into the ship the more obvious it was to me that we were dealing with something in the same vein as the church of the primordial god something older than humanity . something like a lumpy humanoid writing on the that ' t look like any human language i ' d ever seen like that me in on what the hell was going on . we finally the bowels of the ship the engine room where a man for us . he wore a brown suit and was simply looking at the engine which was covered in blood and of viscera . " hey ! " i thoroughly out and and ready to deal out some massive . what next made all of us jump he snapped around to reveal that his head was somehow on upside down his smile spreading from ear to ear looking almost like a frown were it not for the glee in those hideous catching the light like wolf ' s making it look like they were glowing green while his hair formed a sort of pseudo beard that hung off his head like it would if he was actually hanging upside down . " oh joy . " he said in a voice that like an year old his barely moving out of that wicked smile " more for my baby . " he darkly as he slowly from sight just faded slowly becoming more and more transparent until there was not any physical indication that he had ever been there at all ! the in the engine room suddenly shutting off causing love to squeak in terror as the power to function the red emergency was when we a horrid squeal and from the darkness of the now black as night engine room something nearly formless almost horselike in form and movement but it ' s head the thing was bulbous and constantly shifting sagging with each gallop as if it ' t have a skull and angry were what came from the and overlarge mouth while massive human like and in their almost nonexistent . we pointed our the creature came to a halt in front of us and again looking at each of us with it ' s massive us as if it were a curious child . that was when i the whisper of the man with the upside down face in my ear " please do attack him . i ' m sure you saw how it worked out for the rest of the crew . " i out at him an elbow in his upside down invisible nose made me feel a crunch he and fell backwards with a gasp the wall and sliding down it then to laugh " ha ! i ' m bleeding ! " his laugh split off into raucous as the lump monster back and at me ! in reaction to the aggression love swung full force at the thing a sonic boom and a as she flung her full might at this awkward creature ! as she did the eerie silence and lack of laughter from the upside down man made me realize we ' d taken the bait and sprung a trap we seen . as if to prove me right upon contact with love ' s fist after folding inward on itself the lump monster ' s head split the horrid face and into a mess of and that whipped around at lightning fast ! instantly love ' s arm was off at the elbow and she fell back with a scream not just from her but everyone else ! as the whirling dervish continued it all to slow down sigma trying to get away from this creature the laughter from the upside down man the squealing of the lump monster it all to a crawl as if i was in bullet time from the matrix and i could see each appendage in its arc somehow traveling than before more readable as they about and cracked towards the rest of sigma like angry . without thinking much about it given how had been going recently i decided to pull myself together and lash out at the nearest tendril it ' s bladed end without much issue then in quick succession i to the disarming them before i the thing in it ' s hideous veiny chest the flesh giving way like butter as brownish blood to rocket out of the wound i had just super slow again as if i were in bullet time . cant think of a better name as the creature crumpled in slow motion i around for the upside down man suddenly very aware of rotting breath in my face without a clear origin as everything sped up to its normal pace . i felt his invisible hand squeeze my throat even as i my neck he ground down hard with a strength i didnt know he had . " unless you give me the to your boat your rather fetching companion is going to die . . . and you don ' t want that do you ? " his voice was no longer like a child ' s now it was older . i look at love who was being seen to by wolf and edge blood still in from her stump elbow she was already going into shock there was nothing we could do for her without some sort of intervention " you can help her ? " i hear the jingle of and they leave my pocket as they do i remember we have some of that in edge ' s field bag . " edge ! " i shout " the whatever it is that stuff from my blood ! " edge as if he too had forgotten " right ! " and he out his bag on the floor the syringe and love with it " go ! " wolf " get that upside down ! " i rush to the engine room door and up the thinking to myself all the way that i ' d just forgotten about the literal super drug that we kept that maybe upside down man had temporarily removed the memory providing the illusion of helplessness so he could escape i was nearly to the top when i saw him . the upside down man was limping up the final flight of his grin had and his were squinting because of the of blood that were flowing into them from his broken nose he was also very visible . he saw me and he his pace trying and failing to resume being invisible as in the light from the sun he was only partially transparent " get your crooked ass back here ! " i shout at him rushing with all the breath in my body as i leap up the final flight after him . i see him at the top of the he ' s stopped as if for breath i throw all of my body weight into his back and he the metal hull with another crunchy splat by another spray of blood from his nose . he turned over and backwards on his back still trying to get away when i hear the engine for our boat start . i look over the side of the research vessel and see the upside down man starting our boat ! confused i back around to see the man i thought was the upside down man was in fact a corpse that had been tied to a length of rebar to complete the illusion of a standing living human . the rest had been the upside down man ' s twisted mental showing me what i to see . speechless and at how well he had us i could only yell in anger as i flung myself over the side of the research vessel towards the boat about down making a mental note to roll when i landed only to be caught in the chest mid air by the now anchor which he had just thrown at me heavy metal with bone and flesh at high velocity i felt my sternum collapse caving through my heart and finally my spine the impact me in the air but it did not stop me . i was only able to let out a pained squeak as my momentum carried me into the side of the ship knocking me silly before i finally with the water . as i hit the water i felt water fill my chest cavity burning very sensitive as i was down by the solid steel object now lodged in my torso . as the light of the surface to ebb i closed my waiting for the inevitable blackness that would stop the pain at least for a little bit . then i my to two beautiful blue green glaring down at me agent love was shaking me i felt the warm hull of a boat beneath me i was not at the bottom of the ocean . i blinked and water its way out of my as i vaguely love say " you need to stop doing that . " i rolled over and hacked up what felt like a gallon of sea water and as i felt air in my again love was still talking " if wolf ' t been on your the whole time we ' d have lost you again . . . maybe for good this time . " i splutter and gasp in pain as i try to move my chest is still in but somehow i could breathe . " he . . . got away . " i manage to get out before blood made its way up my esophagus and i once more hacking and . wolf " but the thing is . . . " she brought out the which now had a big red button on the screen " i found out why the were on the boat . " my as she the button it took a few but i a loud pop as if from a cap gun with a little metallic twang on the tail end as if the boat was so far away we could barely even hear the explosion . the upshot of not being able to hear an explosion was that the boat had been successfully and the upside down man was hopefully no more " like the agency had this in mind as a . " wolf some of the super drug into my chest wound i cough " thats not going . . . " my own hurl me into another cacophony of as edge my head with his foot " it up your healing process just let it do its work and you ' be able to stand in no time . " i without another question and actually to feel the pain of my body mending itself a familiar sensation but never at this speed or degree as my chest expanded once more i made a mental note to keep more of that stuff on me . after i love to help me stand i took a few experimental and figured i ' d be fine . after working super hard to get some signal we the organization and for a pickup which was when we told them about the lump creature and its master . after us we learned that they the remains of the boat but no sign the upside down man had been on it when it exploded save for a red necktie . we were taken back to headquarters . then given requisition to hotel quietus and once more it was back to the island . might write about that now that wolf here to skin me about it . for all of those wondering where the hell been as of a while ago i ' m full civilian mode doing good at a civilian job holding down a domestic relationship and even gaining a little weight . . . not sure that last one ' s good but i consider it different so whatever . essential gang rise up ! everyone stay safe ? and if you see someone in danger help them i dont care who they are if you can save someone try . xb i still remember the day i from this world . i had been with my and sister in the field . it had become our routine in the haze of summer to play out there until the sun into the sloping valley ahead and our mother us in for dinner . being in an area where there were more than people it was one of the few we could do . from the very beginning the odds were pitted against me . my eldest brother varsity football and was built like a god while my only sister was a promising gymnast . even my father threw of hale up like they were no more than of air . being the i had yet to manifest any of this natural athleticism which often left me after them . simple like tag or hide and seek a struggle to even breathe . my fogged up my glasses which forced me to squint through . i through the that crowded my path trying to follow the sound of distant . the rustling wind that sifted through the green would provide of false hope but the real had long headed back to the house . my shirt clung to my body soaked through with sweat as i at my brow . somewhere in the corn labyrinth undergrowth snapped under someone s foot . instantly my exhausted form into life and i towards the sound and certain victory . ha ! found y the sentence in my throat . i had found someone but it t any of my . a woman turned around to face me a long strand of hair falling over her shoulder as she did so . the corn with that yield being six tall only her mid elbow her shadow over me and making the surrounding air even colder . she wore a long dress that splayed over her one unsuited for the rustic environment she was in trailing over the muddy ground . it had once been a resplendent ivory but had faded to a buttery yellow now tattered with age . the spiked remains of what like a tiara were in the front part of her hair . the moment we made eye contact every thought in my head . her were milky white which or as if her vision had been by . but i knew she t blind by the way her to be trained on my move . in the falling evening they to have a peculiar luminosity . she towards me the hem of her dress trailing behind her . little one she breathed kneeling down what are you doing out here all alone ? her sweet breathy voice into my ear like warm honey washing away my initial unease . i . i i was just out " and they just left you out here ? she can be so cruel can t they ? i found myself nodding along not by my own physical accord but by an almost response . there was something about her voice that so right regardless of the that left her mouth . you for them . even when you knew that they d leave you you still like the good boy you are . her my cheek staring at my face with a loving yet melancholic smile . fresh perspiration from my brow . good boy . they were the only that my dazed mind . i found myself yearning for more of her praise like a man in the desert water . you d never have to wait for me she went on i could take you to a place where you could be the winner of every game . you could have everything you ever . i can give you the moon and . the of my family were fading the more i at her . her other hand extended out towards mine her brushing against my . come away with me little one i take you to the land of . my heart painfully against my as i into her unfailing smile . at that moment i would have that woman into a nettle patch . my stubby out towards her long slender the space between our growing shorter . i had been away from taking it my were filled with the chirp of . i found myself on the cold ground the warmth of her presence long gone . my body at the possibility that my over mind had her . darkness surrounded me the red evening the crescent moon slicing through the grey like a sickle . the whispered around me as they swayed in the frigid breeze . i myself as a field of goose pimpled my pasty arms . how long had i been out here ? had it all been a dream ? my heart in fear the sting of my father s belt across my . as i scrabbled off the ground it took a few to stand upright . i towards the dimmed in the distance my like plaster feeling ready to crumble underneath me . my mouth was dry with a single word curling on the tip of my tongue home . i made it as far as the front doorstep before i . when i woke up the next morning instead of my own bedroom i had found myself in a hospital room an drip trailing from my wrist across the white bed . my curled inwards heart as my the unfamiliar room for any of familiarity . i aware of a large hand hovering over my one . i upright only to see my sitting beside my bed . ? dad ? i drowsily . their . my mother s hand to her mouth bewildered with my father before rushing over to embrace me nearly planting herself on the floor in the process . my father after me into a sternum cracking embrace . their were sunken and red from countless nights of lost sleep and their were pale and drawn . their clothes hung off them and worn . they to have aged twenty . my father s chin was harsh with at least a week s worth of black stubble . but it never to me in that moment how different they . i that i had been gone for far longer on the ride home after i d been where i my own missing person s poster from a telephone pole my fifth grade class photo smiling blithely out at me within a layer of protective plastic . they had taken me out the back of the building to avoid the swarm of that had on them eager to mark my miraculous return . five had since that game of hide and seek in the corn field where my family had without tiring for me making television scouring the farm and the surrounding area for any sign of me potential . they d almost given up hope until my father had something at the door one night . he d rushed to open it only to find my unconscious body across the still wearing the same clothes i d had on the night i . yet for me it had only been a few . those around me had tried to coax the information in the gentle ways aware of my ordeal but i was just as . any memory of my extended absence had been scrubbed from my brain . a psychologist that my had taken me to that i had blocked them from my mind for the of psychological self preservation . the only thing i could recall was the pale lady with her as clouded as a corpse s smiling at me with her hand poised out to meet mine . i saw her every time i closed my . although my family were elated to have me home there was a wariness in their whenever they at me . they had tried to resume our ordinary life but it hung over us all like a dark cloud through which no light could permeate . in a strange way i found myself missing her . despite my instinctive unease at her uncanny appearance she made me feel safe . she t walk on around me afraid of some dormant trauma . she d acknowledged me in a way they t even before this had . little did i that she was far from being done with me . it had been nearly two after i d back into existence the tidal wave of to a trickle . i found myself lying awake again my trained on the ancient cuckoo clock positioned on the outside landing that was visible through the crack of the half open door watching as the arm wound towards midnight . a sonorous cry pierced through the night air my heavy jolting open . i tried to ease the pain in my chest by telling myself it was just a fox . i out of my bed towards the window my knocking together as i forced myself to look outside . there she stood on the gravel lined driveway smiling up at me . she the exact way she had on the day we had first met only this time she t alone . as i into the blanketing dark i saw that she was flanked by two massive bestial that behind bowed at her like trained dogs . long sharp bristled around their . through the of concrete and glass i her voice as clear as day . my child my little one why did you leave ? you were so happy with me . her dulcet voice fogged my brain reason . nothing else but her . your family will never love you the way i do . i m the only mother you will ever need . come back to me . her me away from the window and towards the door . be with me . be my son . my trembling hand inched towards the door handle . the thought she had seeded in my head up into a soaring stalk . i found myself wanting it more than anything to go back with her to wherever she d taken me to for over a month . light exploded into the room . my father stood in the doorway his face frantic . he an aluminium baseball bat one that was only away from smashing into the side of my skull . he to this his iron grip around the handle . i something i t know what it was he out are you alright ? my mouth fell open . she i pointing to the window . but the woman along with her two inhuman had in the light leaving only the raised along my skin . i had a nightmare . his face crumpled in broken relief and the baseball bat he d been to the floor . he me into his arms . my boy he into my neck . as his through my hair i numb to his touch . i in the brief second when my father had switched the light on before the white eyed woman had how her expression had when my father had into my room . she had switched from a look of maternal devotion to the most hateful expression i had ever seen on another living person . the strained mask of civility she wore had slipped from her face her white burned like twin and her full dark red slide backwards to reveal teeth far too big for her mouth that her to breaking point . she like she to rip him apart . the following did little to erode the memory of it . those missing days are still a blank i have no idea where i was or how i to escape from her . i still don t know her name . although i lived in fear of it she never to me again and for that i m grateful . but i never stopped seeing her on crowded streets where a platinum haired woman by brushing against my shoulder in the process i flinch . or sometimes i see her gaze out from behind a tree on a dark isolated road illuminated by the full of my . but age me wisdom and with it a horrible revelation . i had long since why she had selected me out of everyone else when my had been so much and . then i that my and sister were all older than twelve being in middle school at the . she had a child one to take as her own . she d had probably stalked me from afar like a lioness after a wounded gazelle me in with the sweet i d been desperate for before finally striking . she with a trained intent as if she d done it many times before . i t the first child she took and i t be the last . maybe it was for the best that i can ' t remember what . she s still out there somewhere . and what s worse still there s more of her kind out there whatever she is to aid her in her twisted to take them to whatever nightmare she came from . but the thought that me the most is that her next victim won t be able to escape from her like i did and they be the one to find out what she s really capable of . nothing a father s heart more than listening to the melody of his child s laughter . i am no exception to the rule . s gullible sweet little smile is the most valued possession in my otherwise miserable life . her happiness is like a drug to my ever craving soul she could go on giggling at one of my stupid dad for uninterrupted . she could be laughing like crazy to one of those pull my finger she would see on a show . she could be secretly smirking at her mother s funny pronunciation of the word while her mother dejectedly yes real funny ness . now be done with your dinner quick ! . she could be smiling endlessly but i can never have enough of her happiness . i cannot afford for my daughter to not be happy never ! not just because i love her more than any father can ever love his child . because i know the of she can unwittingly do when she s sad . i am aware of the terrible that can happen if my ness crying . i do not look forward to hearing the sound of my daughter bawl and i especially don t look forward to hearing her pause midway between her when she d meet my gaze and coldly deliver the painful blow right to my paper thin heart . i m sorry father . i certainly did not look forward to her saying that . like every other time it had in the past i had no idea what had her to well . for all i knew she should done anything but cried ! i had just shown her the movie she had kept me about for . we had had dinner at her favorite fast food place and if that for dinner in your book . and at the end of our father girl night out i had her two of her favorite honey berry ice cream instead of the usual one . gee thanks daddy ! she had proudly beamed at me . god how much did i cherish that strawberry smile of hers ? everything was all and until i her in bed . she had no reason to cry we even read a chapter of the diary of a book she so ! but then right when i shut the door of her room and to head off towards mine i her crying . or if we re going for the more technical term . my heart froze . no no no this t be happening i thought to myself . but it did happen and the least i could do was take some of the grim reaper responsibility that the situation from me . sighing i the door . and there she was my darling in her state for the lack of a better word . no wait there is one what was it again ? ah right . banshee . my dear her form completely by the terrible curse that surrounded her . the jet black hat of her short hair now by long reaching platinum blonde . she had her and was wearing a dull white robe now . but the detail that the most attention was what my banshee child was doing . she was . sitting at the edge of her bed her face away from mine cupped over her face as she her teary eyed pain into her cupped . the of her loud enough to repel any stray animal that lived nearby . it s baby . i m here . who is it this time ? my daughter . she turned around her head slowly as her now bloodshot faced mine . who will it be this time i thought to myself ? the cat irene had bought her a few back ? maternal uncle sam who s down to the final stretch of his year and a half long battle against leukemia ? her great ? full respect to the iron lady but at of age she had to have had it coming sooner rather than later right ? i m sorry father . my heart . father ? that s me sweety ! are you sure ? sure about what daddy ? and just like that she was gone . banshee ness job was done i could only assume she was back in whatever spirit realm she had come from . staring at me now was my black haired blue eyed sans baby girl sitting at her bed in her . why am i awake daddy ? i thought you had sung me off to sleep . huh ? oh right the poor child had no recollection whatsoever of everything that had . ah it was nothing sweety . you just had a bad dream . i intended to keep her unaware . really ? huh . i don t remember any . hey maybe i m lucid ? she her at me . maybe sweetheart . i . if you are a lucid dream you don t want it to end so fast right ? right . well sweet other daddy ! she was by every film she watched and in that character s phase at least until a week . i t have shown her that movie . then again i t have much time left to take annoyance to her new found phase . right dear . sweet honey i shut the door as i braced myself for the real life nightmare that me . morgan fletcher . . aged . . part time teacher at the high . loving father . ex husband i m sure irene my ex wife would love to add to that description . in peace here . just the very thought of my obituary sent a wave of bile up my throat . my head went back to the first encounter i had had with her my daughter s form . one fine weekend we had been watching and jerry on our couch when i first her let out that ear piercing cry . i m sorry she had said back then . of course at the time i was more worried about the physical appearance side of than trying to decipher the true meaning behind my daughter s weird apology . and when she had she had no recollection whatsoever of anything that had . i had tried to pry her but that only to make her more upset so i gave it a rest . irene had me two days later to inform that her perfectly healthy year old father had to a heart attack on the previous night . i t sure what to make of the eerie coincidence but i knew that breaking out s story to her would only complicate with my already complicated ex wife . i did my own research . that s how i came across the term banshee a running curse in origin where a certain condition satisfying born first girl child is gifted with the divine of being a harbinger to a family member s imminent demise . so yeah . apparently my darling girl was just suffering from some grim reaper family curse . nothing to be particularly worried about right ? i mean it s not like she s the one causing the herself . of course it s an entirely different story when you re on the other side of it . i t that until now . prior to this i had had five with banshee . the spirit had never been hostile or otherworldly savage towards me she simply the job that her curse to do and once that was done i d have my daughter back . a job that unfortunately she was rather good at up until this point her strike rate was a perfect five on five . four of her five had been for people from irene s side of the family there was her father one of her diabetes a distant cousin accident and the most recent and the most tragic instance of a nine year old niece the poor child had in a river . as surprising as it might sound but this was actually the first time she had for someone from my side of her family . not too surprising my had both before was born and they were pretty much the only family i had . except ness obviously . another family that i soon was going to lose . at least within the next twenty four if the past meant anything . that s another observation i d come up with each of the people whose name in had met their fate within approximately the time span of the next day . technically i could be an exception . i was after all the first paternal family member she had for . maybe just maybe could be different for me . i t get my too high though . her fifth successful had been for chester our dear old . the greedy old son of a bitch had himself in an unfortunate attempt at through a box full of dark . i still remember how depressed was in his wake . if only she knew her had worked for an entity even beyond the literal blood . what were my odds ? stupid as it might sound but i spent the first half hour of the rest of my life trying to actually figure out those said odds . post those mathematical obviously another hour went wasted as i drank myself off to s born to die vinyl . midway through the title track s bridge i weeping . my miserable year old life right before my . so many so many unfinished i had . no i t just let it end like this . so i a bucket list for the last of my life . i d end my existence on my own . at least as much as i could . crossing the first item of the list was somehow the easiest and yet the most difficult task . the next morning i drove over to irene s to drop . i know morgan what was all that loving father rant in the beginning about if you re not spend the dying of your life with your darling daughter ? believe me it really was a tough call to make but think about it do any of you really want your child to be around when you know you re about to die ? i m not talking death from some terminal illness no but the kind of death that just you randomly and your life even before you have a clue as to what just ? you want your year old daughter to go through that kind of trauma ? i sound awfully insensitive . i m sorry . i don t mean to come off as this ignorant jerk who s oblivious to the of around him because i am not that kind of a person . it s just that talking about all those painful i think it a really unfeeling side of my character . i gave ness a long timed hug before her go . she cast a confused glance in my direction . gee daddy you know that i be here just for this one weekend right ? you look really emotional ! . my darling girl . she did not deserve to suffer . and i t let her suffer not financially at least . back in our house i had already pinned a copy of my will that ness all of my wealth . t all that much but i to ensure that she had some minimum financial support to achieve her life . you know morgan it t kill you to make a call in advance if you got these unexpected . even in my near death state it was foolish of me to expect any sort of empathy from irene . i . no morgan . don t be a spiteful prick in the final of life . i in irene for an awkward hug decidedly more awkward for her than it was for me . take good care of our irene . be the best mother to her . get off your ganja morgan . honestly what have you yeah honey ? don t worry it s my ex husband . i be right back . she had a guest . a male one if i had to guess . why t that surprise me ? go . she the door plumb on my face . i m way too good at i sang to myself . item number one on the list . check . item number two went much more smoothly . a first ever roller coaster ride . judge me all that you want but that s how uninteresting my life had been . up until this ride at least a ride where i off just about every passenger with my shrill and reckless screaming . and as a cherry on this already embarrassing sundae the moment my its end i threw up all over my crisp white shirt . i t help but grin at the out on my passenger s . i don t care if it s disgusting people ! i thought to myself . guess what ? i m dying it t bother me if my throw up you retch . i m just thankful that my hernia t act up on this wacky ride . ! the whole thing with the throw up was a godsend because it just made the third item on my list more fun getting a ! i into the mall wearing just a cut sleeved sweater over my upper body . more and from the people . oh how much i every bit of the attention ! i left the store dressed in a tacky double breasted hideous lime green suit which had set me back by a thousand . my five year old beard and mustache were leaving my chiseled exposed to the cold air . i had my glasses too gone were those broad rimmed matte black that made me look like a . these cat eyed cherry red rimmed so much better . daddy ? i could hear ness squeak as she tried to hide her laughter . you look like willy minus the top hat ! gay willy that is irene added . seek help morgan . i could only smile at their imaginary innocuous . morgan fletcher was already dead to me . this man here living the final of his life he was . . but my call me . i myself on the karaoke stage . and then my pathetic baritone obviously not meant for singing voice totally wham ! s careless whisper . it felt bad to make a mess of such an amazing song i felt somewhat guilty when a gay couple a couple of particularly nasty in my direction . i m sorry and . rip . then again i d soon be joining them . it s only fair that i got the chance to cross the last item off my list . i d have to breathe my final breath back in the of my cozy home but i was too to drive . even if i could i had just given away my prius and its to some hobo what can i say ? in my drunken stupor i had totally bought into all those charity before you meet so i t have the to head back there . take an i hear you say ? well i knew that i was die . it t look good on my conscience to wittingly get some innocent harmless cabby involved with the post insurance . so no pass . instead like some fool i kept exhausting the final of my on booze . the would try to stop i d tip her with a big bill . the other kept shooting pitiful in my direction . but i was already past the point of humility . because i had just added a new point to my list die on my own . and so i would do literally . how ? simple . i would kill myself off alcohol poisoning . my vision had already to blur when he took the seat next to me on the counter . and the moment he did i knew my end was near . up until this point i had tried to pass up his apparent omnipresence as mere incidence . back in irene s driveway when i was reversing my prius . back in the roller coaster sitting right behind me . back at the hairdresser s hidden behind a copy of entertainment weekly as his black straight into my soul . and here he was now . his black leather busily tapping on the wooden counter . his enticing jet black meeting those of the . fate had finally found me . and his voice was all i . i think i have a glass of water . ho he added nonchalantly . he turned in my direction . curled in a handsome smile . how about you pal ? that i d get what i deserve . ah what the hell why not ? i have ho too . the instantly hit me with a half filled glass of the transparent fluid . i it down in one gulp . and then everything went dark . oh i believe in yesterday the static sound of s me . i was riding shotgun in a car . he was driving . just in time mate . you don t miss the talk . out of all the up that had been happening until now this was the one that me the most why was death talking in an dialect ? not that i d mention that to him of course . not unless i wished to be as some insignificant microorganism being . come now . it s be one ride if s the only one that talking . so any ? there s a shadow hanging over me . yes . i do have a few . i t finish reading gone girl . . yeah that s a bummer . lucky for you we got a whole library full of lined up here . you can read all the that you want to . really ? oh yes we got that . while we re at it why don t i also look at getting your old high school job back ? now i long for yesterday you re screwing with me . the least i can do after you screwed with me . i spent two whole waiting at that dingy library you know . so much for read . don t die a fool . you can t just cross out like that mate . suddenly i m not half the man i used to be it had right after i off the coaster . come on morgan . don t pass on your final being some book reader i had convinced myself . go have some fun ! and fun i had had at the expense of another item on my list . read . don t die a fool . i out . in those dying of life i to shed off my true identity . i was tired of living the good well read intellectual man life . i to breathe my last breath as this i to my comical attire . this whacky crazy life of the party kind of guy . life of the party death . sure why not if your party is one with ? . i . it was good to have some closure before i on to whatever other realm me . it s all good though . long as you had fun . no . right ? ping ! i could feel my head buzz as it loading the from my day . a scornful stare from an old hag of a woman as i got off that roller coaster in my vomit covered state . some ill mannered brat about my s age a look of amusement on his face as he at my stupid lime green jacket . the gay couple from the bar their rolling as i off the stage after my careless demolition . the a sly grin on her face as i slipped her an umpteenth hundred dollar bill . pity . disgust . ridicule . that s how morgan would go down . now it as though they re here to stay i wish i could say that . but in the process of myself i ended up doing something i t want to . i made a complete fool of myself ! i m an idiot . that s it all my life i tried to overcompensate trying to be this big ruminative philosopher . in reality i m just a big fat phony who no idea about what he should actually be doing ! that ho thing i d drank at the bar must have been causing me to loosen up . i had never been this open about my and . until now . or maybe that s just the kind of aura death . i t find out . . well you hold on to that thought . anything else you d like to add ? now i need a place to hide away . i have been damn irresponsible to my baby . i her of the truth . at a time when i should been the best father to my child i her . you had your . maybe . but she the truth . not from her mother or some friend she for a random but from her father the man who her the most . i had a big responsibility breaking such an important secret out to her . and i just abandoned her . dear lord what have i done to my baby death ? ah well . fretting won t do any good now . you just kill yourself that way . that one for a stare . i obliged . oh right . sorry about that . well we re almost home . let s try for one more shall we ? you find this amusing . on how the player s . don t flatter yourself morgan you re doing just average . why she had to go i don t know she t say that s what she said . death gave me a nasty glance . what ? irene . the reason we t together . just left me a voice mail the morning she left that she was with my passiveness . she said she could do better . i always felt like she blamed for our you know our intimacy . i mean i think that s unfair we were bedtime long before she was born . but that s basically how we had she just told me she t happy and we . . and you don t feel good about it ? i admit that i was a much better single dad to than i was when me and irene were together . she needs a certain amount of and attention and i m not sure if me and irene could done that if we were married . it s just that the thing with irene it just and i never tried to reconcile connect or resolve any of those . i don t know why but i can t help but feel that if i d had some closure with her maybe we could dealt with this better you know . and her oh yeah i know . but you know what they say could would should . i stayed silent . ho had lost its effect . alright now . hold tight . this one s a particularly lean stretch . death down . i could feel his on my face . i turned to face him . he . i back . and then he cracked into a hysterical cackle . what ? i had to ask . you re right morgan . you are a fool . a idiot and a big one at that . gee . thanks for the reassurance . oh we ' soon see if you be me trust me . now giddy up mate . i knew something was amiss here something really important . but as death hit the race on his car the only thing i could process was those final beautiful in s voice . oh yesterday came suddenly i t sure what to expect when i d open my . and i t excited when i saw her . or rather her . daddy . you re up . my vision to clear . heaven hell or whatever this god forsaken realm was awfully familiar . as did the face of my child standing right next to me . a cup of straw in her . ? how come you re here ? drove me . she s here too but she t want to meet you while you re . irene s here ? wait where am i ? this this is heaven right ? let out a small giggle . what s funny ? i . you said heaven like help when minus the sound . but it s haven . like hay when . you sound like when she potato . another giggle . po to . how does she say that ? potato ? heaven ? haven ? what was going on ? even before i could start any of those a searing pain shot up in my head . for a couple of i thought they were burning the good off my head . but as time went on and my daughter t just disappear right before my a realization hit me . i knew this pain t something i experienced often but one that i d had the misfortune of enduring several times in my life . a pain that just about every self loathing mortal my age is somewhat familiar with . the pain of waking up with a head splitting . her meek little in my direction . want milk ? no i m good sweety . so this place we re home ? like our home ? . where s your car we t see it in the driveway ? hold up hold up . so you and mommy downstairs you re real right ? . yeah . huh i think i know why t want to sweety what time is it ? like what date and what time ? it s in the morning dad . and the date s my head for a solid minute doing the math . and then it figured . exactly two days since i d wail for me . i had lived . i t . death had me . holy mother of god ! i tried off the bed only to succumb to the grasp of my headache . i slipped on the floor just about certainly cracking one of my teeth . almost at the sight of my bloodied smile but i stopped her right in time . no no ness don t scream ! oh no you poor bastard you have any idea how much trouble daddy had to go through because of your stupid ? come now help your old man get off the floor ! she dragged me against the wall of the bed as i sat with my back arched straight on the hardwood floor . once set i smothered her in a bear hug . gee daddy you seem really happy for a man who t know where his car is . ness no more talking about the car or the crap load of money daddy busted his hump on last night . from now on you re just going to listen . daddy a lot of to tell you honey . for daddy to say sorry for trying to leave you with that bitch mother of yours . daddy that it never happen again no matter how bad look daddy s always be there to solve help you with your . and secondly and listen carefully this is important daddy a secret to tell you . it s about a curse you got don t worry baby i swear to that it s not kill you but it s time that you know that great . just great morgan . irene s condescending voice cut off our father daughter moment . a forty something drunk dad right into the of your year old daughter . where exactly do you get off calling me the bad parent ? crap . just when i was about to make right . go wait downstairs ness . i be there soon . one command from her mother and she was gone . irene shut the door . are you out of your mind morgan ? you have any idea the kind of example you re setting with your behavior ? drunken late night gambling your car right in front of her do you have any sense at all ? and what s all this i m hearing about this strange curse and killing ? tell me at once what the hell s going on with you morgan fletcher ? i . give it a rest irene please . it s nothing the curse is a father girl code we have when you visit . and i t gamble last night . or even misplace my car for that matter i gave it away to some homeless guy . you did what ? i told you i look let s not play this the way irene . my head s literally . i wasted a ton of money on that i m now starting to regret listen i had a really tough day alright ? let s talk when i m feeling a bit better . my half foot shorter wife right my nose her angry almost leaving a burn on my skin . it s funny that even after two of separation i found her up so adorable . maybe because it me of my dear ness . the sky blue the jet black mane of hair her griffin like nose her cherry all that she had from her mother . come to think of it she had just about none of my physical . her complexion had no iota of color to it even though i her father had a natural complexion . in fact for a girl her age ness was quite short considering how tall i and irene relatively were . a burning realization to pore its way into my heart . you re right morgan . you are a fool . a idiot and a big one at that . no no this t be . please don t be . irene back a sob before she the mind numbing blow . you think you had a tough day ? you think you have had a tough day morgan ? she my heart to a stop . then you better listen what to me . my milkman just dead at my front porch this morning . just like that right in front of my ! " the last thing i before passing out was that sickening cackle from death . endless a few ago i left my dream job . it s something i never thought i d do . this was supposed to be a career until the day i retired . now everything ! ever since i was in school which is going back almost twenty now i knew what i to do when i was older . while my and all chose fairly normal such as or i felt a deep desire to work at sea . i t know or care so much how i ended up there but i just felt a connection with the vast of water that surround our planet . i settled on the navy originally thinking that it would be the perfect way to get out into the great unknown . i even went as far as going to the recruitment office and speaking with an enthusiastic member of staff . i was told of the i would visit the i would have and the that i would ultimately end up with . it certainly like the perfect solution and i would have up there and then were it not for the fact i t quite old enough to join . instead i made a pact with myself that as soon as i left school this would be the path that i would follow . over the following i studied hard determined to secure the i d require for my upcoming career and then purely by chance another opportunity fell into my lap . i should have probably before now but i lived on a remote island which is perhaps where my fascination for the sea was born . the island community that i to had primarily two main of employment . you either worked in the oil sector or the fishing industry . every other business on the island was designed to support or benefit from one of these two . one seemingly innocuous day i was round at a house after school a new video game had bought for him . his father had come in to check if we a drink and we had got talking . i discovered he was a fisherman and when i expressed my desire to work at sea he to be genuinely interested . i went on to tell him of my visit to the navy office and he agreed that it was indeed a potentially good choice for my future . he then me a question the answer to which i t even considered before now . " have you ever been out on the water ? some folk suffer from terrible crippling sea sickness when they re out there . " i must admit that i felt a bit foolish to admit that the thought t even crossed my mind . i think my embarrassment was obvious as my face and he gave me a sympathetic look . " i tell you what . come back and see me tomorrow and i see if i can get you out on the boat with us for a few days . you need to make sure it s alright with your first though . " i remember home and excitedly explaining this proposition to my who after some convincing agreed to let me go . within a couple of i was a bag for a three day trip at sea . the day finally and as i stood there for permission to come aboard i knew this was where i . i was completely green but the captain would give me some simple to carry out so i could get a feel for working on the while not being completely useless . and so my love affair with the and of the world . the navy plan was abandoned in of the smaller more tight knit of fishing . work was but the wages made it all . i forged strong with my crew and it i had found a career for life . chapter i would go on to spend the next twenty working aboard a variety of of sizes and . some were large and modern while had been in service for and were so cramped that you would be living on top of one and other at all times . the only time you d ever be alone with your would be when you were sat in the tiny toilet cubicle crude i know but it s the truth . as vast and seemingly empty as the are you rarely feel alone out there . a decent crew are like your second family and you often spend more time with these people than your partner and . it s a unique bond you share born from your time on the working together . you quickly form lasting with these people once you that more often than not your very life itself is on them . unfortunately like any walk in life you always get the odd bad egg . someone that just t wired quite right and to make your life that little bit more difficult simply by . in most land based it s usually just a case of keeping your distance and them . this can be a little more tricky at sea when you re all cramped in a cabin barely an arms length away from each other . but i m getting ahead of myself . first i need to explain what led to me making the decision to never return to the water . chapter six ago i was on a small vessel with a crew of seven other men . most of us had worked together for a while and our were like a well oiled machine . we worked efficiently and there was rarely any tension . our captain was an experienced stereotypical grizzled man spent more than i can imagine out on the vast blue wilderness . his white beard and rough wrinkled skin told of a thousand in the most remote of earth . it was a good crew and we were looking set to earn a healthy wage packet upon our return to dry land . all in all it should have been a standard trip one we had done many many times before . the only thing that made this trip slightly different was a late addition to the crew . was a relatively inexperienced young man . early and it all i m sure you know the type . he had only been out once before with another crew and for all and was as green as a tree . he was the nephew of the wife and i suspect that is the only reason he had found himself amongst our on that day taking the spot away from another more experienced crewman no doubt . it t the end of the world though we were all new at some point and learning the ropes had to start somewhere . he was immediately assigned to the menial that none of us doing . this may sound unfair but we had all had to do in our early days . this is just one of the unwritten when you work aboard a vessel . everybody must serve their time and earn there position . experience when you re out on the if not of from help if something were to go wrong . this particular trip was for two with our fishing grounds being roughly two hundred west of the in the atlantic ocean . i won t bore you with maritime surrounding fishing but suffice to say the are strict . you have that cannot be you can t go and a million other that you must adhere to or face a wage fine . the first few days without incident . we worked hard ate in the evening and what little sleep we could until it was time to go to work once more . to adapt well to his new surroundings and assigned at first . he was diligent and on the job at hand . sadly this would not last and by day four he had to grow complacent and unfocused . where before he would make great effort to keep pace with the rest of us he now to slow down . he would randomly abandon his more interested in what were doing and loudly that he had been with the worst . how the crew should all take turns doing the various and share the burden . this went down with the crew about as well as you probably imagine it did . now when i said we were like a well oiled machine before this was entirely on everyone doing there part . as soon as one cog working it everything else off of sync . was the wobbly cog in this metaphor . we would all regularly direct him back to his post explaining over and over that every time he abandoned his post it was costing the operation money and directly affecting his own wage . sadly this would fall on deaf most of the time and i could see beginning to rise with the rest of crew . there are few worse than on a small fishing vessel . the tight and long work magnify even the of and by day seven we were all at breaking point . the captain took aside and sternly him that his disruptive behaviour t be and his career at sea would be short lived if he t fall i line . this to do the trick . . . for a while at least . chapter before i continue there is something you need understand about a fishing vessel or any working and at sea . there are a lot of dangerous moving in operation at all times . when working around this machinery you have to be constantly vigilant . provided you show the equipment respect it will work for you and not against you . even the lapse in concentration can end in disaster . i seen sliced off in the blink of an eye crushed for simply being in the wrong place at the wrong time and the obvious one people overboard into the icy cold . thankfully as horrible as these could be we had not lost any up to this point . at this point we had four days left at sea before with our bountiful haul . it had been a productive yet difficult trip thanks mainly to our disruptive addition to the crew . still the end was in sight and to be lifting as the thought of home to a warm bed and the embrace of were almost within touching distance . we just had to get through those last four days ! decided this would be a good time to ramp up the annoyance level and all but the he had been to . his complete lack of respect for the of the vessel were on show for all to see . one of our crew was a large looking . we simply to him as and despite his menacing size he was actually a gentle well mannered man . we had worked together several times over the and i d rarely seen him so much as raise his voice in anger to anyone . that was until our crewman decided to take issue with the big man . a key part of the loading process a large crane and winch . it s a noisy dirty and dangerous job as of fish are brought aboard throughout the day . was in charge of this very important part of the operation and he took his job very seriously constantly conscious and vigilant to the involved . it was around and we were all on deck carrying out our various as the icy atlantic spray soaked us with each wave . the sun had not yet risen over the horizon although you could see daybreak t far off . at least when daylight it a little warmer even if in reality it t at all . had been late rising from his bunk and as a result of this had breakfast . maybe this was why he decided to start an argument with who . tired and cold though this was possibly the worst time for him to pick a fight . i the start of the altercation . the first i knew of their being a problem was when i raise his voice . over the i only seen him angry a handful of times and you knew when he was because he would revert to his native tongue . as i aware of what was happening a across the deck to see towering above his face red with anger as he for the smaller man to leave him alone . " go just go ! tu do your job " considering the difference in size filled with his own arrogant self importance as he puffed out his chest and to make himself seem than he was . i with my other before i to make my way over to diffuse the situation . what next went down so quickly i barely even had time to react . exploded with rage pushing his enormous frame barely even moving . the big man at him for a moment and burst out laughing at his pitiful attempt . this only to anger further his small arms suddenly swinging wildly as he to land a blow while did his best to avoid him . i can say hand on heart that the big never once to physically retaliate . during this one sided melee lost his footing on the wet slippery deck . as he to fall he thrust his arms out desperately trying to grab something anything that would keep him upright . in a case of of terrible luck his hand found the control levers for the crane . before could react had down hard which the large boom arm to lurch wildly across the deck . prior to this nonsense i had been in the middle of the winch back up when i d been forced to leave my post to deal with the fight . as a result of this a large iron chain had been left untethered and was now whipping dangerously over all of our . completely oblivious to the hazard he had just t see what was approaching him at a high rate of speed . i out to try and warn him but to no avail . by the time he his footing it was to late . he was violently hit by the runaway chain ! his body crumpled in an instant as he was off of his . he like a small toy a dog would play with as he was toward the edge of the vessel entirely weightless . i don t think he even had time to scream as the air was from his and in a brief moment he was gone overboard into the cold that surrounded us . chapter we all immediately into action . a man overboard is a matter of life and death and every second . the alarm was and a life belt was sent flying into the below . landed around ten from the vessel his body rising and falling beneath the illuminated only by the search . the scene was chaotic crew were shouting and darting around as the captain to turn the boat of the rough . for anyone with a basic understanding of the physics of a boat you will be aware that your vessel port or starboard against a swell can be dangerous . it s always far more stable to face the head on unless absolutely necessary . this was an emergency though and the risk to life the dangerous . as soon as we the turn i instantly felt the boat lurch violently and was forced to brace myself . i was struggling to keep on his body now to around twenty from our position . he t appear to be moving and i knew we were running out of time . while was a very real concern there is a secondary danger that many t even consider . the average water temperature for our particular location was a bone chilling degree or if that is you preferred method of measurement . the initial shock of water that cold can send the body into shock and exposure will quickly cause the shutdown of your vital . had now been in the water for around two and time was fast running out . while had been rough prior to him going overboard it now like they had . the were cresting higher the wind had picked up to a howl and the vessel was being thrown around like it weighed absolutely nothing . finally we were correctly and the boat engine as we toward our fallen crewman . i stood motionless my fixed on . " fifteen and . . . ten . . . . . . all stop ! " another life ring and guide rope was toward the motionless body . he made no attempt to reach for them his unconscious body bobbing and dipping on the surface . was leaning over the side braced by the rest of the crew as he tried desperately to reach the lost soul . it still t enough and we were going to lose him . i knew what to be done ! chapter i double checked my life jacket and took a deep breath . my heart was racing and i felt like i was going to be sick . " i m going in for him " i as loud as i could . the men back at me fear and panic in their before nodding solemnly . i m not a religious man but i won t lie i said a little prayer before i left the relative safety of that deck . without myself any more time to talk myself out of it i swung my over the side and with one final gulp of air i myself forward . although i knew what to expect and have had numerous of survival training for the exact situation nothing quite you for the moment you hit that icy cold water . the air was from my instantly as i beneath the surface . panic and disorientation set in straight away as i and swam as hard as i could to get my head above water . a strange thing when you re submerged in near complete darkness . it s suddenly very difficult to get your and something so basic as up is no longer a simple direction to ascertain . the thought briefly my mind that i might even be swimming toward certain death my quickly as a caught a glimpse of the search light on the surface as the crew for me . i was likely only beneath the water for mere but to me it felt so much longer . i broke through the water into the chilly morning air gasping for breath and internally any greater power that may be listening for keeping an eye on me down there . now that i was alive i cast my toward the shape bobbing on the water a few from me . the clock was ticking and we both to get out of here right now . my as i to swim toward . i knew there was a very real chance i was about to meet a corpse but whether or not that was the case i would not leave a man behind . after what felt like an age i was within grasping distance of him . i wrapped my now numb around the neck of his bright orange life jacket and with all of my might . " ! can you hear me ? c mon buddy you have to help me here ! " i my voice barely audible over the that battered us both . was facing away from me and i remember wanting to check on him but i was struggling to keep a grip of his jacket while afloat . i d get him on board first and then we could do what to be done . in my peripheral vision i saw another guide line thrown by the crew with a ring attached . i desperately for it with my free hand my head briefly dipping into the icy once more . with in one hand and the ring in the other i turned my attention back toward my stricken crewman . i will never forget what i saw in the following for as long as i live . was now looking right at me his wide with fear . he was trying to say something but no sound was coming from his mouth . " i got you pal just in there . i m not let go just in there ! " he t react to my as all . his expression frozen still wide and unblinking mouth still moving as he tried to force out . i with all of my strength as i tried to bring and the life ring together . he felt unnaturally heavy his body refusing to shift even a little despite my straining . something felt very wrong here yet i t work out why . at that moment the sun to appear over the distant horizon . light slowly filling the vast emptiness of the ocean around us . the crew more line and i the ring to s side . i to wrap my around his body the extra buoyancy from the ring me to briefly stop kicking . it was at this exact moment that two that i cannot explain . with roughly of empty desolate abyss below me i did not expect to meet any solid resistance as i wrapped myself around yet that s exactly what . i made contact with something solid . it felt like concrete and i as i felt the flesh on my shin tear . at this very moment expression to one of absolute terror and he his mouth to speak once more . " it won t let me go ! you have to get out of here now ! " his voice was clear and calm the cacophony of the to fade as he said these to me . in an instant he was from my grip his body disappearing straight down beneath the surface . i t understand what was happening but a feeling of absolute dread filled every ounce of my being . shivering and exhausted i let go of the life ring and beneath the . i could see his descent deeply unnatural as he locked with me . just beyond his rapidly vanishing body i saw something else as well . in the endless darkness below i could see a shadow . whatever it was this creature was enormous at least fifty across . this thing had and there was nothing i could do . i watched for a moment longer as he into the darkness below his locked on mine until he was gone into the forever . i don t think i ever swam faster than i did that day as i made my way back to the vessel . my heart pounding being forward on adrenaline and instinct alone . chapter the following involved various and endless . the mounted several for a body but nothing was ever . i knew it t . whatever had taken would have made sure of that . i t even know what to tell people when they what . how do you explain something like that ? ultimately it was put down to an unfortunate accident just another soul lost to the terrifying might of our . i was a hero for what i did . they said i incredible bravery by going in after and that i could have been . i t feel like a hero i was a coward . i was so of what i saw on that morning ninety from anywhere . i knew then that i would never go back out there . it been said that we know more about the surface of our moon than we do about the of water that surround our planet and now i think i understand this . there are deep untouched of our and and we have no idea what down there . what i do know is that there is something huge filled with malice and with an ancient intelligence that in the dark of the atlantic ocean . i never go near the water again i can t and you t either ! my town was definitely weird . sure every town those who smoke pot in the open with their off in a lawn chair drink next to them . but . and his were a little different . he was weird . but he was somehow even more insane . we were caught drinking a beer ding dong or really anything of slight annoyance to his twisted breakfast club he would chase us around with or or whatever object that would kill us or not . . and his t really seem to age i still remember him ago as i do today . tubby with a mean look on his face at all times . though i m not sure i d totally know that since his sun hat always covered his . around the age of or . would start to eye me more . not in a creepy way or anything more of an inspection . like he t known me my whole life . like for example whenever i took the trash out there he would be his head my way . it was hard to tell due to the not showing of his but i was pretty adamant about it . oh he s just a crazy old man my said who was waving me to go back to my room . my was always like that . really laid back and chill . though sometimes i feel that could be her biggest weakness . i thought nothing of it for a little bit . i just stopped going outside so much since i had a car i could just sprint in go do what i to and sneak my way back into the house and at least if . was looking at me i t know . one day after coming home from a long at school i was informed of something i as soon as i it . my had told me that i was going to do some housework for . . i tried to protest but t budge . i eventually gave in . i to his house as slowly and sluggishly as possible . the first thing i was this was the first time since i had here when i was a little that he t in his yard smoking . the door was cracked open so i decided to enter . . ? i out not really sure how this would start or where he even was . . . a voice from a room not too far off . though i had never his voice i could just tell it was him . something about the and deepness was creepy . though if he tried anything i doubt i would need to defend myself too harshly . when i into the room that the noise i was from i saw . and his four they were all in the room . they were all wearing the same thing they always did . it was also the first time i they all wore the same exact clothes . i stepped back that s when they all me tackling me to the ground i was trying to squirm out of it or punch them off . i found out the reason they had those on all the time their were completely pitch black . i woke up staring at the house across from me . a beer belly poking out from my once flat stomach a rolled joint in my right hand and a covering my . . part part you see money the world no matter what form or shape it comes in if it s gold or it always was like this and it always will be like this some people steal it and become rich some people work hard and get to be successful business of that worth of and then there are people like me who it must be just an idiotic game where a guy is you or making you go through stupid then you be able to win a million and go back home safe and sound with your mind intact . how this will play out i don t know . what i know for sure is that the grand prize is blood money . it is what it is and i just can t quit now i will not quit now . i need it so i can leave that god awful job and get away from all those stupid and boring people . but as the saying goes all that is not gold so i must be extremely cautious keep my and my peeled . and the last important aspect of the matter is that i should follow s just to be sure i can have a minor chance of alive and in the competition and maybe if i m skilled or lucky enough i win that cursed filled with cash . i m in my room right now and still bleeding from the the harlequin decorated my skin with . it s a good thing that i made it out alive after a fierce fight with that . . . man ? or was it not a man ? i just don t know anything . this place real and not real at the same time and the people here are not simply people i believe . am i in hell ? i m going to sleep now will update you in the morning . i hear on the door in the middle of the night i wake up and on the other side a child is crying help me i can t find my mommy ! please mister ! i m cold and afraid i want my mommy ! she . i check the time and it s am . i can t open the door it s against the . go away you re not real or if you are then you re just trying to get me to break the so i can get ! i reply sleepy and while feeling a cold wind entering the room . as i start seeing coming out of my mouth and the temperature suddenly the door is violently on with both and by whatever it is on the other side . open the door open the door open the door ! she kept on the door and i thought she s break it down . if you don t open up right now my friend hammerhead will get you on the th floor mister ! i tell him to get you good ! open up i know my mommy is under your bed . my daddy always her under the bed and he a knife ! she sounding very angry and dissatisfied with my reply . it suddenly stopped and the temperature came back to normal . i guess i m going back to bed now and hopefully nothing will interfere with my sleep as i need the rest and recovery for tomorrow morning . i wake up in the morning after my near eight hour sleep wondering what s with that little girl . did i have a dream or was she real ? i don t understand this place it like it s with your head constantly trying to get you to break the . the turns on by itself and on your first challenge . . talking about being on the edge eh ? please don t eat too much for breakfast take a shower and head to the elevator for the next challenge . i hope your stomach is ready because you have one of the best you ever had in your life it s my favorite if you don t mind me saying ! he . oh and one more thing he i must inform you that . ken sadly broke the and left the competition . there s only five of you left . i wish you the best of luck ! he his intervention as the itself off . i get out of bed and try to take a shower as best as i can . the wounds from the encounter with the harlequin are still hurting but i think i make it . i take a shower grab a quick bite and then change my clothes . i try you in real time as i move forward with hopefully the second challenge . i still have the shard from the broken cup the pen although let me rinse it a little it s still with the harlequin s blood after poking his devil out and the gun with one bullet inside . i get my blazer on and finally get my belt on my new pair of pants . i press my ear on the door and try to listen if there s any noise outside and after approximately two of not hearing anything that might disqualify me from the competition or worse get me i decide to unlock the door . i go out of the room and head to the elevator and notice a new message above its saying enjoy your lunch ! the elevator as the open and this time there s no one inside so i just push the button for the second floor but as opposed to last time this time the elevator barely the open up again quickly and the scenery is completely . i m still in the hotel but the are covered in moss and there s grass on the ground . i feel like they grew a forest inside the hotel . it all so real but how can it be ? the hallway very long so i start walking as i see in the distance and smoke coming out from behind them . i still walk and walk and then a green arrow pointing forward . after ten i start seeing the shape of a wooden hut and go towards it . the smoke is coming from its chimney and as i enter i see the fire running with a boiling over it . i then catch sight of a few strange on the dancing and eating a very big feast together with their leader who s sitting in a throne made out of human . then on the kitchen table i see raw on a wooden plate probably waiting to be green and some chopped leek . i must tell you it really good and i m starting to get hungry i haven t had some in quite a long time . i then start hearing some noise coming from outside the shack and an old woman s voice whistling and then she singing one two you love my stew ! three four you ask for more five six you lick your seven eight you celebrate nine ten you come again ! i hear the door opening and as i turn around an old hunchbacked woman is standing before me . she some dust in my face and me to sleep . i wake up pinned to a chair at the eating table but i can t move my body except my . i see the woman stirring in the lunch is ready sonny ! you love the i m sure of it . this is my special secret recipe you won t find it anywhere in the world . the taste is so good and the texture is something else . but what it this special is the meat . i have a special kind of meat that i m always for this challenge . the only person that the secret is . and he it so much that he is now it for all his meat based made in the zenith s kitchen ! she said in what to be an unending monologue as i t speak . i feel my jaw slowly and the first that come out of my mouth are i m so hungry ! please give me something to eat ! i say hearing my stomach rumbling while i breather the amazing smell that the room . she then me one serving of her stew and as i feel my can move again i start eating it . i feel like i m in a sort of trance that my hunger is not my own . i finish the plate and ask for another this is so good can i have one more please ? i say . do you remember me sonny ? i m from the elevator i hope you like this final serving because you must go back to your room . there s something big coming for all the she me as she me another serving her voice sounding like she s not one of the bad or . yes i do i reply you re the riddle woman from the elevator . what s this place ? i ask her back . this is my home inside the hotel i my world here and i m responsible for the second challenge . are you done ? she me . i can feel my now and as i look in the plate i see human and teeth and all mixed with the . i feel sick i throw up . i start crying and yelling . what s the matter . ? too much salt in the sauce ? she s me . i start running towards the door flowing down my . as i look back she laughing while sucking on an eyeball . do you want dessert ? or maybe some of this magnificent stew to go ? she me with her green glowing in the darkness of the forest . i reach the elevator and finally i m in my room again . i think that she the remains of that guy next door to me or what of him after he was eaten by whatever it was that ate him . that ken guy . i feel sick to my stomach . all these people or whatever they are are just plain crazy and sadistic . i can t leave though . i must remain calm and strong . but what the hell will i eat ? what will the next challenge bring me ? what i must endure next for that masked ball i was fifteen so and dad thought i was old enough to my and while they went on a date . on the one hand that was good that they saw me as responsible enough to be in charge while they went to the city . on the other hand i was stuck in the house on a night with four younger instead of hanging out with my . and dad had gone to see a play on broadway so it would likely be after midnight before they made it home . all in all it was probably going to be a pretty long night for me . just to give the lay of the land tara my sister was the next she was eleven . also my sister was the she was five . morgen and savanna were our they were eight and ten . after supper we d all gone to the den and they were about whether to watch twilight or harry potter . i t really care so i went to my bedroom to make a call . of course all my were at a party and t seem to have time for me so i went back to the den to see what they d decided . they were all together on the hearth well except for . she was on the couch doing something on one of their . but the other three they had their together and were whispering like they were something underhanded . what s it be ? i . the three of them . or ? you me ! savanna said . ! swear to god the three of them in harmony . y all look like the cat who ate the canary i said . what s going on ? they all sort of amongst themselves with silly on their and then as if on cue they all at me . tara said we were wondering if if we could use your board . what d you mean ? i said to lie . i don t have a board . yes you do said . she t even up from the phone she was with . it s under those in the back of your closet where you keep your diary and fancy underwear . we won t tell tara said which was significant because my minister dad had specifically forbidden me from a board and fancy underwear for that matter . we just play . yeah we just play morgen . come on savanna added . let us . nothing will happen and it be fun . never mind that little already knew what i kept in the back of my closet it a little risky to me . i was sure none of them would mean to tell but sometimes just let slip out . i feigned thought and then said i don t know that t sound like a very good idea to me . before i could try to change the subject though the three of them struck up their choral again with of aw and come on we re and w e don t watch a movie and it be fun ! i for them to quiet down and then i at . she just rolled her and continued on with whatever it was she was doing on the phone . i thought about it a little longer and then said what d you think ? would it be with you if we with it for a little while ? i don t care she said with a shrug . they don t scare me . an interesting choice of word they but she was five . i saw distant lightning out the front window and then after a moment i the low rumble of thunder . please ? savanna . you know you want to and we all promise not to tell . long and short i finally agreed . i went up to my bedroom and got the board from underneath the in the back of my closet and took it back downstairs . there was a card table in the corner of the den where to play bridge with her . i put the board there and the three older eagerly around . stayed on the couch . have any of you ever before ? i . i have morgen said but we t do it very long . me too savanna said but it was during the daytime . i at tara she just shook her head . there was a fire burning lazily in the fireplace near our table i figured it would give us just about the right amount of light . i if she minded us turning off the . she said she t care . the light were across the room next to a large cased opening that led to my dad s parlor . i over and turned off all the . just then lightning and thunder cracked much closer than before . perfect . i could feel the energy at the table once i d the all their were bright and anxious like they were that we were about to set off on a journey of unknown destination . i if they were ready they all said they were so i my to the planchette and two from each hand lightly upon it . one by one the three my lead . i d been considering how i might like to manage our little game who s name i d get the planchette to spell out . i d settled on amy winehouse mostly because i used to listen to her music and i was sure the all knew who she was . who should we try to contact ? morgen . i don t think it s for us to say savanna said . it s not i agreed and then came a large burst of lightning and clap of thunder it was too perfect . let s just see where it us . we all in on the board but then we a noise coming from the window across the room . it like a tapping light and intermittent at first but then it grew more persistent . i admit it it got my full attention and it t quit and it kept getting . finally i to poker from the hearth and across the room with the three practically to my backside . just as i made it to the window two sprang from the ground arms raised and making an awful noise . i back hard and the all . it took a second for me to reign in my fright but by the time i had i d already the as two of my from school kyle and travis . very funny . i flung the window open ready to yell at them they were doubled over with laughter . what s wrong with you two ? i . what are you doing here ? you should seen your face kyle to say through his amusement then the both of them made a mock expression of fear before with their laughter . that s not funny i . somebody might got hurt . not likely travis said unless you to stab yourself with that poker somehow . just then a bolt of lightning struck a tree right across the street i saw it and a booming burst of thunder came right on top of it . it felt like the air left the room literally . kyle and travis had wheeled around toward where the lightning had struck obviously just as as the rest of us . y all t be outside i said . it s dangerous . yeah kyle agreed . we better get going . they both back to me with those silly boy . see you travis said . or maybe sooner . piss off i at them as they to run away and just as i shut the window it to rain . little t to pay any attention to the on she was still by the phone . the other were though i could tell . it was partly from the fright of what the had done but it was partly and probably the bigger part because they d just been in the presence of two older . good looking at that . good looking older often had that effect on younger . we finally made it back to the table though and our found their way back to the planchette . there was more thunder and lightning the rain was pelting the and i moving the planchette slowly but deliberately . is there anybody there ? i . mysteriously or not the planchette came to rest over the word yes . there were anxious and nervous from around the table . who is it ? i and to move the planchette down toward the letter a for amy . the planchette t seem to want to go to the letter a though . something or more likely one of the had a different plan . still i fought to have it my way for a second but in the end i had to concede . otherwise it would been obvious i was it . the planchette all the way across the board and came to rest atop the letter n . in unison the all said it out loud in sort of a singsong voice . ey in . the planchette to move again and it t stop until it had landed on the letter a . ay . the process kept and i along . i was just a passenger on the train . tee ay ay ey in . ? morgen said . who s ? we all amongst ourselves shaking . i guess nobody was going to claim it . let s find out i said . who are you ? immediately the planchette to move . it went straight to the d there long enough for the to sing it out then it over to the e and then to the m . the had stopped singing out the by the time the planchette slid to the o however and then without any warning tara her away like the planchette had suddenly become too hot to touch . probably because she had us we all our away as well . there was a flash of lightning and then a peal of thunder . who s doing that ? savanna . tara was that you ? heck no it t me she . it was probably you . no it t . it was probably morgen said and they all to me expectantly . just then the planchette which had been resting untouched on the board for several from the o to the n . d e m o n it had all by itself . we froze all staring at the board at the planchette that had seemingly just of its own accord . savanna stood up and backed away from the table . tara who was sitting next to me took hold of my hand and it tight . morgen was looking at me by then with a little smirk on her face like she figured that i d made it happen somehow that some slight of hand had made the planchette move by itself but of course i t . i was just as much at a loss as everyone else . well little said finally breaking the silence it like there s be trouble . no sooner than she spoken there came a slapping sound from upstairs just a single slap like maybe a large piece of lumber had fallen onto the hardwood floor . we all and toward the but no other came . this t funny tara said . stop it . i m not doing it . a low moaning sound to waft down the staircase soft at first but growing . by the time it its crescendo every hair on my body was standing on end . i could feel up everywhere . morgen t have that little smirk on her face either . like the rest of us she properly frightened . maybe it s your from before she said . maybe it s those two . for just an instant my mind tried to make that true it was kyle and travis upstairs just a little joke . it would been just like them to prank us . . . but i knew better . they t have gotten in anywhere without breaking in and aside from the fact that we would them they just t do such a thing . they were definitely but they t or . just then there came another moan from up the not low and soft like before though but shrill and sharp and clipped like a trumpet . it t been a trumpet though . it had been a voice although i had to admit that it t very human . tara let out a little scream which from savanna and morgen . little had put down her phone but she t seem particularly or anything . she was just watching the four of us and looking around the room like she to see something . this is ridiculous i said and i rose from the table . don t go ! tara still holding onto my hand . i m just go turn on the . sitting here in the dark only it worse . there was the sound of the rain the soft crackling of the fire and my quiet . as i the cased opening to dad s parlor i could hear the ticking of his old grandfather clock . but then faint at first i could hear breathing soft breathing a little raspy but rhythmic and it was coming from inside the parlor . i froze just shy of the wall where the light were truly out of fear not believing i had the courage to take the final step . what was worse was that i thought i could see the outline of someone standing in the parlor someone tall and broad shouldered but featureless like a deep shadow . it t moving either it was standing perfectly still and breathing . i t get my to move so i out for the light switch . it was too far though and i almost lost my balance . just then there came a pale flash of lighting just three or four quick almost like a light . it had been enough though . i d seen it . standing there in the middle of the parlor was a man but not so much a man as a beast a hideous beast with tiny on its head and wretched skin thick arms and and a wet mouth filled with large and pointed teeth . i . i from the bottom of my to the point i thought i might pass out . i could hear the screaming from behind me as well . i doubt they d seen the creature but were probably just to me . then all the came on and i could see that there was nothing in the parlor no creature or beast no man just the furniture that was always there . you have to leave the on little said . i t even seen her standing there next to the wall with the light . they don t like the light . my heart was racing . i was still trying to calm myself from what i thought i d seen but i a reply . who t like the light ? she gave a little shrug and then said they . i felt a shiver down my spine and then i took another good look into the parlor before following back to where everyone else was . they were all sitting on the couch by then together watching me with apprehension on their . what did you see ? savanna . nothing i . i thought there was something but but you tara said . you . you must seen something . i don t want that down here morgen said toward the card table toward the board . i don t either tara said . get it out of here . throw it away . i can t throw it away i said . i was still thinking about the trouble i d be in if i got caught . i take it back upstairs . are you sure ? morgen . there s something up there those we . she was right i t really want to go upstairs . we had those and i t explain them away . just turn on all the said . you be fine . that t make any sense to me at all . of course it t but she so confident so nonchalant about it . how was it that my little five year old little sister would even have an opinion about such a thing ? up and caught me staring at her . she sort of rolled her and then said i go up with you if you want . i thought about it for a second and then said yeah why don t you . then i m going too tara said . no ! savanna and morgen said at the same time . all three of you should stay down here i said . we be right back . i could tell that they were uncomfortable with it but so what ? they were also uncomfortable with the board being down here and i d really rather put it back where it d been all this time and not causing any trouble . i up the her every light switch we until we finally made it to my closet door . as with all the rest she on the closet light and then she turned to face me . do you want me to put it in ? she . we t come across anything that would for the strange we d but that was good right ? that meant we t seen anything out of the ordinary . maybe there was a perfectly rational explanation for all of it the what i d seen in the parlor the planchette moving on its own i just t figure out what it was . no just wait right here . i do it . i was leery about going into my closet alone but i figured it was something i had to do . and dad had left me in charge after all . i to get a grip . i into the closet which was narrow and deep feeling on my arms as my clothes brushed against them . once i made it to the back i put the board back under the where it had been . it was only then though that i i had forgotten the planchette i d probably left it on the table unless . . . ? yeah ? you t bring the little pointer thing did you ? you mean the thing y all had your on while it around ? yeah . no . damn . oh well . we could bring it back up later . and dad t be home for i had plenty of time . just as i made it out of the closet though there was a powerful flash of lightning and a loud peal of thunder . a split second later all the went out . oh no we d lost power . i the scream all at once . who d stayed at the closet door just as i d her to turned on the light from the phone she d been carrying around . just then there was that same sharp clipped moan we d before . it like it had come from my room . we better go she said . they be coming . i took hold of her free hand and we carefully our way back toward the den . just as we the top of the more came from the first floor . they t little of surprise like we d a few before when the power had gone out they were deep of terror and they came one after the other . tara ! i as i down the at a run . morgen ! savanna ! nobody me though . they just kept screaming obviously by something . there was more lightning . in the i saw tara and morgen by the couch arms wrapped around each other and looking back through the dining room toward the kitchen . savanna was at the front door fumbling with the lock obviously intending to get out of the house . i knew that was a bad idea so i ran toward her . i got to her just as she to get the door open and i her by the wrist just as she stepped through the threshold . i t to grab her though she d stopped on her own . there were three in our front yard like except they t . they were washed out almost translucent and though they t walking or even touching the ground apparently they were seemingly moving in our direction . how could that be ? what were they ? where had they come from ? relevant i thought but obviously for another time . i savanna back inside the house and then i and locked the door . morgen and tara were still screaming so i went to them next . they were truly hysterical saying something about a man . . . a man . . . a thing . . . the kitchen ! i tara by the arms and gave her a good shake . she but she finally me in the eye . tell me i . what s wrong ? what did you see ? we went to the kitchen to get a flashlight and there was a man . there s a man in the kitchen ! she said to speak through her . it s not a man ! morgen spat out . it s it s a a demon ! tara and morgen t shut up . still i could hear from the kitchen and the sharp moaning sound kept coming at us from upstairs . there were at the front door too and the scratching like something was trying to claw its way inside . through all that however all those ghoulish and screaming the thing that had caught my attention was little . she was sitting at the card table her phone resting beside her with the light still on and she to be a conversation . her like they were on the planchette and she was a conversation . through all the madness about me i felt drawn to her to little sitting there at the card table . i that way with tara to my arm and morgen to her with savanna s arms wrapped around my waist from behind . en masse we all to the card table to see about little . i d been right about one thing her were up on the table but her t actually touching the planchette . instead they were hovering over it following it around the table as it from one spot to the next . she was talking too though for the life of me i t know with whom . she kept saying like that s not right and you can t do that and that s not fair you re cheating . finally and in a voice i t quite recognize she said that s it ! i m tell ! the planchette sat still for just a second or two and then it flew off the table and into the wall . gave her little head a slow shake and then she at me . they re gone she said . they won t bother us . it was only then i that all the bizarre had stopped no more scratching at the front door or no moaning from upstairs no more racket from the kitchen . aside from the hopeful whimpering from the the house was perfectly quiet . got up from her chair and picked up the planchette gave it a quick look and then it in the fire . no ! tara . you can t burn it ! it s bad luck or something ! hardly acknowledged her . she gave a little shrug and then she picked up her phone from the table back to the couch and sat and her game . we all just stood there not knowing what in the world to make of everything we d just seen and with our own and . the house stayed quiet and though i had no idea why i was coming to feel a confidence in what had told us that they were gone and t bother us . it was eerie but the feeling was strong like it had weight behind it . after a minute or so i prying myself loose from the . what are you doing ? tara her voice filled with anxiety . i m go check the kitchen i . just to be sure . no ! she stated . don t go ! stay with us ! it s fine i be fine . it took a little and a lot of but i finally convinced them . i think they that would be with them and at this point a was better than a . anyway the flashlight on my phone i made my way to the kitchen and around . there was nothing there i even checked the pantry . either because i thought it necessary or because i was foolish i t say for sure which one i took the back hallway and came around the house the other way . i t hear a single unusual sound or see a single thing out of the ordinary . i even went into dad s parlor and had a look there was nothing there . i made it back to the den and decided to put another log on the fire it was burning pretty low . once i d gotten it situated i the rest of the on the couch . after a minute or so savanna when will uncle dan be home ? i at the clock on my phone it was only ten thirty . it be a little while yet . do you think the power will stay out much longer ? morgen . it s hard to say maybe not . that was about it nobody else to have anything to say for the next little while . we all just stayed put there on the couch waiting anxiously but patiently for and dad to get home . in at age seventeen i was visiting a cabin by the of my at the time . the cabin is deep in the of an area known as . there was a lot of snow that day and i clearing a path from the small dirt road up to the cabin . we made a fire in the fire place and a nice dinner together . i felt as relaxed as i ever been and since the cabin is surrounded by nothing other than a small field and there was a complete silence around us . whenever a car would pass you could hear it away . later that evening we drank some coffee some and watched generic game show and about ten ten thirty my went to bed . my an i was going to sleep in a kind of in that small living room . we stayed up and and watched some movie that was . at about eleven thirty we went together through the small cabin to the bathroom to brush our teeth and get ready for the night . i guess it took us about ten or fifteen to get ready in the bathroom and then we went back to the living room and got into bed when we suddenly a knock on the front door . my heart and me and my at each other . another knock on the door . we just sat there on the bed and tried to decide what to do . then we the door handle turn and the sound of big boots across the hall way . the another knock on the door to the living room where we sat quiet and . the handle turned and the door to give way to a large man somewhere south of tall . hi . he said . hi . we . what are you up to ? he . his voice was calm . nothing much . on of us . are you alone ? no my are in the next room . my said . how do you spend your days ? he said while looking closely at us . in school . i and kept my on the beside the fire place in case i need something to defend us with . the man around the room and then turned his attention back to us . my father made but you lot should take care of yourselves he said smiling . then he turned around closed the door made his way back through the small hall way and out through the front door . we him start his car and drive away through the . this was one of the most frightening of my life and we t know what to make of it all . since we t him when he drove up to the cabin he must have spent some time just going around the cabin looking in before he decided to come in . and what was this about his father making ? we did not get much sleep that night . but the story t end there . ten later in august while i was working late one night as a church warden something that would make me think of that man again . as i was the church for the night being the only one left i usually would complete every step quite fast since there s something creepy about being alone in a big and dark church . as i turned of the in the entrance of the church i the old familiar sound of those big boots from the floor above me . the entrance to the balcony above was locked and no one else was there so i just froze . i closely as the big boots made their way across the balcony . suddenly they stopped just in front of the entrance door to the balcony . i then hurried out of the church locked the door and walking across the church yard to get to my car as fast as i could . before i got in the car i turned around to look back at the church and the man was standing there in the dim street just looking in my direction . i quickly got my phone up and took a picture of him . a blurry but tall man in black can be seen standing under the street just watching me . i at the picture countless times that night . ten more have gone by and i now live in the myself with my own family and strange are starting to happen again . outside my yard in a rough wooden area i that someone hade a path from my drive way down into the thick vegetation . as i the path it lead me to something i can only describe as a primitive hut made of . who would make a path from my yard into the and then build a hut there ? coming back from work yesterday i that someone had burnt a mark in my lawn . why ? is this related to the man who to be visiting me every ten ? i don t even know if i want to find out . i can ' t begin to describe what a of i went through in these last couple of days . days that felt like an eternity . together with my i got into the loop of a game smile . the game of madness randomness and pain . i had lost . i had lost . and had lost his poor sister . nothing went the way i had them at all . as much i tried to control the direction of the game it was always a step ahead of me . i had officially lost control . and now on top of it all was gone as well . we had each other with our on numerous and i never it . i t regret it when i left the life i knew because it was clear to me that i had a new family . and i were like . who went through the hell that was the show of satan . a show we starred in as that made who watch it do unspeakable . without our knowledge our were involved in murder and . and while we t know what we had gotten ourselves into when we were that young and just to act we had been plagued by guilt ever since the of that time came back to us . and so we had sworn to do everything in our power to destroy anything that around that show . but now i t so sure that was really on the same side as me . and it had turned into a cold blooded killer . suddenly my family was gone and i was standing there on an empty carnival which had turned eerily silent . it was just me and this woman . i ' t recognize her face at first . she had gotten older just as i . to be honest i never to see her again . i whispered but then my back to the wheel and i t focus on her . i running while on my phone . who the hell are you calling ? and me from the back . a ambulance . if it s not too late already i away . you did this . you an innocent boy for some game . why did you even come back ? did you side with them ? was this all out from the start ? aw i knew you me ! i someone laugh from the back . as i turned around i saw s body in blood but he got up from the wagon as if nothing had even . and then i realizing that he t have any wounds . i closer and touched his chest . this is paint . i t control myself my mouth turned into a big smile by hysterical laughter . this situation was so insane but the relief i felt was incredible . the relief quickly turned to anger however . i by his shirt and shaking him . you were never on our team were you ? you with us . i m sorry . we had to . this was the only way to free my sister something on her phone and over to us . it s because of . haven t you understood that yet ? he is involved with warly . he him to recruit the . his video went all around . we believe that every who this game did so because they saw the video . that s how i even found out about it . he spoke to them on a level that not everyone can understand . but the that can lose all their free will . they t care if they would have . they all . no i whispered i was with him . all throughout the game . none of this is making sense . he cut up his own mouth for s sake ask your own friend . she got because of him pointed towards someone behind the wheel who was walking up to us . she was wearing a mask but i knew this was be . instead of saying anything she just to me and spread her arms around me . i m so sorry . and a look and she said . it s taken care of . they left and are already on their way back to for a second he but then his expression turned dark again . why are they not saying anything . the round is over . can anyone please just tell me what s going on ? i almost . and sat down on the platform of the wheel . then she told me the story . ago this game found its way to some people i knew in college . they just it smile and it t take long before they were entirely with it . they t tell me about any but from what i could tell it insanely morbid . one day i saw my roommate cutting up the of her mouth and when i her what was going on and tried to call a doctor she me . she went insane and kept that she to play the game because the adventurer told her so . that combination of already gave me but i thought it had to be a coincidence . i was in contact with all the time and he never a game . when she finally me the video and i the oh so familiar tune i knew that we were back in the mess of warly . but this time it like was on their side . after we our cut so many and everything it was all back . why t you tell me ? because of the game . you know damn well that none of us could speak about it or they would harm anyone we care about . but the first time i i was assigned to a team . my team in . and just so you know i never to get back to any of this . i would have been happy never seeing anyone of warly s adventure club again but my little cousin the game . i t let anything happen to her not after all the that back then . well and i t let do this all on his own wait so and are your ? . yeah also t my real name either . i stole that from a movie . and well was helping you ? all this time and you t care to tell me ? all three of them turned serious . look . it s not like we were completely in control . the of the game were being decided as were already going . we had no idea what would happen . and frankly after everything with we t know if you t involved as well . and had a mission from the start to save little from the game of smile . to wake her up and get her back home . they had to be careful because it was clear that the game would do anything in their power to scramble up any plan they made . when and had to switch it could all have gone south . everyone to win the game to get the princess . but if any other player found her they would have brought her back to the game to collect their reward and so they came up with a plan with as many and turns that neither the game nor the other would know what was going on . they a distraction . to and me it like we were going to win . would have gotten to meaning that our team would win the round and the entire game . but they t have let that happen . not knowing that might be on the wrong side . had been for two this entire time . he knew everything but only with me . with us . but now were finally starting to make sense . when was as near as possible to the princess almost sure of our win the came to play . the were all . here to confuse us and scare us . game that the found replaceable . was shooting them down without a care in the world because that s what she been to do . nobody would have a jester to start shooting a gun . to the and us it like a different team was going to win . in reality however had shot with a gun . while everyone was distracted s friend who was disguised as a jester brought to a car and drover her off . now what t clear to me yet was why they t go after but instead came for . or had knowing the game was over for him ? so what is happening now ? we can t be so foolish to assume that they are not currently listening to everything we re saying i said after they had told me about everything . it t matter . our team already won . when you the game they you something t they ? they let you choose your reward . they that all the who were still under their spell or brainwash would be freed from the game dun dun dun there it was . the abhorrent tune . except this time we had been impatiently waiting for it . we were sure the game were listening to every word we were saying . it t really matter at this point . but i knew that t quite over for me yet . especially with being away all of a sudden . and had given up on him and would have rather seen him dead but i t at that point yet . i knew there had to be more to the fact why my friend us . what i came to find out was just so much worse than what i could have however . i lost the game . big time . on the win team s ! you must have the biggest smile on your face right now . you took your well deserved reward . though we can t promise that our princess will not rip out more hearts in the future . she s a first class royal with a wonderful thirst for blood ! the familiar voice was blasting from the all throughout the carnival . now sweet our main adventurer . . . it is time to pay your debt as you lost sweet child ! don t worry though the of warly s adventure club are already you ! we can t wait for you to join ! please follow our kind . the rest of you may leave now . it been a blast to play and i m sure we see each other again soon . it was finished off by the sound of a smile . there they are said and pointed to two jester smiling at us please be careful . you don t know what might expect you . i took a deep breath and the through the carnival . everything around us was silent again . the remains of lifeless in jester were lying in of their own blood . poor who were into this because they had to s video . it should never have come this far . i should have known this would happen if you play with . the topped in front of a mirror cabinet . they the entrance and waved me inside . everywhere i saw myself . distorted small tall . it t matter which mirror i into i felt by my own appearance . and then a second face from the darkness . and he worse than i d ever seen him before . . he cried out i up . i really up . before i could walk over to him the . they had built in and were something . the same video of was reflected in each mirror . he was dressed in the green clothes that he always wore on the s show . but this t him as a child . it as if it had been taken a few ago . the melody and straight into the camera . hello hello hello ! i want you to listen closely now . he . i want to play a game with you . a game you will never want to finish . a game that will make each and every one of you smile from the bottom of your heart . t that exciting ? his face turned into a frown . i know you hate your life . i know deep down you would like to see the world in the color red just as i ! so why don t you join me and we can have lots and lots of the video broke off there and the mirror went back to normal . you bastard i said under my breath . we to put an end to this we to save them ! i . it s not like you think it is we through the cabinet until we finally found each other . i t know if i to punch him or apologize . it s true . i made the video for the producer . well no that s not right . i made a video . he just like they did back then . . . the man behind warly s adventure club out to me . i have no idea how he even found me but he was extremely persistent . threatening everyone i know if i t listen to him or told anyone else about this . he and to the ground . then he made me a proposition . you know how all those when we first our show . the we to save but t find . he told me if he could take one video of me then they would all be free to go . and you him ? he was very persuasive . that producer t a normal person you should know that ! he himself . v and is this eccentric cult leader or whatever but look . he did let them all go . all those and the game they were former . did you see that outside ? you t save them . but i tried he was shouting now . and don t act so innocent . you him too . or why else did you make me cut open my own face ? i and took a step back . what did he promise you ? all throughout this mess nobody had me what my were to play the game . and i had no idea how to tell him . no need to be ashamed ! you can tell him ! a man with dark hair and shiny had the room without me even realizing it . i had never seen him before but i his voice . he me after we had already the game . when it still normal and all we did was take a photo of us . he when i was alone . and he made a proposition if i the game and won . and next to him stood warly with an expression of deep fear . he to save good warly ! t that adorable ? if you remember warly he was the adult in the show we in . he had once us and many . we had abandoned him and sent him to prison to be rid of him . we t risk him around but warly was a victim . just like us he was into the show without knowing what it did . he had us but i knew that he t really a bad person . we swore to forget about him but when i his voice us to the game i knew they had somehow found him . the game master me i could save him if i the game and did as . the man took out a phone and a message . i know this is insane but look you have to do it . trust me . you have to or everyone else will suffer . we need to play the game . we need to smile . you trust me right ? i had no idea that this was what they sent before he cut his mouth . he told me to take the message and i did . without knowing what exactly they would use it for . i to step out at that point . when they told me to harm myself but i thought if you told me that i had to go through with it there would be a good reason for it . i had no idea that reason was saving warly . i m sorry i whispered . stayed quiet for a moment . then he added me too . my friend and i had to help to make better but instead we only brought put more suffering . i do have to admit both of you are terrific . not one of you ever the and don t worry . i m not a complete monster ! the man said as if he had just read my mind . i m a man of honor and i intend to keep my promise . everyone who had been under our spell will be free after this game . however i m afraid you did lose and so i will have to keep that video of you for future . i m sure you understand . as to you . i bet your will forgive you eventually . warly here however never will . i mean don t deserve a reward . without batting an eye he slit a razor sharp knife right through warly s throat . i had no other chance but to look at of showing how the man i tried to save lost the life in his as he to the ground . as much as i this time it t fake blood . it took us a while to comprehend what had . i thought my and i would separate for good but we t and we never would . not as long as we had this common enemy . . v did keep his promise and the were freed . young were brought back to who never thought they would see their again . it was a bittersweet end though i have to admit that the bitter taste . it t easy but i think after much explaining we all understood that s were coming from a good place but he had been naive and gullible . just as i . it would still take a long time until we all each other again . especially as we two more to our group . an old friend i never thought i would see again and someone i had grown really close to in those few days . the horrific that was the smile game was over . while the game mistrust in all of us we also understood that we were all so deep into all of this not being able to distinguish right from wrong . we had been and at once but there was one thing we all agreed upon . warly might be dead but the adventure club will never be able to escape from this . not as long as they know our . so if you ever stumble upon a video inviting you on an adventure don ' t listen to us . was nine old when i first learned the value in hunting for a bargain . my was a single parent with four young to care for and to put it mildly money was tight . at first i being drug out of bed every morning at the crack of dawn to troll through the town ' s yard . of course like most i was oblivious to all the effort and hard work it took for my mother just to be able to keep a roof over our and food on the table . i just that nearly all of my clothing and were secondhand throw . and then came that morning when at yet another yard sale i found a treasure hidden among of worn furniture and television that were probably older than my was and back then i thought she was ancient . it was . . . the bike my bike . the same one that i would stare at everyday walking home from school . it was always centered in the front display window of the local toy store and it was beautiful . it was painted pink and green with iridescent and a metal basket and i it more than anything i had ever in my entire nine of life . everyday i would press my and face up against the glass and imagine myself riding it through the neighborhood feeling the wind in my hair and basically being the envy of all my . it was too expensive my would always tell me when i for it at every birthday and even tried earth day for two straight . and yet here it was a bit worse for wear of course the paint was a bit scuffed and a few of the had frayed off but i ' t care . in my mind it was still the same bicycle and it was only . my mother even the woman running the sale down to like a boss and then it was all mine . i it up the and and it was still beautiful to me maybe even more so . from that day on i learned to enjoy the hunt searching for those in the rough . i grew up learning to be frugal and save money wherever i could . as an adult i still a few yard although i spent most of my time treasure hunting at flea and estate as the quality of the were substantially higher . it was at one such estate sale that i found a beautiful old style dollhouse . like my bike it was also a bit scuffed some of the of movable furniture were broken and there was this weird black paint on one of the above a fireplace . but it came with six tiny a finely dressed mother and daughter as well as four that included a maid a cook a gardener and what to be a young stable boy . their clothing was and worn a few of their hung loose and the gardener ' s face to have been badly burned at some point . but the entire set had obviously been handmade with real wood cloth and paint not cheap plastic or silicon and the detail was immaculate . the house itself had three which six a kitchen dining room bathroom living room and directly above all of those was an attic . the attic was huge and came complete with antique that and closed a tiny bed and a full size mirror with gilded . the craftsmanship was incredible it would have taken someone of their life to make such a creation . even the fireplace in the living room had been painted in such a way as to give the illusion that a fire was actually burning there . i knew i would purchase it the moment i saw it it was the perfect gift for my young niece aria . she was about to turn nine herself and had just been with a rare genetic disorder that her to spend most days in bed undergoing various medical . i knew she was feeling lonely and . my plan was to take it home and give the entire home and family of an extensive . i was able to purchase the whole set for a measly from the young woman in charge of the sale . she only too happy to see it go and the price alone should have been a red flag for me . even in it ' s state the antique house was easily worth five times the amount she but i just assumed she was too ignorant to know the value of her . after finding little else of interest that day i returned home with my prize . i to start working on it immediately as aria ' s birthday was only two away . the moment i brought it into my house my black cat onyx hissing and ran to hide under my bed . for he stayed there all the while nonstop and strange that i had never him make before . it was odd as he was always a friendly laid back animal but i yet another warning sign and it off with the thought that perhaps the dollhouse just had a strange smell . i spent a few that day on learning the best ways to restore the house and to their former glory . the first thing i was how to get that strange black paint off of the wall of the house without causing any damage . several simply rubbing alcohol and a wash cloth to dissolve the paint so i tried it . it worked beautifully as the paint came right up . once it was removed i was to see that there was some ornate design underneath . i ' t quite make it out and had to return with a glass to get a better look . it too was faded but it to be a painting of a snake with a black head and a white tail . the head to be eating it ' s own tail and inside the circle of it ' s body was a glowing depiction of the all seeing eye . i looking at it it was a very strange thing to have painted inside a ' s toy and it gave me the . there was no way i was going to let my niece see such a disturbing symbol . i decided i would just cover it up with a pretty design of a landscape or something . i studied each of the more closely to decide which doll which repair and then gently each one in the part of the house that i felt their station in life . the house had everything a real house would countless and of furniture and and even little and . i had as a child and i admit to feeling that same sense of childlike fascination as i them around their little house . after making a list of all the i would need to purchase for the project i at the clock and that it was quite late and i was very hungry . i made myself a quick meal and with the smug anticipation of my cat ' s enthusiastic reaction pouring dry cat food into their bowls . the sound of the food the metal bowl never to send him into the kitchen to wolf it down . he ' t come however instead just hidden under the bed still furiously . " fine your loss you big baby ! " i to him and sat down to eat my own food . after dinner i put on my and after turning off all the sat down to watch some television . though it was hard to hear anything over the continuous of my cat . i had the dollhouse on the coffee table to work on it and my gaze kept being drawn to it and the strange symbol above the fireplace . my to get very heavy and i to nod off once or twice my head would jerk up from resting on my shoulder and the third time this i gave up and decided to call it a night . i went to stand up when i that something was very wrong with my living room . or more specifically that i was no longer in my living room . instead i was sitting on an old sofa with a faded floral pattern that was heavily by some type of brownish goo . next to me was a broken side table that had been turned on it ' s side and there was dust coating every inch of the floor . my television was no where to be seen except for an odd static light that what you would see cast on the if it had been left on in a room . there was a strange stillness in the air it almost felt like i was underwater and hearing my own breath through a heavy atmosphere . " what the hell ? " i said aloud as i to explore the room . there was a large bookshelf to my right and as i it i saw that it was filled with all to alchemy devil worship and witchcraft . i went to remove one of the when my hit flat wood rather than leather or paper . the ' t real their and titled had all been just been painted on but with such precision that it was nearly impossible to tell with the naked eye . thoroughly confused at this point i continued my exploration . i turned to see a fireplace it was so large that it dominated nearly an entire wall brightly inside it but very little light . then i saw the mural the same one from the dollhouse complete with the self snake and all seeing eye . around the design were small random of black paint . no no no no i thought to myself as a dread filled my body it ' s not possible . i am not inside the dollhouse ! i quickly ran from the room and found myself in a great hall also identical to the dollhouse . to the left was a huge grand staircase to the right was a large wooden front door and straight ahead a smaller sized door that i had a sinking feeling would lead to a dining room and kitchen . i ran to the front and the handle turning it as the heavy door loudly . i ran through the doorway needing to be free of the house when my body hard into a solid wall of blackness . i felt blood pouring from my nose as i fell backwards onto my butt and pain through my entire body . on my and i back over to the open front door and slowly my through the exit . there was indeed some invisible wall me from leaving the house and it was cold so cold that my to ache and tingle as though i were touching dry ice . i quickly snatched my hand back and to come to to what was happening to me . am i ? i must be the last thing i was drifting off in front of the my were interrupted by a steadily growing sound behind me . i could hear slow heavy descending the staircase at my back . i felt the same creeping coldness that from the void outside the front door as i turned to face the newcomer . it ' s body was solid wood it ' s thick and brutish . a large white shirt and denim overalls hung off it ' s hard frame . in one of it ' s big bony it a pair of antique gardening and in the other a sharply pointed spade . on its head sat a black floppy hat and barely visible beneath the wide brim sat two small painted black . the skin below them was it ' s and its mouth of a pale thin slash above it ' s chin . one of it ' s dragged behind it in an uneven gate as though the ankle joint had been broken and it slowly down the staircase . it was a horrific life size depiction of the gardener doll and i as it out towards me . in response to the sound it its pace down the and unintelligibly . in the gardener ' s hurry to reach me it over his broken ankle and to fall heavily down the . numb with terror i ran towards the unopened door leading to the dining room threw it open and it shut behind me . the room was very dark though that strange artificial illumination from the living room to follow me wherever i went . i over a wooden chair and landed hard on the floor my own ankle . i took a few deep to try to calm myself and think rationally about how to get out of this hell house . i suddenly aware of the of and and a loud frantic humming from a short distance away . beyond a long dusty dining table i could barely make out the silhouette of tall swinging door with a circular glass panel cut into the top of it . as i gingerly got back onto my my ankle the weight i could barely make out a figure moving back and forth beyond the transparent circle . as quietly as possible i made my way to it and gently it open just an inch or two to peek inside . a large woman was bustling around what was indeed a kitchen as she went through the of a meal . thick dark liquid was boiling in a large pot on the old stove and a putrid rank smell the air . the woman had her back turned to me as she used a huge sharp knife to quickly chop through something on her large cutting board . she was humming loudly a random disjointed tune as she worked . she had wild grey hair that stuck out indiscriminately from beneath a dingy grey bonnet . and her were jerky and wooden . i her as the cook doll as she was wearing the same brown dress and apron and she was well cooking . i my way a bit farther into the room knowing that i ' t go backwards and that the gardener could come into the room any moment . maybe this . . . woman could help me . when i stepped into the welcoming warmth of the kitchen the beneath me and the woman froze . her body stiff as a board literally though she ' t turn around and i that her blocky the kitchen knife much more forcefully . " it ' s not quite ready yet mistress . " she said in a deep sugary voice . i stayed silent for a moment before whispering " please i need your help . " at the sound of my voice she slowly to turn her head though her body still . as her head turned her were slowly revealed to me . her were two enormous green far too large and wide on her round face and her painted were black angry above them . her mouth was drawn into an eternally wide smile and her apple shaped bore twin crimson . her head kept turning far beyond a natural angle until it was centered firmly between her shoulder . she raised the knife she had been to chop with up to her as if to shush me and a dark syrupy substance from it . " you really ' t be here miss . " she said slowly in her low " though it been some time since we ' had a new addition to our little family . welcome home dear ! " her body snapped around to match her head and she lunged at me . my gaze around the room frantically before landing on a large serrated knife and i snatched it up just as cook tackled me to the floor . the force of the landing me to drop my weapon her body was so heavy that i could barley breathe as she her knife straight down towards my chest . i raised my arms and wildly at her it took all of my strength to keep her at bay though i somehow to dodge all of her vicious . every where her body came into contact with mine it burned an icy sting that was incredibly painful . she continued humming her mad melody as i concentrated my on the arm holding her blade . i as hard as i could on it forcing it back and forth in the hope it would dislodge the wooden joint . finally it gave with a tearing sound and a loud pop as her arm to the floor . she continued to attack me with her hand however showing not a hint of pain over her detached limb . her smiling face down at me as she me about the head with her wooden fist . each blow me further and my less frantic until everything around me to grow dim . suddenly cook ' s large body was off of me and i dragged down huge of precious air as my consciousness slowly returned . two tiny wooden were struggling with cook and i them as the little girl doll and the young stable boy . the girl was hard on cook ' s arm throwing her off balance while the boy had up on her back and was my knife to saw through her neck . cook screaming " mistress mistress come quick the are again ! " suddenly her head to the ground and rolled away but her for help never . the two wooden after it all the while making loud . the boy scooped up the head and threw it into an oven finally the woman ' s . cook ' s body was still upright and stumbling around the kitchen knocking over and in a deafening cacophony of sound . the girl cook ' s large body into a nearby pantry and quickly closed the door . turning back to face me she whispered " shush we don ' t want to wake up . " before i could thank the or ask a tiny bell on the adjacent wall to ring slowly at first and then it quickly into a loud constant jingle . the girl at me with her wide painted and i swear i could actually see the sheer terror overtake her expression . " too late she ' s awake . " the girl cried " come with us we have to hide . now ! " i no further urging i quickly to my my battered body every movement as i the out of the kitchen and back through the dining room . when they to open the door leading out to the grand staircase i out " wait ! the gardener . . . " they me and continued running as the little girl back over her shoulder " he ' s not the one you need to worry about come on follow me ! " seeing no other option but to trust the girl i and quickly after them . the freakish gardener was nowhere to be seen as we flew up the staircase and into the first door on the right . it was a bathroom complete with a large claw foot copper tub and we all inside it and the curtain completely around it . we had just finished doing so when a beautiful feminine voice out from somewhere outside the door . " amelia my darling where are you ? " the voice so gentle and calm that i ' t understand why the were so afraid . my mind back to the mother doll and i could recall nothing about her appearance that would warrant such terror . as we in the silence i could hear the approach of soft light down the hall . the little girl whom i assumed was amelia to tremble jerkily and the stable boy out to place a comforting arm around her . the force of their wooden made a slight knocking sound and they both froze . " amelia stop ' s looking for you sweetheart . you and come on out now and bring your little friend . . . " the sweet soft voice of the mother slowly into a low demonic sounding growl that a terror in me so deep that i ' t breathe . the stopped right outside the bathroom door and i had to shove my whole fist inside my mouth to stop myself from crying out . i watched in horror through the tiny gap in the curtain as the doorknob slowly turned and the door to creak open . suddenly a loud sound came from downstairs and an impossibly swift noise could be as the shadow of the mother abandoned the doorway . after a moment amelia and quietly stepped out of the tub and me to do the same . my body was so sore and stiff from all of it ' s abuse that i slipped trying to climb out . out to catch me and i cried out in pain when his wooden hand burned my skin . he quickly it back and shook his head at me in what i assumed was an apology . " ' t speak . " amelia said " he ' t mean to hurt you he just forgot that he ' s not supposed to touch . we need to get you out of here the process already and it won ' t be long now before you become like us . every time you touch one of us will make it worse . " i raised my hand up in front of my face to inspect it and was to see that amelia was right . the pain and stiffness that i had assumed was due to injury was actually by my body slowly . . . hardening . all of my and the majority of my hand had become wooden and hard . it had already spread down to my wrist . i was becoming a doll ! " how do i get out of here ? " i struggling to remain calm . the little girl shook her head sadly and said " i am not sure . we ' re not supposed to even be awake now something must have . when my daddy made this house for us all to live in so that we ' t be lonely . he came into my room one night and told me that we were all going to live in the dollhouse . he said he fixed it so that we could all be a family again and that and all the other could come too . he brought me downstairs where everyone else was already sleeping on the floor . then he . . . did something to me . i don ' t remember what it was a long time ago but i woke up in the dollhouse and he was right everyone was here . but daddy never came our all and it hurt but he never came . must be so sad without him because she too but not like us . she . . . i don ' t think she ' s really my she ' s mean . then one day we all got really tired and screaming . i tried to stay awake but i was just so tired . . . we all went to sleep and then you came . " my mind as i tried to piece together everything she was telling me . it amelia ' s father had been into some pretty dark as i seeing all the alchemy in the library . he must have lost his beloved wife and gone crazy building this weird house . then i the strange symbol that had been painted above the fireplace . that ' s it the symbol something had ! i removed the paint that had been covering it up . perhaps as far fetched as it all i to do was black out the symbol again . could it really be that simple ? i had to try it i was running out of time i could feel my body growing with every moment that . " amelia i think i know how to get us out of here . do you know that strange drawing in the library ? well i think i made a mistake and we need destroy it . will you and help me ? " when they both their agreement i " we need to cover it back up do you have any paint we could use ? " the two at each other and then slowly shook their . damn i thought of course it ' t going to be that easy . " well we will just have to try and find something else that will work . let ' s go back downstairs and " just then a clawed hand inside the door and amelia . it all so fast that i barely got the impression of black skin and sharp red wrapping around her throat before she was just . . . gone . that same sound her abrupt exit and both out after her in a panicked and futile attempt to save her . i a laugh fade down the hall and then the staircase . gave a moan before turning to run out after her . " wait " i cried " we ' get her back i promise but first we need a plan and hopefully a weapon . do you still have that knife ? " he shook his head sadly at me before perking up and for me to follow him as he fled the room . i at a pace my stiffening made it very hard to move but i forced myself to keep up . by several before making his way up a set of steep leading to what was i assumed the attic . he ran over to one of the old wooden there and removing of cloth and various sewing before finally out a wicked looking pair of sewing shears . after dropping the shears at my he over to the small bed in the corner and dove underneath it later with a large pitch fork tightly in his fist . my were now so stiff that it was incredibly difficult to even pick up the shears and i at how easy the were to mine . of course they ' d had much longer to adapt to their new and their ' s were solid wood not a mesh of both . just as i bent down to retrieve the shears movement out of the corner of my vision me to jump . i almost when i that it was simply my reflection in the golden edged floor length mirror that i had when first the dollhouse . had that really only been a few ago ? it felt like had since i had become trapped in this hellish place . " good job now we just need a plan . i assume the . . . thing that amelia was ? " when he i continued " and where would have taken her one of the ? or the kitchen ? " he shook his head no to both . " the living room then ? do you think she what were ? " his head vigorously . damn . " then we just need to make some kind of distraction to get away from the living room and then we ' save amelia and destroy the painting . here ' s what we ' do . . . " after and i agreed on a plan and went our separate ways i crept back down the and made my way through the door leading into the dining room . then i froze . a young woman was kneeling on the ground and sobbing loudly as she furiously scrubbed the with a wet dirty rag . she would pause every now and then to dip her rag into a bucket of equally filthy red liquid before it back down to continue her . this must be the maid i thought . i had no idea if she was going to be a friend or foe and so i tried to just slip past her sobbing form unnoticed . she ' t even look up just continued the thick dark liquid everywhere as she to herself . i slipped through the kitchen door and a thick dish cloth before opening the oven . wrapping cook ' s still head up in the cloth i then made my way over to the pantry . the moment i the door cook ' s body came out at me and i ran back through the swinging kitchen door before abruptly skidding to a halt . the maid was no longer on her instead she was standing in the center of the dining room smiling broadly at me through her strangely black colored . " mistress will be so of me " maid said as her body slowly towards me . " i am not useless like she i will make her see . " the of her body were unlike any i had seen from the other . she as if all of her had been out of socket and badly put back together . it a shutter effect that was both eerie and highly efficient . " i will bring her what she and then she won ' t hurt me . " maid fell on me then at my clothes and hair as she me towards the grand hall . her strength was incredible and i cook ' s head in an effort to free myself from her relentless grasp . she me through the door to the main foyer before i was finally able to get loose and i turned to run before my gave out and i fell hard onto the ground . looking down the length of my body i was to see that my were turning to solid wood . on one leg the transformation had all the way to mid thigh . i crawling towards the living room dragging my mostly wooden leg behind me . the plan had gone all to hell thanks to maid ' s interference but i was still determined to try . behind me chaos as cook ' s body into maid ' s and they fighting with each other . i shook my head to clear the stupor sight of two viciously wrestling each other and continued crawling towards the living room door . reaching up i used the door ' s handle to pull myself back up to my and slowly turned around . " the help " i was relieved to see were still so distracted by their to maim and kill each other that they me no mind as i past them . i cautiously back the way i had come searching for cook ' s head . after it in a far corner of the dining room i made to return to the foyer when my gaze landed upon the maid ' s forgotten bucket of red liquid . it was thick and dark and indistinguishable from human blood . . . or paint ! as quickly as i i returned to the main foyer with the still humming head and bucket of red goo . my heart was pounding as i raised cook ' s head high into the air and out " hey ! " cook and maid froze and turned towards me as i threw the head as far as i possibly could up to the second floor " you want your head back so much then come and get it ! " i a loud sound as it landed somewhere upstairs and was immediately by more of cook ' s . " mistress she ' s here ! i ' got her come quick ! " in the shadow of the grand staircase i watched as the body of cook towards the just as a blur of black and red burst out of the living room door . " " with such unnatural speed that i ' t make out any of her in fact i could barely track her as she flew up the . i knew i had only one shot at this and i had to move now ! as fast as i could i picked up the bucket and hobbling towards the living room door . as i maid she drew in a deep breath as though to shout a warning . before she could utter a sound however i swung the side of the bucket hard into her head hearing a sharp cracking noise as the metal bucket connected . maid fell to the floor and erratically as she to get back up . i ran into the living room softly the door behind me . inside the room amelia was sat on the filthy sofa sobbing with her covering her face . as i the young girl i hushing her softly and she up her little face brightening . it was then that i that her were also black just like maid ' s . what did that mean ? " you ' re ! " she cried before i could ask her and ran over to hug me then stopped herself and her wooden arms awkwardly back at her sides . " where ' s ? " she quietly . " if all is going according to plan then he ' s upstairs leading on a wild goose chase . " i . she worried and i knew she was concerned for the safety of her friend to be honest i was too . can even die ? i myself before turning to the more immediate problem at hand . " quick let ' s try to destroy the glyph and then we ' all get out of here . " i said to which amelia just gave a strange sad smile before nodding . finding the snake painting i threw the bloody contents of the bucket over it taking care to cover the entirety of it . sparks to shoot out of wall but beyond that nothing . i could feel that my body was still hardening and i was very much still inside the dollhouse it ' t worked . no ! i cried internally as hopelessness to set in . anger and despair within me as i the sewing shear ' s from the back waistband of my jean ' s and to hack at the blood soaked wall . with the very first stab of the scissors a horrible demonic screeching from somewhere upstairs and amelia cried out " she ' s coming ! " just then burst into the living room and wildly waving his arms in a " follow me " gesture . in blind terror i ran towards him amelia following close behind me . the terrifying and only grew as we upstairs to the second floor landing . far down the hall i could see black floating towards us at an extremely rapid pace . i could barley run and since i now had very little hope of ever leaving anyway i amelia and ' s in order to use their faster momentum to me forwards . it me extreme pain and i ' t even know where we were going but all i could think of in that moment was to get away from . the all but me up the to the attic before they both let me go and i hard onto the floor . i raised my head to see frantically pointing at something as amelia cried out " look at the mirror it ' s glowing ! " turning my attention to it i could see what she meant . not only was the mirror glowing but instead of reflecting the attic scene around us it was showing a different room . . . my living room . was the mirror the way out ? it must be a portal ! i raised myself up and crawling towards the glowing mirror my were incredibly stiff and slow my body now almost completely solid . just as i was only a foot from the mirror my arm towards it amelia and a strong clawed hand me by the throat and me into the air . it was then i got my first real look at . the beautiful doll of the mother bore little resemblance to the abomination standing before me . her dark hair was wild her skin an ashy black color and her were no longer a soft brown but rather a bright glowing red . she was impossibly tall and thin wraith like in her long black dress and i several gaping wounds across her torso . unlike the rest of the she it could bleed . she me up with one hand around my neck as if i weighed nothing and to cackle at me as she spoke . " ah finally a new daughter to call my own ! " i felt the very last of my strength just as the last few of flesh bone and muscle in my body gave way to cold complete solidity . in that moment i gave up and hung my head as to pull me closer to her freezing demonic form . out of nowhere came the squishy sound of metal slicing cleanly through skin and for a minute i thought i had been . my body once again with the floor for what must have been the tenth time that night as i was unceremoniously back to the ground . this time i felt no pain as i hit and that should have me but it ' t . i barley as my took in the scene around me . gardener is back i thought numbly and he is fighting with now . i watched in a daze as gardener repeatedly with his rusty pruning shears hatred burning in his dark . suddenly tiny four of them to be precise were lifting and my body towards the mirror . i up to meet the determined little of amelia and and a single warm tear slid down my cheek . " thank you both but i think it ' s too late i can ' t feel anything . " i sobbing harder as i spoke and the reality of it fully settled in . amelia just softly and said " it ' s not too late you can still cry real we can ' t . it ' s too late for us but not you we ' get you back home . " taking care to touch me as little as possible the me up before the mirror . i then that the had known all along that they ' t be saved . that they had done all of this just to save me . to shriek harder from somewhere behind me and i could hear the gardener give a low gravely laugh . amelia whispered " mac our gardener never really . she hurt him real bad and now he us from her . you need to go through now before it ' s too late ! " " wait is there anything i can do for you ? you ' me so much . . . " i off as emotion once again my voice . " just keep us asleep . once you go back through we should all get sleepy again i can already feel it happening . don ' t let anyone wake us back up ? we are not meant to be awake . " amelia sadly at me one last time before she and my body through the portal and i immediately lost consciousness . when i awoke some time later i instantly aware of two . the first and by far the was of intense pain coursing through every inch of my body . second was the small wet sandpaper tongue of the my cat onyx licking my check . i barely registered the fact that i was once again face on the floor before i up to my and came flooding back . the agony of each movement i quickly my surroundings . relief over me as i took in the familiar surroundings of my living room . and then my gaze landed on the dollhouse . i knew it ' t just been a dream the i had sustained in the dollhouse were still very much apparent but if i had had any one look at the would have convinced me it had all been real . maid and cook lay frozen on top of each other and maid ' s to be around headless neck . the gardener ' s shears were still inside ' s torso though she had returned to her pretty and motherly form and he was standing over her body with what i would still swear was a triumphant look painted on his scarred face . amelia and were curled up together on the small attic bed and to be hugging each other tight . despite the horror of everything i had the previous night i . . . it been many since all this took place and i have a little girl of my own now i her amelia . amelia is a typical girly child and she . immediately after waking up on my living room floor that morning i burned the dollhouse and the entirety of it ' s contents with three . mac the gardener amelia and have all been given pride of place situated on the mantle of my fireplace . my little girl to play with them on the few special that she is given permission to do so . you see i don ' t allow into my home the mere sight of one never to send me into near hysterics but i owe everything to those three and my one regret in life been that i haven ' t found a way to free them from their curse . so i am posting this here in the that my crazy story might actually be taken seriously and that someone out there might know how to help them . at the very least this will hopefully serve to honor their memory and all that they did to help me . amelia and never even got the chance to reach adulthood and all three of those were cut tragically short . if anyone any no matter how outlandish i will listen . thank you mac amelia and and for now sleep tight . may break my if these deign to haunt me . . . that twisted little rhyme in this town for as long as anyone can remember . most say it s just the of a previous generation of folk with poor memory warping the of or . but the old those gnarled old and that sit on their porch waiting for death swear on god that those are the real the original stolen from the lore of this sleepy antique town . the on the battered playground equipment outside the dilapidated schoolhouse gleefully shout the as they run through their just as their did just as their did before . just as i did barely more than a decade ago . is an old and forgotten place originally in and on the decline ever since as the thick around it were drained of their and the dry of silver and oil . the ragged town is far past the point where such a place can be quaint more apt such as run down and depressing are more often used . no one not born here stays in for long passing through might stop by the gas station or convenience store neither of which have seen any kind of since the s but they re soon speeding back towards the interstate . i never seen anyone stay more than one night at the decrepit old motel and certainly never more than one car in the guest lot at a time . though i was born here in the doctor s office s single medical suite i was one of the lucky few who the apathetic hold of . solid schooling and beyond the day to day monotony that plagued my fellow me a college scholarship a rare ticket out of the isolated and sleepy town which i quickly accepted . i had broken free a higher education and beyond anything my back home could ever hope to accomplish . i a degree a career and a home in a lively city far away . but had its way to drag me back . i had received the call from . only a handful of ago the shaky voice of the man who had me into this world greeting me over the phone . static throughout our entire conversation s ancient telephone apparently just as decrepit as when i had grown up there . the kind old doctor had given those fateful . it s your mother . she s taken a turn he had . it won t be long now she needs you here . and so i took a leave of absence from the firm my cat off at the home of a mostly willing acquaintance and with my in order i had made the pilgrimage back to my the pit of potential and apathetic misery that had my and family . i been living with and for my dying mother for just under a month now the new head of the home i had once grown up in . my mother was never a particularly lively woman but now she had grown to look positively wasted . she was dreadfully thin the causing her gaunt to shake with the effort . her hair was thin and patchy the translucent and spotted skin of her scalp visible under the of white . her glassy and wet always blankly forward at the television i had brought into her room the of dementia had her of nearly all understanding . the doctor was right it was only a matter of time . we had never been particularly close my mother and i but this experience had strained what little care i had for her . honestly i to fear that perhaps i her . the next door neighbor a kind middle aged woman . would occasionally take my place in the home to allow me at least a few of respite from the work of for my mother . this was one such time a brief chance to escape the dismal life of for a dying parent too far gone to even appreciate what you re doing for them . i found myself in the town s only diner lounging in a battered booth . across the greasy table from me sat one of the best i had made in . unlike me he had never been able to escape this place . when i had him up from my mother s house he was ecstatic to hear i was back in town . we had met at the diner a couple times over the month i had been here . i in dull amazement as he ate finishing his in barely three . . you know i been watching you eat since we were and i still can t believe you haven t to death on a chicken bone or something . through a mouthful of . hey man take a lot more than a to take me down ! i let out a derisive chuckle i mean you say that but how many heart is your old man on now ? six ? his food before laughing pointing a ketchup finger my way . whoa man ! ! washed back over me . it was the first time i had been of the old playground rhyme since i had left town all those ago probably longer . the cold and distant dread i had felt as a child hearing those somewhere deep in my gut . the twitch of dark expression as it across my face . oh that ' s right . you never did like that old rhyme . eh i don t know . it s not that i t like it i just never quite understood it . like the old superstitious crap to me . back into the cracked red of the booth . fair enough . but those golden certainly cling to it . i don t know anyone in town who t taught the rhyme by their . he mid thought to take a swig of flat coke from his class . and i mean you can t forget about what they say to her i felt my face flush with a spark of angry annoyance . . it was senior year man ! why the hell do all you people still talk about like that ? i into my . have you ever met her piece of dad ? her deadbeat ? ran got the out of this town just like me . mood visibly . look . think what you want but most everyone around here the story . and what the do you mean by you people ? you were born here too you know . i . hey . you re right i m sorry . i have no right to be . taking care of just been crushing you know ? i swear she s killing me just as much as the sickness is killing her . his head and gave a sympathetic half smile . he had always been understanding . it ' s just always rubbed me the wrong way when people about like that . that something came for her . she man . ran for a better life you know ? i hear you . the people in this town are so convinced though always talking about the old . people i always too not just the senile . i mean sheriff principal green and . hadden all say they saw what came for that night and i don t think the three of them have ever told a lie in their . i again upset that my was cooling into a ball of grease as the conversation took this dark turn . whatever man not convincing . the whole town was in a panic after . group hysteria does crazy to people s brains . they think they see all the time . . hadden t step forward with her story until after the sheriff s report was she probably just convinced herself she had seen something that night . and the old have been down our since we were born of course our start to manufacture like that . i get where you re coming from i really do retorted . but every old story is rooted in something . something true . he and finished off his coke almost choking as the ice at the bottom of his glass slid free . i shaking my head . you really believe that ? you really think that can choose to be ? that out her and something her ? came for her ? man ! that s crap to keep from back talking their . hey i just know what people say quietly my untouched . without a word i the plate across to him . god you re the best he said with a grin . will find your home not nor will hide you . it had been six days since the meal at the diner . six days of brutal work alone in my childhood home . the last six days of my mother s life . when the big drop came it came fast . she t eat t drink . i had to spoon what little thin soup i could into her slack jawed mouth . the smell was awful though i her every single day hoisting her tiny and decrepit form into the shallow tub there was a constant stench of sickness and bodily waste . it was as if the pall of death was from her . the reek of her sickness clung to everything no matter how much i . her mind had left her as well the woman i for in those final days was no longer my mother . as dementia and fever boiled in her head she grew cruel like a cornered animal . too weak to strike out she spent what little energy she had vicious in my direction her bloodshot tinged with cold malice . don t touch me you cretin . get your father he the belt . why were you born ? useless child . who are you ? tell me who you are you stupid piece of ! god damn you to hell . for six days i such abuse . my mother and i had never been particularly close her cold and distant demeanor i t become particularly attached but her cut deep anyway . more than once i had to lurch from her bedside to slump in the hallway unable to hold back the any longer . on the sixth and final day my mother truly unleashed her animal hate . you re killing me you little . god you always were an evil little . the came too fast to leave the room today . she continued to spit her rancid as the air around us grew thick with the smell of death . i should smothered you in the crib . never you anyway . i t stand it any longer . i to my an accusatory finger mere from my dying mother s face . don t say another word . the title tasted like acid on my tongue as my hate for her swelled . i m tired of this . just die already ! her face went slack then the malice and color away in an instant . she turned her glassy to stare directly into my gaze as my hand to quiver . she spoke in a gentle quiet way almost reflective . i said what i said . you said what you said . may break my if these deign to haunt me . and with that she fell silent blank and unseeing . she down into the bed her tiny and disease frame like a broken doll or puppet with its cut . her throat rattled with one final weak exhalation . she was gone . . and sheriff about half an hour after i them two men who i had considered old even as a child . they stood on the porch as i the door in gnarled out of respect for the dead . the rickety old van they used as an ambulance in the drive engine in the darkness that had fallen . we quiet of grief and sympathy and they took my mother away . i sat in the living room late into the night the world around me by silence . what did she mean ? why would she say that damn rhyme ? inside my skull as i out the window into the wind warped beyond the yard their dark dancing in the night . was always different after nightfall the of town in by black of forest and the buzzing chatter of the nocturnal world . the streets themselves were shade lit by dim yellow dully glowing glass topped that in the wind . narrow pale in the night decrepit architecture of past like hazy on the edge of the light . sighing with growing exhaustion i rose to my and to the front door . with a twist i locked the and to the large landscape window across the room that out from the living room into the yard and street beyond . i up and to yank at the to close out the night . my heart stopped in my chest and my blood ran cold as ice . the on the back of my neck rose an incessant itch of mortal danger . something was walking down the street towards downtown . i only caught the glimpse movement in the dim light of a solitary . surely i t actually seen anything ? a pale limb a leg perhaps swinging out of the light . it had been so long and thin like the stroke of a white pen . but i had seen it ? bending and stepping out along the street ? no . no way . i stepped back from the window shaking the sleep from my head . get a grip . you just had a hell of a day . your mother away . you re exhausted . take it easy alright ? yea . exhausted and seeing that s what it had to be . shakily i finished the and onto the couch . sleep me plagued with of thin chalky skin and the impassive stare of an apex predator . will take a prize no hurried flight can save you . i awoke with a sudden jolt sunlight the thin gap between the . the hurried rapping upon the door again stealing the last of the drowsiness from my mind . i the door to the time weathered face of sheriff a grimace of concern under his bushy white mustache . he took his cap in his hat as he to speak . may i step inside ? it ' s about your mother . we sat across the dining room table from one another by a vase of and some ragged old . finally i broke the silence . what do you mean she s gone ? like you her to the morgue in ? the sheriff shook his head . what i mean is she s gone . i don t know what to say . we took her to the morgue in the basement of the doctor s office last night and when he and the mortician up the door this morning she t there . just . all due respect but what the hell do you mean ? someone stole my dead mother ? that she got up and away ? huh sheriff ? i t contain my frustration . sheriff in his slow manner of speech i don t know . you know i t be lying to you you known me too long for that . he . no of a break in nothing else stolen or broke . just your mother gone missing . were still locked when doc got back this morning . i my head into my nearly shaking with anger and confusion . it t make any sense . how was she acting before she ? was she angry ? the sheriff s sudden question made my stomach twist in . excuse me ? your mother was she acting like herself before she away ? what does that have to do with anything ? sometimes people change at the end say . did she say ? my face red as i instinctively my teeth . you too huh ? you re talking about the rhyme ? like what with yea as he back into his chair . lot like that case . no way . out of this one of the few people around here smart enough to get out while they still could . if i hear one more story about her did you say back to your mother ? what ? when she in the end did you say back to her ? what does that have to do with anything ? so you did ? what kind of question is that ? i across the table the sheriff s face impassive under thinking . so you did . alright he said standing from his chair and his cap from the table beside him . i let you know if any more information comes out about your mother . yea sure get out of here and do your job i spat as i him to the door . as he stepped out onto the porch he turned back to me i don t mean to be insensitive but i hope that this is just some with a key to the morgue . for your sake . as he turned and towards his squad car i rolled my a petulant and juvenile act of impotent defiance . i the door closed catching the sheriff muttering a short verse under his breath . i t hear the but i t need to . i back on the couch mind to with all that had . a spiteful foe he more if you flee him . came by the house later in the day snatched a bag of from the diner on his way over after work . i had him not too long after the sheriff had left and he was more than willing to come keep me company after his shift at the run down old mill . we t much sitting in tense silence as evening came and . as the sun to dip behind the i turned to my friend . i don t get it man . why is this happening ? who would do something like that steal a corpse ? for a moment before . there are a lot of out in the world . bad people . it s just he off again . it s just what ? it s . people talk you know ? talk about the old talk about what to . what to your . . . he saw the tired exasperated look fall across my face . not that they mean anything by it it s just talk . just the old talking . i let slip a sigh too tired to be angry . man . known . word always quick in this town . raised his in wry agreement . so what are they saying ? i finally already knowing what he was going to say . he forward on the couch fidgeting with his half empty beer bottle obviously uncomfortable . just you know . it came and took her . . . like the rhyme . i in derision . yea ? what a load of . . fairing down at the diner he saw something last night . . she saw it walking down the street towards town . weird man . my chest tight as he said that the memory of a thin white limb just out of view brought screaming back to the front of my mind . what ? what did she say about it ? ah you know just something walking down the street . i mean she s old probably just half what principal green back when went missing you know ? i could tell he was holding back how he really felt being tender around my about s old lore . could tell he was . and truth be told so was i . i t know what i had seen what i really . we sat in contemplative silence for a few long both of us struggling against what we as truth and the strangeness that had seeped into our . night had fallen in earnest at this point the only lit by the dim lamppost across the street its bending l curve standing alone on the sidewalk . the rest of the world was by the blackness of a starless night and the of the . quietly down the rest of his beer as i towards the big front window lost deep in thought . the wind washed through the whistling down the street and causing the to gently rock back in forth almost hypnotically . a narrow pale face out from behind the at the end of the l curve . my scream caught in my throat by shock and disbelief as to what i was seeing . something behind the post stood up knowing it had been spotted . it up from its previous position matching the silhouette of the rising to a standing height taller than the utility post it behind . unnaturally thin impossibly so a thing two tall thin enough to hide behind a light pole . it stepped out from its place on stick thin a human form beyond the creative vision of any sane god . with a jointless awkward gait it stepped from where it stood pale flesh disappearing into the blackness beyond the dim lamp . i slowly turned back to . he was frozen next to me on the couch his locked on the window . he a name under his breath . a dull groaning creak in from somewhere in the old house a testing pressure on an external wall . and i upward catching each other s . the slow again from somewhere else outside the building . then the house fell silent . and i stood stock still holding our breath as the quiet coiled in around us . from upstairs we it a faint rattle as one of the antique window ground open . we go man . barely moving as he to the quiet above us . no no . this t real . it s not . it s not . i snatched up an empty beer bottle from the table in front of me . this . this . i took off towards the staircase my chosen weapon dashing up the three at a time . i protest but i had already made up my mind . i skidded to a halt at the top of the staircase straining against the darkness of the hallway that beyond me . ahead to my right was the door to my childhood bedroom shut tight . to the left the narrow alcove that the home s tiny washer and . and straight ahead the open door to my parent s room . the room in which my mother had . the door to that room sat open wide . beyond the frame i could see the window open and with the white on either side of it in the wind like manic . beyond the whistle of wind the hall was silent as death . i the bottle above my head to smash it over the head of anything i . i crept slowly forward locked on the open doorway before me . my bare the old house s to creak with gnarled protest as i made my way silently the groaning noise . after an agonizingly slow advance i the doorway steadying myself on the frame with my free hand . every step i took felt as if it would be my last as if whatever i had seen outside would lash out from the darkness to strike me down . god was it even real ? it had been so quick so ethereal . group hysteria right ? and i were just seeing . i t tell . the wind sending the towards me in of undulating fabric and shocking me from my . heart racing and wide i slowly there was nothing in the room . no no no thing from an old schoolyard rhyme . sighing with relief i turned back to face the hall in time to see cresting the joining me on the second floor . he spoke as he made his way towards me . man is there anything back there ? his voice was shaky with barely concealed terror . no . nothing i as he continued down the hall . nothing at all . man . . can we just get out of here ? t feel right . like the night . like he never got to finish his sentence . with fast and silent as flesh something from the partially ajar hatch on the . it narrow and its pale gaunt body from within the tiny space looping outward like a filling hose or . a leg then a shoulder an arm a hand its white worm like meat out into the hall . it was so so very thin absurdly so yet so tall that as it from its place its wiry form filled the hall like . so tall my mind with the task of how it had contorted itself into such a tiny opening . only the of the thing gave any indication that this twisted mass of unfolding something was in any way humanoid arms and alike ended in bearing as long as my leg that spasmed and like the of a fly trapped in a web . its head turning to face me with a blank predatory stare . its mouth was a wide lipless slit tightly shut . its were black glassy in its wormy visage wet with mucus and rolling in its skull . it its mouth as it saw me revealing a yawning black maw surrounded by from which jagged nub like teeth . the thing out into the hallway faster than either of us could have such a thing could ever move and unfolding into a mess of bent and white flesh between and i . i let out a scream terror and adrenaline all rational thought . stood stock still and on his breath into inaction . instinct me and i turned towards the room behind me dashing for the open window . i the thing slithering one of its bizarre snaking towards me pale meat and out to take me in its . i burst through the open window tendril like caressing the back of my neck as i narrowly what would have been certain death . as i rolled and along the roof of the porch i caught a glimpse back through the window as the thing turned away from me as i it and fixed its stare back down the hall towards . one last hard bounce and i was over the edge my weight into the gutter and tearing it free . i hit the ground heavily landing hard on my back and ripping the air from my . just as blackness me i start to scream . i was only out for a few at most drifting from traumatic unconsciousness to dizzy awareness as my body itself back to action . as i came to i found myself where i had fallen lying on my back among the grass of the front yard . i watched through hazy blurred by and pain as the thing past me towards the street . it towered above me forward on thin . as it it down at me with its passive staring face in little more than a disinterested glance . then i saw its stomach no longer narrow and pale like the rest of its body but instead and deep red like an overfed tick . from within came an awful slow grinding noise like the shifting of wet gravel in a slow motion blender the sound of what could have only been shredding flesh and bone . occasionally a shape would press weakly out against the translucent crimson skin the desperate broken and contorted face of my dying friend as the thing s took him apart . the thing stepped beyond me long like pale cable carrying its stride far out into the dimly lit street . away from me as it went disappearing into the darkness beyond the . as the dead weight of silence in all around me oppressive on my aching and fallen body i once again to the blackness . i recently decided to pass all the extra time on my with some video . i picked up a few but most of my time been spent on one . i won t go into all the about it but for those who don t know it s basically a game where you make your own the they give you . but it s really in depth and you can basically make whatever you want . for people who don t want to make anything there s plenty of content from other people to play . i out just passing the time with all the crazy stuff people came up with . there was plenty of bad content to sift through but some stuff that truly my mind too . i knew i could never make content as good as the creator s i really but i figured i could make something that was better than of the rest of the junk so i finally decided to try my hand at it . i out small nothing crazy just a simple platformer that i thought i could do well throwing in a little bit of my own personal twist on it to make it stand out a little . i m a bit of a perfectionist so even though the dream that s what user made are i designed t very complicated i spent about two on it . i mean i m the kind of person who every last detail . i had a boat in the background of a scene and though you only saw half of it i built the entire boat . when i finally it my number of were in the single after a week in . i mean i built stuff just for the fun of it not with the hope that it got popular but when you to making something and a game that somebody put together in a few one where you literally just run and jump off a cliff of it s a little disheartening . anyway i kept building because like i said the process itself is fun to me . i a whole month into this next one . i t working so i spent more time than i care to admit making every last detail . the first dream was an experiment a little tester to learn the system but this one was my magnum opus of . it was so big that there was some stuff i just t have time to make myself so i it . i guess i should explain again . in you can remix other people s and some just make and for other people to use . i tried to make my own but there were just a few that i t quite make look right so when i found them already made in other people s i that content into my own . it kind of sketchy the way i read it now but it s all mutual . you can only take stuff from someone s level if they allow it and you give them credit for it and like i said there s a whole group of people who just make stuff with the intention of it . back to my creation though . so i had just a few that i t make myself kind of complicated that i just t feel like time into . when i had the level finished i through it about a dozen times just it to make sure it was perfect . it had a whole plot and everything . i was really with myself and i secretly hoped at least a few people would notice it and enjoy it even if it t get popular . i posted my magnum opus and . some days went by and there was nothing . not even any . it was awful all that time i spent even though i had fun building it just to have no one see it . then i got the notification someone had my creation . i was satisfied . maybe not satisfied but it was still nice even if it was just one person . but the like with the message i ever gotten . listen in my t a new thing . usually it s someone with a really weird saying hello and nothing else or something about sex . but this one was absolutely strange and you see why . the message read exactly as this except for the sender s name and my name at the end which i for obvious . . a . a read ! . crazy right ? my first thought was to delete it but i had to save it for posterity because of how weird it was . it kept nagging on me too . when i first read it the made absolutely no sense i think on account of all the that were used . when i reread it i it was a perfectly cogent paragraph and that it just t make sense because it had absolutely no context . but this message was indeed something not just nonsense strung together . i it up a couple of days later after it again and realizing that it t total nonsensical . turned out it was from a s book . not just any book but one that i d read back when i was in middle school . i really just thought it was a coincidence until i read the new review posted on my creation . guess who the user was . yep the same one who left me the message . the review read just as strangely i no ! ! my i i . i should mention at this point that the game i made had absolutely nothing to do with but it t lost on me that both of the from this person did . what was the connection ? i had absolutely no idea . i still don t . it was another book i read too . i t recognize the quote outright i mean why would i but when i for it i knew the book it was from . i d been forced to read it in high school and can t exactly say i was a fan . in fact that book kind of made me hate reading but that s not the point . i d now had the same person send me a message and a review both i d read and nonsensical throughout . as innocuous as it all was it felt personal enough that i was officially out . i got another message before i really had the time to comprehend the of what i d been sent . by this time you can probably guess the content but here it is again copied exactly as is by . when i it i found i t read this book or the author but it s from a popular series i guess . i was so confused and my first instinct was to ignore it but like at the end of a bad mystery novel i still had to know so i sent a message to this user . went by and i got no response and it sort of left my mind . i onto another game that i bought not really anything new to make in at that moment . i made pretty good progress on my new game shut it down one night came back the next morning and found my saved data . if you know the current generation of then you know that you can have your saved automatically back up to the cloud . i have this feature turned on so although i was that my data was for this game i t out . except my data t in the cloud either . cool great now i was . the game was . if you re familiar then you know why i was so mad at losing that saved data . let s just say it s a hard game . i hung that game up not in the mood to retrace my through its boss and at that moment . maybe later but no not right then . back to i went . i on a new level . i t really have anything in mind was just kind of messing around doing what the game was meant for and just and my creativity go wild . i ended up making some really cool stuff . came back the next day and it was all gone . at this point i was ready to blame my console . something was wrong with it . that s a horrible feeling thinking an expensive piece of machinery is broken . then i got it another message the last one i d receive . here it went . . i t bother looking up this quote . i tell you what i did . i blocked that user finally . i went back to my magnum opus the thing i d spent a month on and each day thinking i d remix my own level i had some new to change it up and secretly hoped that i might make the popular this time around . when i loaded the level up i was by a library . remember i said that my creation had nothing to do with ? yeah this library t something i made . but here it was huge and full of towering . and when i left it i was surrounded by still . they towered everywhere like . but you know i did recognize this bookcase that was being used . it was one that i had used another user s creation that i took to save myself some time . i my creation and the whole thing . i went to load up the first thing i d ever made and it was just more . i unplugged my ps then and there . one day i might go back to maybe when i think this person forgotten about me when i think my saved data is safe hell when i think i m safe because at the rate my data was vanishing i t know if i d start finding real stuff disappearing next . but for now i think i go spend some time reading a book . i suppose a little introduction and a brief explanation might be necessary following my initial post about a letter from a colleague in as i i am a doctor of psychiatric medicine employed by the department of defense specifically the us navy . i am also a veteran as a navy hospital corpsman from to mainly as a fleet marine force medic before well that s a story for another day . i my m . d . in and have been working with the dod on traumatic brain injury and post traumatic stress disorder since my residency . as with my previous post some of these hold bizarre that call into question both the mental state of the patient as well as the possibility of some other unknown element . as a scientist it to lend any credence to of the supernatural but a good scientist leaves no stone un turned . looking back on it my as an m . d . are not my first exposure to the stress by war or the possible influence of unexplained . my first brush with this sort of incidence was as a long before i put on a uniform or set foot in . it s been a long standing tradition with my mother s side of the family to serve in the us military . of all who did over the past century only one chose anything but the navy my great grandfather or jack pronounced " " . jack from as a boy in and in the united marine corps during the great war . it was here that the the nickname devil dogs for their ferocity while fighting against in the of the countryside . for me the mental image i had of never fit with jack he was always so expressive and eager to tell us of the world back when . ever quick with a humorous anecdote or tale to make my and i laugh until our hurt but never once did he bring up his time in the marine corps . like most with a rich military history and get meant that the younger would gather around and listen as the would tell . these inevitably got wilder or more ridiculous as the beer and whiskey continued to flow . jack however never spoke of his time in the during he would just sit in his chair staring off at nothing while my and grandpa told tales of their time in the navy . when i was eight i can distinctly remember encouraging my to try and help me goad some cool war out of jack who was at the time . when no one else i up the gumption myself . as i recall nobody not even his own sons ever him about the war or his time with the i discovered why in short order . out of innocent curiosity i over to my in his favorite chair to hear some new . hey i how come you never talk about your time in the ? what was it like ? did you see any neat or cool like grandpa or uncle ? i remember the look that he gave me . it was a look i had never seen on him or anyone else before it was dark and terrifying like a mix of anger fear and something else something evil . it was an incongruous look to my otherwise jovial and it the color right out of my skin . don t ask of hell boy he said in a low rasp audible only to me or the devil may come to tell you his . he went back to looking off at nothing and i never ask him again . in when i was old jack away quietly in his bed . he was by no a wealthy man but he had done well for himself in his way . his will divided many of his more prominent or valuable among the older of the family and i was a notification of inheritance . i was to take ownership of the large wooden steamer trunk that had sat at the foot of his bed and all the contents therein . i remember seeing it as a child sitting on it even always assuming that it or or the like . maybe i was to inherit an old man smelling duvet or something . still i knew that jack was the sort of man to do himself rather than buy them so i had bet that he d actually built the chest . i thought it strange that someone would leave an old trunk in their will and it made me wonder how many marbles jack had left when he wrote it . but despite the oddness i was grateful to have been thought of . it t until a few after his passing that my were able to make time to travel up to jack s house . he lived in show low built his house himself in the mid s after retiring from the national forest service around the same time . we lived in about three and a half hour s drive from our suburban house to jack s rustic ranch home in the apache national forest . it was a nice break from the grid and sprawl of phoenix in the s to take the back through the desert and into the lower . you can almost convince yourself that you t in as the cacti gave way to and the year round heat of the valley to the fresh forest air . my uncle was taking over as the sole owner of the house . meanwhile my other uncle and aunt had come their inheritance and returned to their own respective . ours was the last pilgrimage and as uncle was still overseas we had run of the property for a few days . in this time i my collect their and clean and organize the rest of the house before covering over the furniture and making for the home to be uninhabited for at least the next year . while jack had been a relatively neat man his home reflected the eclectic nature of his long life and there was quite a bit to sort pack or sell . it t until the fifth day a day before we were set to leave that i had time to remember that i too was in the will . that morning my had a meeting with somebody about something being at the time that sort of thing t interest me enough to care who or what so i thought it would be the perfect opportunity to clean up my trunk empty out whatever moth balled may be in it and spend the rest of the day taking some target practice with one of the many my had left to uncle i was sure that he t mind so long as i them . with my gone i went in to jack s room and went straight for the trunk . i remember as a child the thing huge almost like a window seat more than a trunk . now being pretty much full grown it t nearly as massive . it was an old worn steamer trunk with faded brass leather and binding with the main skin being a faded thick woven fabric over the wooden beneath . it like something from the titanic . opening the trunk i noted that it smelled about the same . inside the box on one side there was an old leather book with a piece of note paper with my name written on in jack s familiar scrawl . on the other there was a dark colored wooden box with a keyhole in it but no key . i took the book out and set it aside to further examine the contents before reading . i was something of a history buff and could only hope that this was a first hand account of the first world war by jack . beneath it sat an old marine corps uniform cover hat to you non military a silver star medal a box of loose old and a few . cool and of time past i thought but my attention returned to the book . maybe this had the he never to tell . maybe he had a friend who he had lost in battle or a lover before my great grandmother that was too painful to remember out loud . whatever the case the urge to finally uncover jack s war the curiosity of the locked box i knew that i would get to it eventually . in the meanwhile sitting on the floor next to the trunk i jack s journal all agog of the within . . . strange though as i thumbed through there were only four th . when i left for this war my sister had given me this journal . until now i haven t had the desire to write my . the transit to the old is much as it was coming to as a boy long sea on stinking cramped . only this time i am surrounded by grown men instead of and the luggage are by dough and . i remember many men becoming ill from the of the sea but it never much affected my constitution . in retrospect the voyage was the first time reality had set in for many of my fellow as if the drunken patriotism that brought us to sign up had given way to a sober reality that we were bound to a fight that for many will end in an early grave . i myself among that group as well . against the pleading of my mother i to fight for my new homeland before i had a lineage and this only on me as the first night at sea brought the quiet of weeping men who had made the same conclusion . i did not weep but i could feel the desire looming in the background of my . today the end of our first week in the . it is cold here against all logical reason for the time of year . much of the grass given way to mud by boots and with blood . but for luck i am surviving as each time we advance the mow us down with machine gun fire and . for every inch we cover it as though men for it and as we advance we walk across the of our dead . some of these men i recognize some i do not . i know the difference between i and them is nothing but chance and but for that i live another day . these are ruthless in their tactics often aiming low to cripple a man and waiting for or the of to mash their into the mud . there no end to our to overtake the line and we shall be reduced to nothing if our luck t change . perhaps tonight i shall pray either for victory or a swift death . may nd . . we to come in at a flank to our enemy taking an element by surprise . finally a taste of victory though our are fare than they have been . several have come and gone have come and gone to where i hardly recognize the of the men i fight beside . i have come to realize that i am one of the last of my group . though many times the have come towards me they never strike . i advanced and upon an enemy today as he was prepared to run me in though his bayonet never me and yet mine landed true . perhaps the lord is me and blessing me with his grace as i fight . men beside me have while i yet live . surely this is more than simple luck each time they levy towards me i move unscathed . i shall continue to pray for he to be listening . may th . . today a gas was unleashed upon us . it filled the ground with a thick impenetrable fog . as the dense fog gave way to a grey mist it like the of hell itself . those of us unfortunate enough to have poor or no mask at all the wrath of the devil himself . i saw men foaming from the mouth shaking and rattling with such violence that their snapped and blood seeped from their and . even still they volley and machine gun fire into the dying men ripping their off as they suffer from the gas . no man of god would take such revel in the suffering of men . war is one thing this is of another . this is evil . no the we fight are not men but sent by himself . yet as if by divine providence i continue unharmed . i have continued to pray each night and each day i am life . i am starting to believe that god may have something in mind for me yet . why else to spare me while my and are reduced to meat ? i may not understand his will but i am confident that it is by his will alone that i continue . may th . . last night god revealed his plan to me my mission clear . i saw before me his throne of with the of god sat below faceless and from the of the hell they serve . he cast a burning sword into my hand and that i should strike his down before the throne cleansing satan from his realm . i awoke with mindfulness to my mission given to me by god . these faceless and evil will be cast down into a lake of fire for all eternity and there will be a reminder kept of the wickedness they serve . i am the lord s vengeful wrath . our men through the enemy line this morning the last stronghold of the devil s to be met with no resistance from the enemy . i stayed low so that i would not be mistaken for one of the devil s own . as our men i could see the confusion and bewilderment on their . surely more to die that day but for us the lord himself proved his mercy and us victory in his name . i sat before them in the enemy camp exhausted from my work . i had come like a plague through a thief in the night and sent the faceless enemy to stand before almighty god and his . in all twenty three i had slain in the night though there were at least twice as many . from trench to trench i went as they lay sleeping quiet as an avenging angel and slit the demon s . one demon saw me and made to call out a warning to his fellow but my blade struck true and silenced his with his own unholy blood . the must have and seen my holy work and fearful for their sinful for they sole away into the night . i piled the into a single trench and set them ablaze sending them in their true form to stand divine as the sun to rise only before the men came to join me . i have done the deed to me by the one true god and returned his to the of hell keeping from them the reminder of this divine work . the commander he to put me in for a commendation but these material pale before the glory of god s work . some must fear that the enemy may soon return in greater but i knew that the lord would continue to shepherd me and use me as his holy weapon against satan and his here on earth . i am his wrath and his vengeance and i will serve his will until he me home . this was the final entry . i figured that was enough though . in shock i my to make sense of what i had just read . was the sweet old man i knew as jack really capable of doing these ? i had never known him to be overly pious he mass on but beyond that he t get deep into religion with us as . they say the most religious person is the man in the fox hole so i let it all roll off of me despite the image of my kindly great grandfather severely shaken . the mind to make sense of what it and what we do in times of extreme stress so i this piousness and sense of moral right was how a good man could come to justifying such brutal in wartime . maybe my grandpa and knew this story and it was the reason they went into the navy instead of the marine corps it must take two full to recover from something like that . if nothing else it why he never spoke of his time in the . about to set the journal down i a lump in the back . to the last page i saw that there was a button pocket sewn into the back cover . opening it i found a small brass key knowing exactly what lock it would open . at this point did i really want to see any more than i already had ? my image of jack was all but at this point and i t know if i could stand to see a bloody bayonet or read any more of his time in the war . then again it could be some artifact from something innocuous or something completely unrelated to the great war . i d of the elderly hoarding away cash gold or for fear of another great depression and that time in history was jack s wheelhouse so curiosity and perhaps a touch of greed my as i apprehensively unlocked the wooden mystery box . i the lid and my heart out a rhythm of fear as the color drained from my face and my turned to water . a cold sweat ran through me and it took every ounce of composure i had not to wretch . dizzily the of s journal came back to me and everything agonizingly clear this is what he meant by keeping a reminder of his divine work . this is what he meant by sending them back to hell in their true form . from the box skinned human back at me open in a permanent scream . i t need to count because i knew that i would find twenty three of them . back something caught my eye to the inside of the box lid was a simple note with two that made my heart sink and my water over in in jack s handwriting it said simply you . as a doctor and a scientist i recognize that the human mind to compensate for trauma but this is usually for a short period of time like a fugue state or a complete blockage . it like this fugue state in my for several days instead of the more common brief episode . and how would a man in a time of infantry war be able to single sneak into an enemy camp and do the he had done ? let alone last the entire time in battle without being so much as wounded ? maybe i m that t there and i recognize that . but the more i study and deal with like these the more i wonder if there is something like a thin silver spider s thread that you can only see when the light it just right . or maybe it s nothing but a broken mind trying to cope . rick froze in his . apparently he d seen something interesting enough to distract him from killing my father s murderer even if only for a from my arm to my mouth . once i that he was seeing my tattoo and my i made no attempt to hide them . rick very sad . you say you want to stick around to the end of the hunt and i get it . but you t have the truth until now . he turned to face and i felt her hatred run through my . you can t hunt big game without leave a piece of yourself behind . i from my arms still hatefully wrapped around each other over to my father s corpse and then back to rick . what s been done can never be undone i emptily before tossing him the i d been holding . watch out for traps . every chamber at least one . he snatched the from took one in each hand and them . to a perfect . he noted quietly . they were my father s i . it s all i could get out before again . back away rick this bitch is mine . he finally broke free of s grasp and stood up . i knew your father rick shot back impatiently . if he were here he d tell you not to be a idiot . he askance at my brother . am i wrong ? was mute . rick turned to face . she . every part of her had become animalistic her skin was alabaster white her face had and each finger unnaturally long and thin . she stepped toward the back of the chamber reaching intuitively for a small step . the ground slightly beneath her . rick broke into a run and everything very quickly after that . rick ! i . the step it s the trap ! to the other side of the ledge and the ground . the half of the platform where she was standing like a broken elevator while the other half rose . only then did i notice two dark taut descending to the middle of each half of the platform . it was an elaborate scale connected by a pulley system . rick had been mid jump when the ground so he was unable to adjust in time . his hit the platform and he forward . one of the flew from his grip and rolled off the edge into oblivion . flew into the air hovering above rick . she was smiling but her expression extracted joy rather than spreading it . she pounced just as rick sprang to his and then everything was a blur . only one thing was exceptionally clear would have if he had actually her . any of us would have . faster than i could process any physical attack on her would have been akin to an obese man facing a megaton meteor in a fight . somehow rick was able to keep up . despite his thickish frame the man like a leopard as he back and forth with . she snapped her at him with the same frequency that he jabbed the stake at her chest . each one by less than an inch every time . and through it all rick and a delicate ballet with the scales . they would move back and forth first lifting one side then raising the other as their battle like a prancing shadow just before sunset . and despite his incomprehensible skill one thing was very clear . rick was losing . s ability to fly was just too great to overcome . she from one platform to the next with almost no effort but rick was to the edge of exhaustion by vaulting his body from ledge to falling ledge . i could feel her intent . she was wearing him out . in just a few would move in for the coup de grace and he would be too weak to stop her . i to cry . but i also to know if she was aware of just how apparent her plan had become . did realize that i was reading her ? my gut said no . that s when rick . he leapt up and one descending chain like a spider his stake into a link then to the ascending platform . when his weight the momentum and his half of the scale the stake lodged firmly into the and brought all movement to a halt . pounced . with rick weaponless he had to fight her manually . i don t know if it was rick s fear or my own but i was suddenly petrified . her snapping saber teeth bit down just in front of his face over and over again . i waved to my who up at me . i silently my knowing that comprehension had to be perfect the first time or the situation would be hopeless . then i flew toward the battle stopping just a few away . up from rick she had enough of an upper hand to spare a few attention . i nearly shat myself . her had grown even longer and the had entirely from her . everything about her was parchment white . are you really willing to give up your entire life just to delay rick s inevitable death ? she in a voice that had to sound human . do you think you have even the chance in a fight ? believe me i been told plenty of times that i m not good enough for a fight i angrily . you re my intent . she wrapped one hand around rick s throat . his face instantly turned blue . what i am really good at you bitch i through teeth is providing a distraction . who had silently the chain the stake from the link . s platform instantly . she rick as she lost her balance . rick like a shadow . he her forward and they both onto the other platform . then he her head to the ledge where the original platform was descending rapidly . it t even slow down as it cleanly at the neck . let go of the chain and fell hard to the ground enough to hurt himself so badly that he t spring back up . but could . the stake to his where he quickly snatched it up . rick ! he before throwing the weapon . the floor was still in motion but s aim was perfect . rick the stake from the air just as s headless body stood . she and rick sprang at each other falling off the scale and landing at our . my breath stopped as i that rick had ended up beneath her pinned to the ground . was our cause hopeless even when the enemy s head was missing ? then her body to the side and rick from underneath her . the stake lay in her chest run clean through to the other side . i fell to my . you won . me rick we won . he stood and down at me sadly . for a moment no one spoke . rick . we won ? what does that look like ? he ran his through hair that was just beginning to thin . more of them will hate us than ever before . we need to tell the gathering to prepare for a retaliation . he directly at me . hunting mangel never winning . the fight only when you die . carried dad s while i his . was too injured from the fall to help he had to limp his way out . i had to look at my father s face the entire time because it was impossible close my or look away without tripping . the pain would have me but the fissure was my saving grace . the piece of my mind was too broken to cause any pain . without the part of me that used to have hope i was saved from complete despair . we brought dad s body home and it . then we each went to separate to pretend it was a secret that we cried ourselves to sleep . i had victory to feel entirely different . i turned a corner and froze . stood by the door staring oddly at me . was a few away . we t since dad three days . i t know how to interpret his expression because i had never seen it before . was me . i to kill you for what you little brother he spoke distantly . sometimes i get so angry that it easier to fix the i break than to control myself . i t move . he crossed his arms in a protective stance . dad i know he told you to flank just before he just before . he you to follow his . his jaw the working starkly back and forth across his cheek . you did exactly what he said . it s the reason i m alive . he to himself . dad t live long enough to see you save me . i . do you think he was of me ? the pause between us had enough gravity to pull on me . he you . i t doubt it . turned to look through the window that was set in the top of the door . we been told that the of s congregation have another . supposedly some of s people will be out tonight and we intend to find out what they know . i to offer of support . stay safe felt so hollow though . what the did it matter if i told them that ? would they switch from the not safe plan to the better idea option just because of an asinine platitude ? instead i said nothing . to the ground . thing is we got a plan for a three person operation and need another . this pause was also weighty . i my eye . out a stake and for a brief moment i was afraid that he might hurt me because we hurt the we love most of all . but the stake was pointed toward him so i the handle . his forearm revealed the flame on his skin just a few across from the exposed on mine . i took the weapon and . then he the door and the three of us into the name is . i ' m writing this because i don t know how much time i have left . the let me take some time to write down some about the that took place a couple back . as you can tell i am in a mental hospital i m not crazy ! at least i don t think i am i swear all the that i will tell about are all real ! it all when i was at my house . for safety i m going to name him . me over to his house to out and play video . s went out drinking with their so we had the whole house to ourselves . it was around am when had that his were at a friend ' s house so we both decided that i will spend the night . had told me about what was happening on his front door about the knocking . i t believe him since i saw that he was a horror game . so i it off thinking it was his mind on his mind . as we were sitting in the gaming room we both a knock at the door . told me not to go so i stayed back . i his voice crack up as he was petrified . when i stayed back the knocking stopped . i m sure that written something already about this event that in our . is known to write but i skip some that he wrote about . i still have the three scratches on my arm to this day . when i left it was still in the morning me and said our . i left because i was but then again if i stayed with could have gone different . i probably t be in the mental hospital right now . when i got home my had left already . they had a party they were to for my father ' s work so they t miss it . it was still after noon when i to take a walk in the . i have a little camp in my that i use to do target practice with my . i was pretty deep in the i only had my flash light and my pistol . it was getting dark but i t want to go back now because i to shoot . i wish i would have gone back as i was walking down i came across a cave . i decided to go in and wait for the morning my knew where i was . it t a big cave it t deep either . it was just big enough for me to go in the cave comfortably i fell asleep because i was tired . when i woke up the next day i t in the cave . i thought to myself saying i must have in my sleep . however i t find my weapon and my pistol was gone . i tried looking for it and eventually found it it had no in it so i decided to go back home . i ended up getting lost that day . i tried my but my phone was out of . when i was trying to get back home i kept getting the feeling as if i was being watched . i kept looking back every once and a while to make sure i t being . it to get dark when i a knocking on a tree it t a woodpecker because it like a human knocking on a door . i tried to avoid the knocking but i was unsuccessful . the noise kept following me whenever i farther away from it needless to say i to run once i it again . it to get dark again and i was getting . i keep at myself for only one clip of ammunition . the knocking stopped but the feeling of being watched t . i back and saw the beast . he was looking at me with those weird sunken eye . he was tall about tall . he was grey with long arms that slid on the ground as he . his like they were half the size of his body . his were long and sharp . it like he had for and . they were covered in a liquid i believe it was blood . his jaw was nowhere to be seen he just had razor sharp teeth going down his neck . i to run but my fear me i was stuck in place . i saw that thing walking towards me as it out it s that day i found out that he t knocking . that was just his noise he when he towards his prey . when he got up to me he t attack me . he did take me somewhere i think it was his nest . it smelled like blood and . when i was able to open up my i saw myself hanging . all i saw were it was a disgusting scene . when i the knocking again i knew he was close . i saw him in the corner of my he was over . i think he was eating when he came up close to me all i saw was blood smeared across his teeth . the creature the knocker was right here . i smelled the blood and death that him he cut me down . when he did this i ran i saw an opening that light in the hell hole i was in . i him towards me . he stepped on some causing them to burst i made it out of the cave alive but t believe my . i was in the same cave i slept in . i t believe my i was close to the firing range . i quickly ran to it to try to see if i had any there . i to find clips for my pistol i loaded up the gun and headed back home . when i was heading back home i . the police were in the looking for me i my gun and went to the police to tell them about the cave . when i found them they t believe me i convinced one of the to follow me to the cave . i told them that there was something unusual in the cave . as we got to the cave entrance i the knocking . the officer who i was with t seem to hear it when we got to the cave there was nothing there . no no blood nothing . he t believe me and i to scream . he t calm me down so he me out . when i was up i found myself in the mental hospital . i still hear the knocking from time to time but i grew used to it . i to hear the scraping on the door to my cell too . the other seem to hear it too . my told me to write down what led me here . so i did i kept telling my i still hear the knocking but they don t seem to care . my name is i am a patient at a mental hospital in freedom . i m now and i still hear the knocking the knocker t seem to care where i am . he will always find his next victim no matter where they are . his mother giving birth to him and i ' t forgive him for it if that me something rotten then so be it . i wept dryly by her dying side and as the and me out of my seat so as to attend to the for the mutant responsible for the death of the bloated woman lying in the plastic hospital bed in front of me . the her body away and brought me to the boy with ropy tumorous skin covering his mouth . they assured me that a procedure to remove the fleshy patch keeping his mouth shut could be and they would just need me to sign off on it . i did and handed the cold and whimpering child with no mouth off to the them excusing myself to the bathroom . the primary physician to regard me with some understanding pity but how could he ? i stood in the bathroom my rubber soles against the solid beneath my . the man looking back at me from the mirror to be much smaller than i . i ' d been so red and boisterous and ready for the family life . now the man there his and his hair to be greasy and gray . his that of a bull in the arena looking up and death and darting . i briefly what it would be like to kill myself . i could buy a gun go home paint the . this conclusion was wholly unreasonable i know . this would leave the boy alone in the world . though more importantly everyone would regard me as a poor parent . so i was stuck . adoption ? perhaps . call it a grief induced confusion if you want but i prefer to call it being taken away on a wave of . high tide low tide . moving quickly between the proposition of acting as a good newly single father and being the bastard that out when most . i was deeply sad . that is my only defense and that . after washing my face in the deep bowl of the hospital bathroom i back down the lime green hallway to press my face against the window of the nursery where my son lay . he rolled back and forth twisting his small and inconsequential in all with his wide open in terror flaring . he wished to belt out a scream like any other baby might and yet was even that . the came from him small . they cut him a new mouth and as he it was almost easy to ignore the jagged look of his . the assured me they would heal nicely with time and that i would hardly be able to even notice they ' d ever been sealed shut . i took my son home and within the week i buried my wife . the funeral was brief and small . the baby did manage to cry out with its mouth on that day . so did i . i ' d cry into my pillow as the small boy lay on the bed next to me . he would look up at me with curious blue milky and the world would fall away for a little while . time went by . . one morning i awoke to my alarm and was to find that my baby ' t crying from his crib . i could hear him struggling in his haphazard and i could tell he was to muffle out a high babe scream . i to the crib that he was choking on something . as i down into the crib i saw him staring up at me with those pleading blue . he had no mouth . it had sealed itself over again . his hysterically and his soft out below his twisting torso . i panicked . i took my child up in my arms and rushed him to the kitchen phone in hand ready to dial . i could feel the boy thrashing in my arms and i almost him but abandoned the phone instead . the shot from my hand and slid across the kitchen . he was and snot and vomit shot from his nose . the image of me holding the limp form of my dead baby in my shot through my mind and i decided that was not going to happen . it was quick enough work . i a long knife from the block on the counter and him over the sink as i him a smile . was i doing the right thing ? the dam in his throat broke and the sink drain with blood and vomit . i . he . i was and sick to my stomach . i was immediately struck with how small i felt . was this what being a parent was like ? surely no one else in the history of the world had ever had to perform such a macabre act on their infant . down my face as i him on the spine and he up in the sink . . he would come up to me in the morning i would brush his hair neatly straighten his shirt cut him a new mouth for the day and send him on his merry way . i would be lying if i said that the thought of sending him off to school with runny red ' t eat me up most nights . beyond his poor eating and his strange mouth problem he is a lovely child . i swear i can ' t get that to eat anything . sometimes after i dinner i find the contents of his plate in the trash . although he must be getting enough nutrition . he ' t seem to be wasting away . the first startling clue was when the dogs in the neighborhood going missing . it ' t the thing in the world to be sure but seeing as we live in a rather upscale gated community it was definitely odd to have a dog burglar on the prowl . then the dogs " would be found in undeveloped of the community or in sewer . each of them had massive hunks of flesh taken from their as though they ' d been on . speculation of wild or mountain ran rife through the neighborhood and i was sure to keep a closer eye on my boy so that he ' t be up by some wily beast . i him a puppy for his fifth birthday and he said something to me that chilled me to the bone " thank you daddy ! i ' been so hungry ! " i thought this was a strange quip and nothing more initially but i sleep with the dog in my bed these days as sometimes i can see my son giving the poor thing a sideways glance with a twinkle in his eye . i ' m beginning to wonder whether or not he was born without a mouth for a reason . i don ' t know if i plan on giving him his smile this morning . it was the middle of the night and i was on a long trip to see an old friend after going to of class and then working an hour shift . to say i was tired would be a gross understatement . being and therefore invincible in my young mind of course i this problem by down two large energy in a row as i drove down the dark highway in my truck . that ' s just as good as sleep right ? well i ' t know that the combination of sugar caffeine the hypnosis of the open road and a very long day apparently similar effects to being really high and paranoid . first my shaking as i down the long empty black highway at the seemingly infinite darkness . my rising blood pressure gave me a headache . it made me sweat and i felt my heartbeat pounding in my head . i feeling paranoid and i was convinced i would get over and the officer would assume i was drunk or high and arrest me for . i desperately for a place to pull off the highway . finally my salvation came from the only exit i had seen in several . i got off of it and made a left driving down the pitch black black top through flat . i more paranoid and desperate as i saw there were no to pull off and rest only narrow on either side and vast flat corn for . i was extremely relieved when i saw the of a small town up ahead . i grew up in a little farm town just like this and i felt right at home . the first sign that something was off was when i a good old boy sleeping in his truck next to the highway . i should have taken it as a warning . the highway finally ended in the town square which was only surrounded by a few of small . i in front of the grassy square and saw that the highway picked up again on the other side . looking around i could see they had a large fire burning in the middle a playground and a few other small like and a post office . there were also a few around . it was only then that i the town was completely quiet . no one ' s were on and the fire burning in the massive fireplace in the center of the square was left unattended . where was everyone ? i ' t have the energy to ponder these as my adrenaline to wear off . long tiredness finally set in and my were too heavy to stay open . i i had to relieve myself but i was trying to stay hidden . there was the empty energy drink can next to me . that would work . after my bladder i relaxed . i closed my as i took in the of the fire the grass the black cat on a leash the old lady staring at me out of her window . . . next thing i knew i snapped awake . it had only been two according to the clock on my truck dashboard but i felt great and . i was about to start the truck . . . why was that black cat on a leash ? out of the corner of my eye i saw a curtain peeling back and an old lady staring at me . i to feel paranoia again but this time it was not induced by energy and sleep deprivation . my were screaming at me to get out of there quickly . i turned back the key though and the when a little girl came skipping by me toward a large metal building . what made me want to hide was what she was singing . " we ' re get an outsider ! we ' re get an outsider ! " i quietly slipped out of the truck and back down the road i ' d come in on . there were some kind of on the road blocking both ways into . . . and therefore out of town . i had my truck into some so i guess i was hidden from being seen by whoever put them there . the little girl into the metal building and i saw through a window all the townspeople were inside . i slipped quietly up to the window and watched . the sheriff was sitting on a stage with some community . well so much for calling for help if this thing went south . i got a horrible feeling of dread . every small town like the one i came from had from . the little girl ' s suddenly settled in . i was the outsider . one man who to be a farmer in his stood and spoke . " our are failing . that black cat is only a fill in . you know what we really need to please the earth . " every one their consent when the sheriff stood up and out like a small town preacher . " oh ye of little faith ! how quickly you ' forgotten . don ' t you remember ? " he up a large burlap sack in one hand and a rope in the other . " the highway will provide ! " everyone repeated . " the highway will provide . " i in horror as i the sack was big enough to hold a man and the rope could keep him tied in there . i to think that fire in the square ' t just for roasting . i turned and quietly ran back across the road but hard into a large stone monument . i was a quick reader and saw what it said . " to the memory of the great famine of . when we with hunger here in this town square ready to cook our own for survival . we will forever be grateful for that weary traveler who came sputtering into our town square and saved us all . the highway will provide ! " i tried not to vomit and ran the rest of the way to my truck . the cat and at me with desperation . . . when i in the cab i a shuffling sound behind me . i back and saw the old lady hurriedly going over to the building . she straight at me and gave me smile i ' ever seen . she was going to tell them ! i fired up the old truck and spun around to leave just as the townsfolk out into the road to block me . the cat up on my lap and at them as if to say " screw you people ! " one man pointed . " he ' s stealing our sacrifice ! " the sheriff tried to pull his gun . " we need him to satisfy the earth . stop that city boy ! " i got mad . now on top of trying to make me their human sacrifice they were insulting me . i the urine filled can at him and . " i ' t a city boy you freak ! " the can hit him and its contents all over him . " it ' s pee ! " he and bent over and vomiting . i some lady say " how rude ! " that was it . i ' d had enough of these people . i my truck engine making them all dive for cover as i flew past and blasted through the wooden barricade . they all ran to their trucks and four outside the building and came after me . the sheriff must have the guy sleeping in his truck up ahead because he out onto the highway and blocked it . i went off road and tore through the parallel cornfield as several trucks and four came up behind me and people shot at the truck . fortunately it ' s hard to shoot while bouncing through a cornfield and none of them hit . the cat ' s were big and it like a combination of relieved and at the same time as it probably if it had just a hundred crazy people for one one . i down at him . " you and me both cat . " i past the guy in the truck blocking the highway but he his engine and ran alongside me trying to pit maneuver me as i onto the highway and peeled rubber . fortunately i came out just ahead of him and my v engine was a lot bigger than his little import he a truck . the townspeople me all the way to the interstate as i crossed the overpass and peeled out while making a left turn onto the on ramp . my were sweaty and i was clinging to the steering wheel with a death grip while pressing the gas pedal to the gunning down the highway toward the endless horizon . the cat on my lap and than my engine out of sheer gratitude . i felt the same as i said a prayer of thanks . i in the mirror and all the townsfolk were out of their and on the overpass as the sun rose . they all slowly a hand into the air as if bidding me some creepy farewell . " the highway will provide . " i thought to myself as i tore down the highway . this is the letter i ' m not sure what to do next . i still haven ' t unpacked my " someone finding this page that i am no longer the resident of this crooked mansion most likely dead . st . was an opportunity for me and my soon to be wife to finally settle down build a family develop our respective as in a remote yet inspiring environment . our were nothing short of majestic all we intended was to lead largely uninteresting . clearly that was not the case . you of course bought this borderline " palace " as she to call it for a killer price exactly like us . that should have been the first warning sign that " too good to be true " sensation stirring inside your gut . it ' s about time you get to meet jane the person i in this very home with and my now ex almost wife . she was the love of my life and perhaps the most uniquely normal woman i have ever and will ever meet . albeit she ' s a tiny bit totally dead . but you ' come to find that unless you ' re halfway across by now the are . . . a little loose in this house . i can only imagine the excruciating pain she felt being crushed by one hell of a bookcase . the mere thought my stomach churn in disgust it was me who found her . just three days after moving in our dream forever home she was nothing but a pile of meat . and thus my journey through literal hell begun . in fact in the heat of the moment i ' t notice the slowly peeling wallpaper behind said fallen bookcase . it was only days of cleaning half remains and blood that i what to be the reason why my then deceased wife was prying behind there in the first place . with the bookcase out of the way and of the wallpaper already removed in one swift motion i finished what my intended to do . behind a door hung from its rusty . it would not budge . not the hammer nor my sheer will to find whatever the f my lover ' s life could open that door . and the i it the slow dreadful screech of sharp being run across the inside of the door heavy breathing . it was potentially that sound that j of hearing that morning which i promptly . i stood lifeless to oblivion and back . what i was hearing was impossible . i decided against opening the door not only out of fear but because the of losing everything hit me . i had nothing left . i myself to sleep seeking my lover ' s consolation yet it was in vain . the following days i did my best to write write write . i had to somehow distract myself from my current situation at least until i was calm enough to act instead of being a puppet in this game we call life . days turned into and while i was able to cope with her death time irrelevant . everything did really there ' s nothing quite like losing someone you ' known your whole life and solely on for your emotional support amongst other . as time went on the barely audible scratching of the metal door behind the bookcase the same one i more than a month ago never really stopped . sometimes it would be soft and gentle . . not . it ' t matter either way whatever it was we were now . it living in behind that closed door me roaming around the rest of the house . it was a cold moody evening the famous desert by rain . the scratching was loud and i inevitably . i had been in my office when the noise turned from faint to ear . i inched towards the bookcase red and dreadfully moving it just as j had when it suddenly fell . crushing her and me alike . the door was revealed . i to open it no brute force was it could open and close without resistance . i stepped inside surprisingly by merely another room . it was frozen in time the furniture to be from the time the building was being nothing out of the ordinary i said almost someone to hear me . i stepped out shut the door behind me and ' t look back . i the wooden bookcase with care as to not meet the same fate as my lover . the scratching continued and i eventually did the only thing that made sense . i put it off to and the like . june th . the date i made the mistake the one that eventually lead to the writing of this letter . i home security . without fail every night the security would go off as on the . evidently it was the . i in fact never awoke so i can ' t tell for sure what would happen . rd . by the going off i decided to check the camera footage from the night before . i saw the bookcase just enough for the door to open . the person that was me . world . " i just to bang a . five of them . all at once . . . . flying through the air . . . . as my graduating class of cheered me on from below . is that really too much to ask ? i ' t think so and i knew were low that this would come to be in the waking world . low mind you not impossible . that and other i tell myself . but being under quarantine for the past many made me doubt that literal blue would be flying low enough for me to hitch a ride . plus most of my were either in prison or trying to sell me essential . their would probably have the opposite effect i was going for . i had time is what i ' m trying to say . from work on rent assistance from my landlord and in a state with legal weed . not that its legality stopped me before . i to do something to keep me . what does it say about me that i chose to get real good at sleeping rather than pick up some sort of essential skill that would actually my life ? no i ' m actually . that ' s a bad sign right ? sorry i ' m rambling . i ' m a little tired . maybe it was because i never slept properly . my would tell me i would have night as a child . they would rush into my bedroom and find me on the floor crying . apparently i would thrash and roll off the bed anything in the way like a dresser or night stand . poor and dad they actually had to answer a few from the school about the bruising . luckily they were the kind of people . they knew they ' t the hurting me . in high school and college the night went away . my mind was probably preoccupied by other more horrific such as and . or the fact kept leading me on and left me sleepless many night torturing myself over her . " . . . focus . anyway . i somehow graduated . a semester or two . . . or three later than i should have but i graduated . and actually got better . into my own place . got a decent job . well decent enough i could afford weed and pizza while passing out each night from stuffing myself with both . made some one good one but he a few ago and he was the driving force that kept me connected to the . then everything got shut down . for the first month it ' t bad ! weed pizza video . repeat . i was an introvert at heart so it ' t really bother me . but one night after getting high i went down a rabbit hole of creepy and highly strange . i almost got into the g conspiracy but then i would run out of weed and realize how god damn stupid they were . then i would go out and get more weed . but one topic stuck with me lucid . it was brilliant . i was already numbing myself from this reality on a nearly daily basis why not create a new one where i was in complete control ? win win . win . win . . . . win . oh that word lost all meaning and i ' m zoning out . one sec i ' m going to get coffee . . . . . sorry some on my bandage and had to change it that ' s why it took longer than it should . sorry . where was i ? right . giving up the weed . well i was almost there and that ' s where i was headed anyway . i gave it up . weed with your sleep and after a month of trying to lucidly dream i figured out you actually have to be able to have real to try this . that first week they were vivid . strong but not terrible . it had been such a long time since i actually let myself fall asleep without any outside help and my brain felt like it was trying to make up for of lost sleep time . slowly my goal obtainable . i to gain control . it small . i would conjure up the path i would walk down populate it with familiar that were dear to me only half them being and . i ' d wave to the unknown walking by until eventually i was able to start the of those i about to them past and present . they would smile and wave back . i even got the point where i was flying . next to me the ' s of and ginger spice . don ' t hate or i ' tell you what i want what i really really want . . . . god damn that ' s the song that ' s been stuck in my head for too long . too much caffeine and energy will make a stuck song that much more unbearable trust me . remember that spice movie and that dude ' s head came up out of the toilet ? what the was that ? . . . i ' m sorry . i ' onto my consciousness for . . . a long time . it ' s getting harder to focus . i ' try to wrap this up . the got angry . that was the first thing i . stand for my old best and even my no longer or waved . they would sneer not move out of my way . my own grandmother god rest her soul miss you nana shoulder checked my ass onto the ground and kept walking . the last thing to happen the last thing to make me wake up days ago . . . they hit me . but it ' t like a hit more like a slice . a deep one that made me wake up to my arm bleeding through the . it ' s been days and still won ' t completely stop it just . i used up the last of my a few ago . oh that was just a few ago ? ? when did i get this coffee ? it ' t matter . in my last dream i was walking along . the street from my will and warped and hostile . i was too on the architecture to realize none of those around were walking . i tore my from the facade of the and slowly continued on . the stood still at least of them . their either blanked or blurred in on themselves would turn with disregard to their " orientation causing many of them to put the flexibility of to shame . i the routine i would always do to wake myself up but it . i tried again but something caught my eye before i could finish . a blur of something dashing through the distorted that had begun to open their as if they were screaming . but no sound came from them . everything had become deathly silent where the only thing i could hear was my own heartbeat . within a split second of seeing it between the and the fall of hollow silence it stood before me . whatever it was . like a mix of my own subconscious and that of other it had with . what i to be arms out and me robbing me of any free will i had left . and a voice that to come from nowhere and everywhere filled my core . it low and guttural building to a high pitch shriek at the end while the like they were spoken as if the thing was as it said them . " i f o u n d y o u u u u u u u u u u u ! " it ' s arms me . they felt like they were gripping my soul and what i to be another arm from this thing overhead but this one ended in a jagged point of stolen . it slashed at me from on high across my arm . i felt cold . i felt dead . i woke up . it ' s been days . i haven ' t slept . i have to . and my time ' s running out . it found me . i know it ' s waiting for me . there ' s a reason we give up our autonomy when we enter its domain . it ' t like to share . be than me . never give up smoking weed . . . . . . . . during the summer of the season immediately following my graduation from high school i lost a close friend of mine . her name was and she had suicide the reason being a sort of deep hopelessness born of a total lack of post school . she t had any of what she to do with her life after high school which ordinarily t drive someone to self termination but from relentless anxiety and this great transitional period of her life brought on the worst case yet . she t handle it and without her decision she took her own life . this a week after our graduation ceremony and since most of the of my class had already to move onto their summer no one could really gather to celebrate her life and hold vigil . i doubt it was because people simply t care was likable and had amicably with enough people throughout her high school career to warrant a small attendance if possible . but all of our mutual were unflinchingly busy or had already left the area so i alone along with her family of course a small ceremony of remembrance . it t anything extravagant neither was it the official funeral service but i still it as solemnly as possible . i had gone to her house around pm on the night in question had dinner with her and told them about my friendship with their daughter the of which they were already aware . it t as depressing as you d expect at least not the actual of conversation although the shock of s death was still palpably raw and crying just as often as laughter . the night ended and i returned home . the following morning while breakfast for my younger brother my with a message in memory during a conversation she d had at the grocery store . the person she had spoken to was s mother who had gone out to replenish food for the weekend we ' d admittedly ate a lot the night before as if food could help with the grief . . ' s surname told my mother to tell me that t forgotten and that i would know what was meant by that . my confused mother accepted the message and . s odd somewhat ominous and demeanor to her assuredly distraught mental state . standing there in the kitchen scrambling i t the idea what . was talking about but told my that i understood and that it was something private between and i . she accepted this explanation and me to make her some as well . throughout the rest of that day i turned the statement over in my mind wondering what . could meant by her message . and i t really kept any together or individually and there t anything towards which we had been looking forward prior to her death . as was always too with anxiety to plan for anything substantial . later in the night my brother on my door and brought a box to me . he said that he found it in the hallway closet between our while searching for his favorite blanket which is really just a towel our bath are kept in that closet . he saw the label on the box and thought that i d want to see it . the label said my summer with . my brother is only six but he his occasional of semi mature wisdom and un childlike compassion . i him for the box of and gave him a few about where his towel could be . i knew it was downstairs in the basket of freshly dried but he an adventurous search . the box sea and a few other from a dual family trip to the beach . the had my family at the insistence of their daughter my family t minded at all and were happy to spend time with the family of my best friend . we d gone to the beach on the best possible day a warm yet breezy and spent at least half the day lounging in the sand and the shallow water . while sitting beside each other watching the older play farther out and i had come to the impromptu decision that we would be . my brother t been born yet and had no so at the time it only natural for us to advance our friendship to true sisterhood . we that we d let nothing and no one get in the way of this bond and would someday legalize however possible this familial agreement . it was pretty much the only thing had ever passionately for . the thought came to me and i would it the plan as the thing she t forgotten but my brother s scream the mental dismissal . it had come from downstairs and i wasted no one in leaping from my bed practically down the and crossing the living room to enter the kitchen . i came upon my brother lying face down on the kitchen floor a foot on his back . this foot was attached to a leg this leg a body and this body to no one else than my undoubtedly dead friend . she was completely naked and pale as marble the only color on her body being the thin unhealed line of red across her throat where she had dragged the knife . in life her hair had been a slightly dark blonde curly but death had taken the amber and it with black the the limply . her were entirely horribly white . he . or you do . i can come back if i take his life . or you can take yours and join me . we made a promise to each other t we ? i was as you can expect utterly . i t really any superstitious before that but the evidence of the supernatural was standing before me threatening to crush the air from my brother s body if i t take my own life . the voice that had spoken like s although it was with a throaty coarseness to the fact that she had been dead for a few days the vocal suffering from disuse . i to take just a moment to think about it preferably to make her consider a third option but in that moment she the pressure on my brother s body causing him to wheeze terribly . i cried out for her to stop and she spat out make a choice ! . i t ever seen so angry so cruel and t imagine spending eternity with this revenant of a friend . but i t just let her murder my brother either especially if her present personality would persist . i made a choice the only one any good sibling would . i to the kitchen island a knife from the holder there and whispered a tearful to my brother . he t respond the little air left to him barely keeping him alive . watched me eagerly and directed me to slide the blade across my neck just as she d done saying it would bond us even more than before . i her in the those of featureless white and used the knife . i had the blade in her forehead and for the first second of it being there i thought that i had won that i had found a third option where my brother and i both . but merely my wrist and with a strength given to her by her phantasmal form broke it . my hand fell away from the knife s handle and hers took hold of it . with contempt in her she unsheathed the knife from her forehead and sank it into my belly . i fell to the ground landing roughly on top of my brother . had stepped back and stood over me with an almost demonic expression the rage in her face with each second . she at me calling me stupid ungrateful a traitor and other more obscene . i barely these as my mind to realize the harm that had been brought to my body . the pain was intolerable the breath or shift of movement gut agony . continued to scream but even in my agony i that her voice was growing fainter . the pain had me to squint but i forced my open and saw that her form too was growing less distinct the stark whiteness becoming translucent the kitchen table behind her faintly showing through . a few later she was gone . my brother quickly and the police then our and the shortly after . our had gone out for the night but left their engagement and at the hospital only after the ambulance had . my wound though critical obviously did not turn out to be fatal and there were no during surgery . i told my and the that someone had the house through the open garage and broken my wrist then me when i tried to fight them off . to the s arrival i had my brother to agree to that story . he did and directed by his barley conscious sibling made the kitchen and living room appear as if there had been a struggle . i my not to mention anything to the s saying that my near death experience would only bring them greater grief considering my closeness to their departed daughter . my saw the sense in this lie and not to mention it . a few days later once i was well enough to move about on my own i . a visit while her husband was at work and two of class told her that she certainly t forgotten and that i d my brother s life in exchange for s revival . i said that she was at my house now and would come home in secret of course soon . . was ecstatic . she me in a hug that i was certain would undo my and i nearly out from the pain . but i kept my act up and her to withdraw on her own . she was immediately in and me for doing the right thing and said that she knew and i were truly inseparable . she then that her daughter had her a week ago in some spectral form and instructed her the were never with me on how to facilitate s brief return . apparently it was only possible once for a short while and while t be re her undead form could certainly be back to the afterlife by extreme physical trauma . like a knife in the brain . . said the unsavory surrounding the resurrection were irrelevant because i d done the right thing and had brought her daughter back to her . she how long i thought it would take for to be well again and if she any different than before . in response i up my shirt to reveal my healing wound and told her exactly what had the night of s return . before . could respond i told her that if she ever spoke to anyone in my family again i would use the knife on her just as i had used it on her daughter . i out of the home leaving her and twice . seven later she t made any attempt to contact me or my family . today is the seven year anniversary of s death and coincidentally the delivery date of my first child . i relate this story now only because my baby who in most like every other baby a noticeable resemblance to . i haven t yet it to anyone else and i d like to think this observation is just my mind on me due to the odd alignment of but i can t shake away a sinister and unsettling feeling about it all . ' be careful what you wish for ' . my nana always said . it was kind of her go to phrase something that i would always associate her with . if i anyone else say it it would make me think of nana . i ' t really understand what she meant until much much later and perhaps by the time i did it was already too late . it ' s funny how you only after it ' s too late to do so . maybe that ' s why bad happen . i should have my nana . my nana was an interesting woman and i was always her . every time i would go to see her she would paw at my hair with her aged and she would say " you ' re my grandchild . i would be elated to hear it coming from her . she was a hard woman to please and i was glad that out of everyone she would pick me . my nana had and all over the place a lot of them i haven ' t even met . she got around my nana . a lot of people spoke ill of my nana though they would call her horrid and untrue behind her back . " that woman is an odd one " or " watch out for barney old ' . they would say . everyone in her small town thought that my nana was as nutty as a fruitcake and they feared her they feared what she feared the that she told . i used to get so mad . my nana was a smart woman prudent and she had a wonderful knack for . oh my i the that my nana told . they were so vivid so imaginative and she told them so beautifully as if she them all herself . that was what used to draw me in so profoundly . she used to tell of old . such fascinating they were but they used to scare me too . of enchanting that took you to far away in the and of that would crawl right out from under your bed at night and take your . these always carried some sort of lesson that nana me to learn . in particular when it concerned . i guess that ' s where she her famous phrase . " you always have to think about the . because they can go terribly wrong . they can backfire on you and that always a high price that will have to be . . . to him . she would say to me after yet another one of her fascinating . i never her who " he " was . i think i was afraid to . plus i ' t think nana to talk about him much anyway . there was this fear that plagued her when she told me that involved him . i t understand why she feared something that t real though . i ' t want to upset my nana so i ' t ask . and anyway i would find out who he was just fine by myself . so yeah those . i used to think they came from she read and it ' t until much much later that i found out that they ' t come from at all . growing up i used to spend so much time at nana barn ' s house in the forest it was my place and often i thought that i would see the from her . i ' d see in the but they ' t like at all they were tall unnaturally so but they would have the of an ordinary child . they would stand beyond the staring at me and laughing . i think they me to play with them . i ' t though because my nana told me not to . " don ' t you go over into them . i can ' t protect you there . she would say to me when tucking me into bed . so i to her . i was never hurt thanks to nana . my nana recently away . i was incredibly sad the grief i felt was unfathomable . i her so . she had been ill for quite some time and it was inevitable but that still ' t make it any less of a shock or any easier to deal with . the day after my nana i received something rather peculiar from her in the post . it was a letter by a curious little box . there was nothing particularly spectacular about the box it like an ordinary music box but something about it really me . i can ' t explain why but i just really to open it . i read the letter first though . my dear dear . how i will miss your lovely beautiful face and your warm smile . you were always my you know . the reason i ' m writing this to you is because i will be this world very soon and there is one more story i to tell you one i must tell you . i ' m unable to do it in person you understand and as much as it may come as a surprise to you i do fear a lot of . there is so much i want to tell you my dear girl but there just ' t time . all those i told you they ' re all true . the about the the the the man . they ' re all real all as true and real as the light of day . i experienced them all myself . as a child i found a box buried deep in the of my home . the very same box that you hold now in your delicate . it ' t buried very deep so i guess someone it to be found . it was such an odd little trinket box but it was so so beautiful . for unknown to me i to have it i to have it . so i took it . the box . it every single thing that you ask for every one but every wish comes at a high price . i found all this out too late though . i the box and when i did a voice spoke to me . it said that i was lucky to be chosen that the box ' t just choose anyone and that i was special . imagine how i felt as a lonely little girl ? i had no to call my own so i made them up i wished them into existence and i was quite happy for a while . but what i ' t know is that all my came at a high price . all my had to be for to . . . the man . it ' t until much later that i that every time i wished for something someone . it ' t until my brother . but it was all too late by then . i tried to bury the box where i found it but the very next day i found it on my bed once more . i even tried to burn it but it just ' t burn . i knew the man had taken my brother i knew it . i could feel it in my . days later i found a finger blood soaked of hair and two wrapped in ' s sweater . the man was warning me . " little ' t play with ' he whispered to me one dark dreary night . i ' t figure out why the box came to me though that was something i have always to understand . it ' s an evil box though that much i do know . pretty soon so many in our town to disappear . it made the locally and even internationally . " disappear from rural town of . community ' one of the read . i remember it so vividly because i knew it was all my fault . i brought this upon the of me and me alone . the were never found . i suspect that grieving received little in the post from the man them know what to their . my heart for them . the man never hurt me though he ' t hurt me because i him . i was the one that set him free into this world . how was i to know though ? i was but a timid child a naive child and the man took advantage of that . but you reap what you sow and there was absolutely nothing i could do . as i grew older though my fairy with me . i aged but they ' t . they as young as when i first thought of them their never wavering with age time was but a concept to my fairy . i suspect that when i die my fairy will die with me . i never made another wish again as much as the man tried to make me i ' t budge . after a time he grew weak and into whatever corner of hell he came from . his power is tied to the you see . he was still powerful though powerful enough to taunt me in my . he would whisper to me " i will return and when i do you ' be sorry ' his voice was deep scratchy and it a terrible fear within me . i think he ' s back i don ' t know how but he is . i ' been seeing him in the darkness of my home always in the darkness . he can ' t stand the light you see but nevertheless i still know what he like . i can ' t bear to think of it he is a terror bred from the of hell . you can always feel his presence it ' s so profound . the air so hot and stuffy when he ' s around almost like you can ' t breathe . he is a suffocating entity . i have sent you the box because for the life of me i ' t think of what else to do and i am to die soon . you must keep it hidden keep it safe and you must never ever open it . i am so sorry to drop this on you my child but i am left with no choice the box must be kept hidden . the man must not be to claim . i love you my dear sweet and i know you will do the right thing . forever yours nana . i was so heartbroken over the death of my nana i was bereft but did i believe her ? i really ' t sure . my son me as best as his year old self would allow . he would sit next to me as i cried and stroke my hair . such a kind soul he was my son . i the box in my for the time and i swear it whispered to me . it me to open it and see the riches within . it me so i put it away . yesterday morning i woke up and i found my son holding the box and it was open . i don ' t know how he found it . i it in a safe in my office . " i made a wish ' . he said to me smiling from ear to ear . " i you to stop being sad so i wished for nana to come back ' he said . his face bore such innocence my heart constricted in my chest and i felt like i ' t breathe . ' the box said i was special mommy . i was by fear i was so that my son would be taken away from me . taken from me by the man . was he real after all ? maybe nana was right . i took the box from and i it in my sweaty . i closed it and then i it again and when i did a voice spoke to me . " . . . ' it whispered quietly to me . " you have been chosen you and no one else . you are special and all your most desired will be . all you have to do is ask . ask ' . with my heart in my mouth i wished to undo ' s wish and i wished for him to be safe . i ' t sure if it would work or if any of this was even really really true but still i feared for my son and my nana never lied to me . i ' t prepared for what came next . this morning i woke up and i ' t find anywhere . he was gone all of him erased . all i found was some bloodied of hair some teeth and a tongue hidden inside ' s football shirt . i ' t call the police because who would believe me ? no one would . the same way no one ever my nana . i can t describe the fear that i felt the sorrow . did the man have my son ? my perfect little boy gone . even now as i sit here this i can feel the man ' s presence in the room with me . i can hear him whispering my name from the . he is laughing . he me . i scream at him scream at him to give me my son back . he just menacingly . i then what he me to do . i want my son back come what may and i think i know what i must do now . he since the day he saw her three ago . and most importantly this beautiful woman actually him back . someone was actually capable of loving this up human being back . for that he was grateful and he made sure to let her know everyday that he was with her . from doing little like making her coffee in the morning to surprising her with her favorite dinner when she would come home from her shift at the restaurant . and for three everything was complete bliss . he had even to look at engagement . jake t think of one day ever where they had a serious . but everything recently . he she to pull away and become withdrawn and quiet . whenever he would ask her about it she would simply say oh baby it s nothing just tired from work is all . he would bite his tongue and accept it because he her but in the back of his mind he knew there was something more . perhaps she had secretly found someone new ? the thought alone made his stomach churn . for the next few days he watched becoming more and more quiet barely saying more than a few at the dinner table and going to bed early she was drained . it him to see her like this every thought was burning through his mind . was she sick ? was she cheating ? did she simply just not love him and t have the heart to tell him ? jake t take it and so on night when she said she was going to meet up with a few she t seen in awhile he decided he was going to follow her . he felt guilty about to resort to such extreme but he had to be sure . he had to know the truth at whatever the cost even if meant the world as he knew it would come down . she left the house wearing tight leather pants and thigh high boots her long dark hair reaching down to her waist . as she stood in the front hallway mirror on deep blood red lipstick which perfectly with her beautiful olive skin tone and brown he t help but wonder if she was this on for some mystery man . she him staring and back at him and what ? damn you look good he said . she at him and over to kiss him . see you later babe don t wait up ! she said in a sing song voice as she out the front door . as soon as he her pull out of the driveway he hopped in his and made sure to follow enough distance behind her so she t notice . he d seen enough crime to know . his heart was pounding in his chest and his stomach was doing thinking of all the of where she was really heading to . after about almost twenty of following her he saw her car turn onto an old dirt road which was hidden from view unless you knew it was there . the ? he whispered to himself more confused now than ever . what could possibly be doing out here ? he made sure to turn his off and stay even further behind so she t notice him tailing her . he saw her get out of her black ford f truck something she all bred from should own and walk up to another car that was seemingly waiting for her . this is it he thought . the moment of truth . he his breath waiting for the moment he was about to see the love of his life betray him . he felt like vomiting . he watched as he saw a tall dark haired man with back hair exit the car . he handed an envelope and they to be deep in discussion almost as if they were about something . jake felt so lost . the is going on here ? before he could even form his next thought he saw quickly pull out a large with an inhuman speed and slice open the man s carotid artery . he watched in horror as the man s out in surprise and fell to the ground before he even had a chance to react . then even more he watched as the woman he thought he was going to marry and become the mother of his kneel down and savagely stab at the man s throat with her over and over licking up his blood from the gushing wound and grunting with pleasure like a wild animal . jake thought he was going to vomit right then and there . then to his complete shock and horror she slowly turned around and straight at him and the most twisted smile he had ever seen . blood completely covering her face and chest . his heart stopped . he thought . ! should he it there ? ! too late she d already seen him and probably knew he was following her the whole time . his heart in his chest as she casually over to his car licking the blood from her and like she just ate a delicious piece of cake . she for him to roll down his window . afraid to roll it down completely in case she also felt like murdering him for the hell of it which she was clearly capable of he cracked it open just a little . what in the actual just ? ! he . she down towards the window . jake she said calmly . we need to talk . i work at a remote drilling site for a company up north . it s not classified per se but due to some interaction with environmental wing and some very strict privacy we don t exactly advertise its location or the we drill . let s just say it s somewhere pretty cold and semi desolate and it so much that they pay like me a of money to sit out there for during the off season the and equipment . i basically take keep from breaking and release pressure from our waste storage on a set schedule to avoid any . a couple ago there was a leak in the bunkhouse roof and the subsequent water seepage a sizeable portion of the . while removing a section of wet i found an old technical logbook quite the story written ago in journal format . i won t bother giving you a synopsis because you very likely will find it as curious fascinating and at times horrific as i have . i m calling it return to the dark and would love to read your and . enjoy . . xb xb jack s log st three days ago i was off here at the drilling site via amphibious plane landing on the lake just like in the . my partner into the control center this afternoon direct from . loud and crass he s exactly the kind of guy you would expect to be out in the wilderness for long of time not exactly the kind of guy who does social very well . he said he i call him you know like the impaler . he s a retired deep earth isolation miner which is an incredibly dangerous profession a certain amount of nuttiness to even begin to seriously consider getting into . not many make it to retirement . they either get out early after a scare have a mental breakdown or die young in a desolate hole somewhere . the body is rarely accessible to brought back to the surface . if you re yourself what a miner does you probably don t want to know . to put it simply though once a mine an unsafe depth for equipment and traditional human these continue alone operating small and even hand for days or even at a time without seeing sunlight . according to there are some incredibly incredibly valuable at where most people can t conceive a human being could survive . random note here although he s with muscle is an extremely small man . i dare not ask him but i doubt he s much more than five tall . he enormous and for a guy of his height . he s quite pale too . xb jack s log th and i have been getting the lay of the land here at the site . as i believe i said in my last entry i a few days before he up and in that time i myself with the and of the job . the work t too tough and we have a surprisingly user friendly manual for all the and and we re doing here . is chock full of insane from his mining days . today was the saga of the time he himself in and was trapped for five days . on no food and only of water he eventually to dig his way back out and contact the surface . there are no rescue in his line of work and they were from writing him off and sealing up the mine . xb jack s log th two days ago . i everywhere within a couple radius and i have no idea what to do . i headquarters but we re in the middle of a pretty bad storm and the company can t get out here to help for at least a week . xb jack s log th back onto the job site a few ago . he barely said a word . he was moving gingerly but to be in good health so i off the pending rescue operation . xb jack s log th been up and moving around tending to some of the lighter duty stuff . he still t said where he was for four days and i m trying not to badger him about it . he s mostly back to his old self though . laughing and . he s been acting a little weird at times . last night i woke up to pee and his bunk was empty . after of searching i spotted him about a hundred out standing near one of the pressure . he was just staring at the ground no discernible of my . he t snap out of it until i got all the way there and gave him a light touch on the shoulder . he a little confused then cracked a joke and said he must have been sleepwalking . xb jack s log th was back out by the tank again last night but this time i saw him leave the bunkhouse so i . he t initially respond to my touch this time because he was zoned out muttering something in . it like yar o zoom oh . s note i think he ya or i understand i told him about it this morning and he t recognize my pronunciation and said he t recall any of last night to even give me a guess . i m from west . my pronunciation of everything is kind of a mess by default so i m probably just not saying it correctly . is surprisingly flippant about this whole situation . he t seem to comprehend how scary it is to be out in the middle of the wilderness at night alone watching a man you barely know staring at the ground like a zombie and speaking a language you don t understand . ugh . i m too much out of a guy who spent living in mostly complete isolation in hand dug . i doubt there s anything this guy is of . i would just let him do his thing but i m afraid he walk off into the again and not return . xb jack s log th t leave his bunk last night . i m very happy about that because he s really creeping me the hell out with this behavior . i have nothing else significant to report other than that he s been of a headache all day and even took a couple to lie down . xb jack s log th s headache . if he t improve soon i m going to call headquarters again . i don t know if the surrounding will ever let up but i should at least notify them of a pending medical emergency . xb jack s log th really hit the fan today . i was in the bunkhouse watching a re run of family when i a huge thud sound . not an explosion per se . it was more the sound it when you drop a sandbag or something only by a thousand times . the whole building enough to knock my bottle of clearly off the table . i ran to check it out and saw the bottom end of tank had blown out . apparently t the pressure release sequence for several days . thank god it t blow out the top or we would have a major problem . as it right now it just out a ton of earth from below the surface . there s dirt all over the entire two of equipment we have here and the ground been exposed in an area about in diameter and deep . this is crazy and not surprisingly t seem concerned . that tank the equipment it and will probably cost a quarter million . xb jack s log th i notified headquarters of the incident . they still can t get anyone out here but since everything is safe now they said to carry on . i covered for by telling them there was a malfunction . xb jack s log th just got way more interesting out here . zombie d out of the bunkhouse again last night it s the first time since before the explosion . i as usual and watched from a distance as he got a shovel and down into the crater by the explosion . down put his hand slightly above the soil and it around for a few . it was almost as if he was feeling for a hot spot . he finally stopped his shovel and spent a few clearing earth until i the unmistakable sound of metal on metal . he had hit something . continued around the area making a nice clearing several wide then brushed some dirt off the ground . he knelt down took a look stood up and brushed himself off . nodding he said something that like matey boom oh . i had a with me this time so i could make sure to get it . after that he picked up the shovel and headed back to the bunkhouse . i stayed out of sight and when shut the bunkhouse door i into the pit and ran to take a look at what he had hit with that shovel . it was a metal cover similar to a manhole but it was square and made of thick hand iron . it was the surface was warped looking almost like ocean in a sculpture . i had to dust it off a bit more but i could finally see some crude . across the very bottom was some sort of written language i t recognize t look like anything that i d ever seen then going across the entire cover in an x pattern was etching that . in each section by the was an image . a four pointed star a a diamond and a st . s cross those x people were crucified on with a human figure on it . obviously i had no idea what it meant . since i had already received my nightly scare i quietly made my way back to the bunkhouse and into bed without waking . i don t know what to think right now . i really don t like where are going but i keep myself that was a miner . he s not a normal person by any definition . he s the kind of guy you don t want to see walking toward you on the sidewalk at night but definitely the guy you want walking with you on the sidewalk at night if that sense . xb jack s log th there was certainly a little pep in my step this morning . since it was light outside i was feeling more brave and excitedly see foolishly told about the previous night s . he was perplexed but excited . i him my with the he d said and after my version of it a few times he decided it meant get his help . we had to get our taken care of before off so we ran from spot to spot and got everything squared away until the midday . was getting more excited by the minute . i mean a retired miner uncovered a mysterious lid to what was most assuredly some sort of underground bunker ? yeah he s about it . after a look at the lid it was most certainly be a two man job which i presume is why he d said get his help in his sleep out there . we made our way to the tool shed and brought back a sledge hammer a couple and one of those huge steel pry you can hammer on the end of . i don t know the name of it but the damn thing is almost long and at least lbs . we worked hard for to make progress on that cover . it was up pretty tight with in the and all . it had clearly bee covered up for a long time . we were down to small just to break loose the gunk around the outside . we finally to wedge it open and lay it upright next to the side of the hole just before dark . that lid must have weighed the better part of lbs . we were both exhausted and had our normal so we quickly hit our again and it a day . xb jack s log st a huge storm hit the morning after we got the lid open . we re sitting in about three of snow at the moment so we left the hole alone . is at the bit but the guy a thing or two about safety and not rushing into he nothing about . so we wait . xb jack s log nd nothing else but i just feel the need to note in this log that s whole demeanor . he s his old self again . now that i see him in his normal state and compare it to the guy who was sleepwalking and acting creepy as hell i can see it s like that pressure tank he was symbolic of how he was feeling inside . despite the he to for those few days . xb jack s log th i m pretty tired of through the snow to do our and not getting to check out that hole . but that we wait . the snow should be gone in a few days and it can t come fast enough . i m sick of and smelling s . never should have been part of our supply . it s so we broke out some canned cranberry sauce to eat along with some turkey we found in the deep freezer . got drunk and sang some in his native tongue . it s funny how those eastern can make anything sound like a drinking song . xb jack s log th f i n a l l y we checked out the hole and hole y life just got a lot more interesting . wow . so and i took some and a bit of rope and headed over to the hole for a quick inspection . he went first his arm inside and head just below the rim . he with excitement up and told me it t any kind of chamber but was in fact a hole and had a ladder . so now we were both pretty about this . we really t even bother it . instead we just our and got ready to enter . went first of course . man it was dark in there . i was told once on a tour that a closed cave is the place you can be and this might as well have been a cave . yes the lid t on there but it sure t feel like any light was getting in . we slowly made our way down the ladder which in and of itself was a masterpiece of handiwork . it was cut directly out of stone but perfect in every way . smooth narrow just like a ladder you d see anywhere else made of steel . kept his light displayed on every step to ensure there were no to send us to our death . the hole was really narrow i mean hardly enough room to be able to stick out my narrow and at some the hand chiseled were so close i could feel my breath reflecting back into my face . at times i found it difficult to fill my completely because the air hung so heavy in that tight space . i m not but it was really pushing my . i was counting and doing the math in my head and at about down we saw more of those . this time it was i suppose what could be a pictograph . it was a landscape style drawing of the moon and those same four pointed along with some kind of ship or craft or something that like a boat maybe but it was definitely in the air . there were of stick drawn all along the upper portion . the pictograph made its way around the entire hole . it the stick land then the night gave way to the sun which cast its light on scene of them digging into with them out for shelter . a small but intricate network of were a haven for their little society . as the image people were outside hunting and gathering . interesting for sure . we continued on for a bit and at my estimate of we were parallel with a sizeable room that was cut out into the rock to our left . our only a short distance in so took it upon himself to step off the ladder and check it out . in just a few he out to me and i hopped off as well and headed inside . it like some kind of living quarters . there were crude wooden with surprisingly intact fabric that was likely holding something like pine or grass at some point but had clearly dried up and long ago . there t much else in the room only a few and a plate all made of clay but still expertly like the ladder . the were almost completely covered in what to be . think of something like tic toe or man but some other of i t recognize at all . within the and on its own there was quite a bit of text that neither nor i could interpret . in fact i can t even recall it well enough to try to write it here . after finishing up in the room who i still found to be annoyingly cautious said we should go back up and prepare for something more long term . we really had no idea what we were getting into at this point but i did protest a bit regardless . he up at me as if i was an idiot a few he had in his pocket when i t looking and them . kept his extended on that hand and to count off the . we never them hit bottom . my nearly out of my skull . i don t know at what depth a person t be able to hear a few golf ball sized make contact but even was after time . he up at me with a face that said shut up and do what i said and without saying a word i gave a nod and to ascend the ladder with haste . i was stupid to ever question a man who practically lived underground . we made our ascent finally and made our way back to the bunkhouse . my were beat . xb jack s log th we t go back into the hole yesterday . after much discussion we came up with a plan . we would stock up on food and water additional light chalk for marking and of reference and to find a way to perform the pressure automatically . otherwise we would only be able to go as deep as our work schedule . we re going to get to work on making these then head back down the hole in a few days . xb log th even knowing of s experience underground i t quite the astonishing he had in order to make his more safe and efficient . he first came up with a simple lever system by the tank s own pressure to hit the valve arm once it a certain level . it would actually be blowing off the several times a day instead of the normal two times . we had all the welding and fabrication we and he set to work getting it up and going . secondly decided we with safety on . we found what we in the shed where the tree keep their gear . and on top of all of this he me how to build and weld together a rail system that on the outside of the ladder so we can descend with less exertion . it a crank made from an come along ratchet that the descent and a manual friction brake to lock the frame in place when . it would descend slightly less quickly than we could by foot but we would expend very little energy by comparison . we each had a functional crank on the line so we would be able to take turns . giving it a trial run on one of the ft tank it was working smoothly after just a few . to say was a very impressive guy t do him justice . we plan to make the trip in tomorrow . jack s log th what an amazing few days we had in the tunnel ! when we back into the tunnel a few days ago we were already of a story . the story whether fact or fiction to be that a group of people came down to earth from space . they were of some sort and based on the room we during our first trip down they lived underground as they dug this tunnel . the pictograph or or whatever you would call it to show them digging horizontally as opposed to straight down like the tunnel we re in . we re not quite sure what to make of it all yet but we knew there was more to see and were excited to get . and i manually down to the chamber we had initially discovered and made that our base camp . there we unpacked our gear and and with some were able to connect s contraption to the ladder . rotating his crank and down we went . it was only another or so before we another chamber . this one was much smaller and to be a storage area for equipment . we poked around looking through wooden and storage not finding much worth spending any time on . then me over to the far corner . buried under a rack was a relatively small and a few hand . however they t look like any i had ever seen . the were made of what and felt like wood but it was lighter and much harder on the outside . the metal pick and were a dark almost black metal . the depth of the absence of color and sharpness of the gave the an almost sinister appearance . in addition to this the had no or damage not even the scratch . casually took a gentle whack at the rock wall to his left just trying to get a feel for the s weight distribution and balance . to both of our amazement the pick the the rock like it was nothing . a couple more from and a chunk of rock the size of a bowling ball to the floor . we both in amazement . i one of the gently scraping it into the rock and it shaved off as easily as a knife through cheese . the precision a person could make with either of the was astounding . with huge on our we carefully up the and took them back up to the lodging chamber . we both knew this was something very special . we spent the rest of the first day descending the tunnel . at around we found another living quarters but also made the grisly discovery of a dozen small laying on beautiful stone cut right out of the wall on each side . ornate with the same four pointed and intricate of all manner of that must only be recognizable to someone from another planet all i could do was marvel at their beauty . on the far wall was another pictograph . this one the same stick digging out of the mountain but in the next scene were holding and the smaller were chained together at the still working the and piling into some were on the ground with x s for or curled in the fetal position . were being in various ways with the in around some or lined up as if taking turns . another figure was on a st . s cross with a group of clearly distraught being forced to observe . off to the side were some more of the that to be roasting a baby sized figure over a fire . that last one sent a shiver up my spine . i gave a somber glance and saw he was visibly shaken as well . xb jack s log th yesterday after ascending from the burial chamber back to the first underground living quarters we had a long discussion about what we d found and put forth our best effort to interpret the on the . because of the incredible hand we d discovered we agreed that whatever story the were telling us was probably true . i mean we were literally of down a narrow shaft that had been dug out of solid rock smack dab in some of the most desolate land on the planet where no one without regular supply . despite the elevator system my and ache terribly . there s no stopping now though . the descent t finished . the story t finished . and the story to be told . i believe we re the first to ever read it too and agree that we don t want to leave these buried forever even if they were only in our own . xb jack s log th we taken a few days off above ground . the plan now is to go as deep as possible . we up a week s worth of and will descend again tomorrow . xb jack s log th today we hit down . i can t believe it . we more living with various odds and found a few more incredible one of them like a pencil but it literally through rock as easily as one of our would cut through dirt . this the incredible detail in some of the and we . we found more and more of the story as the day along . to sum it up from the beginning my interpretation is that some sort of alien race made its way to earth looking for a new start or maybe just to expand through colonization . humanoid for sure but not entirely human as we know it here . they were of incomparable skill and ability literally built to survive underground for long . at some point found and them to mine working them relentlessly until exhaustion or worse . later in the story it a small group of the i been to them as the captivity and digging this hole after the sun went down relentlessly every single night . at this point i believe every word of the story we re seeing as we descend and into the earth around us . today i saw something incredible . i m to say if it s true but i already believe that it is . something i been myself is how were they able to see properly when doing the nighttime digging ? i don t believe this story is more than a few hundred old so dependable portable light should have been possible . there were no and not a torch in sight . today i got my explanation and my only guess as to why it t until today is they simply t think it was a big deal . a group was standing around the hole ready to enter for the night but the first in line stood with his arms wide open leaning back dramatically . in the next picture he had begun to emit light from his entire body . i the draw on the around me and saw him enter the hole with the following behind . they literally their own light . incredible . xb jack s log th after making camp last night in the living quarters approximately down we set off this morning feeling surprisingly fresh and ready to explore . to say this his been a magnificent adventure would be it mildly . we literally have found proof of genocide and a lost civilization all in one big hole in the ground . today s portion of the story took quite the turn . as we continued to descend and the to change . as impossible as it considering they were stick the body language of the clearly from misery and desperation to anger and boldness . the went from the occasional ring around the hole to a nonstop scene that continued to circle the hole twisting its way down and to what i knew would be an end sooner than later . the to stir speaking in when their t looking . shouting back in defiance when and tugging at their with a vigor . the digging this hole were dancing before going down all of them light so bright the a dark valley illuminated by optimism . it was clear their plan was almost complete . i was growing excited like reading a fascinating novel dying to reach a satisfying ending as relentlessly us and into the unknown . at two thousand we stopped for the night . the climax to the story would have to wait . xb jack s log th we left a living quarters we found at about and quickly past some of yesterday s before up where we left off at the mark . the story for about or so before back up with a nighttime scene . the snuck back into the mine site killing the as they made their way to the where the rest of the were sleeping . gently awake by the everyone gradually aware of their presence . most of the were still chained together and the set forth breaking the with their special . it they t damage iron as easily as rock but the did eventually break . the to quietly exit the . of their slept nearby in bunk completely unaware of what was going on . the last of the was freed and the everyone just outside the cave entrance only from their sleeping . the group had turned away to leave but a small child behind . there was defiance drawn on its simple face . slowly but surely the child to glow . the group stopped and an adult toward the child to retrieve it . it to move though and the glow and . another child left the group and in then another and another . soon the to fall in line until everyone as bright as the sun . the came flying out of the and were immediately blinded by the beam of light . only just the cave still in hand and to flee with the the saw the blinded and vulnerable and their opportunity . axes flew wildly as the advanced and the blinded and them mercilessly . body were scattered about head rolled across the ground and blood was strewn in perfect from the of the as they savagely each and every man and woman responsible for their enslavement . as the continued night turned to day casting a different kind of light on the horrific scene at the mine encampment . every earthborn human was dead piled into heaps of and and turned to carrion for the and that had upon the of the melee . and i were by the story before us . filled both our as we sat in yet another living quarters out just over down . they did it jack . he said with a slight grin in front of his thick accent . they . the last string of everyone to the hole exhausted with some helping walk . large iron to broken links of chain still most of the in the group as they for what to be the better part of a week to get to the very hole i was standing in . some t make it and instead were buried along the path . most of those that did survive the march to be on death s door as they slowly the hole . two men two and three who were still above ground over the giant iron lid buried it under the enormous amount of dirt had uncovered over two ago and off into the forest . that s where the story ended . xb jack s log th it s been five days since my last update . i m not sure what exactly to make of all this but here s the rest of the story and i kept going after the ended . the gave way to writing and i have no clue what it said . was it carefully sometimes scratching his head or stroking his beard in thought but also nodding fairly often . it almost as if he understood at least some of what he was seeing . i know now that he was in fact understanding it . at what i estimate was into solid rock in the middle of frozen tundra in a land far far from any reasonably sized civilization we hit bottom . the tunnel ended in a chamber about x filled with more wooden tables and other such . clearly they had spent some time living here . at one end of the room was a door about five high with one word written in the foreign script . i at it confused just as much as before . was crying . i over at him feeling to cry as well but no idea why . by that time i suspected he could read some of what we d seen . what does it say ? barely choking out the he it home . before i could speak again s turn to face me . his were glassy and distant . his mind was a million away now . jack it is time for me to go . it is time for me to leave you . it is time for me to go home . i believe these are my people . look at them and look at me . we are the same and i can read many of their . why can i read their you know ? i was . i don t know how i t already seen it . the height the and the absurd comfort underground . was he a descendent of those few who had away ? was he to the hole while it was buried and he was sleeping in our drilling site bunkhouse ? or was he to this place long long before that ? a message while living underground for so many in all over the world ? my head was about to explode . i knew he was right though . there was no question in my mind at that point . he was one of them or at least a part of him was . for my hand . a firm shake quickly into a hug from a true friend . my friend i am leaving you now . go back to the surface . push the lid back in place and cover it with soil again . i will not be coming back . i with in my . removed his helmet and head lamp slipped out of his and let it drop to the floor with a thud . he the door sending a cold blast of air into the already chilly chamber and took two into the pitch black . his arms to his sides he to gently vibrate from head to toe . looking back at me with a grin on his face he to emit light from every pore in his skin . into the chamber . shielding my as i closed the door behind him i watched his light transform the dark into nothing but a memory . i sat for a few still not quite believing what i d just experienced . after finally my aching body to an upright position i made my way to the base of the hole to engage the platform and begin the long ascent . i put one foot in place then stopped . stepping off again i my pack and produced the incredible rock writing pencil . i m no artist but i can certainly draw a stick figure . i set to work for the next few making a pictograph of my own in one solid band long the journey and i had been on . our portion of this story to be told because it truly was the final chapter . the story did not end until returned . i presume he was the last of his people living above ground . hell i don t even know if his people are still living below ground either . i mean it impossible right ? it took me close to two days make the ascent back to the drill site . between regular climbing and the handle on s contraption my terribly and drastically my progress . after finally making it back out of the hole i left it uncovered for a few days while i just in case his mind . i knew he t though . finally i the lid over with a and returned the dirt that had it for of . when the time comes i tell the company we work for that off into the again . i certainly won t be talking to them any time soon though . if you found my journal then you apparently put a hole in the wall . or maybe they re tearing the drill site down . who ? this is your story now though and what you do from here on out is obviously entirely up to you . but please remember and consider those who have come before you and those who will follow both above ground and below it . i trust that you will make the right decision . take care jack standard drill log . . . . my name is unspecified and i ' finally in my first specimen . it ' s been a long time coming but i ' soon be able to get to work . the way in which i acquired the specimen may have been a bit . . . sloppy . i on unspecified street at night with my " procurement " vehicle . i ' t pick something as conspicuous as a van would be despite the space advantage it otherwise i may have drawn undue attention to myself . to acquire a subject of this caliber i determined one must act with utmost secrecy . so is the reason i chose unspecified as my vehicle of choice . i on my unspecified and . the quiet streets blood into my like i had banging on my only a foot away . the anticipation that one of them might show up was exhilarating . i had made sure i picked the best time for procurement which according to my research and was unspecified . it ' t take long after my its mark for one of them to show up . just as i had it was alone . such a wonderful creature to observe when it ' s still in its conscious state . the way it i ' t believe it was alive . it was almost a shame i had to put it down like i did . almost . one thing i did not anticipate was how the procurement itself would be . as it conscious generally prefer to stay conscious . a silly oversight on my part i admit one that left me unprepared for what next . its went up as i it despite its already dazed state . it its when i got close enough that i could reach it . i tried to pacify it by a self made sedative mixture and am ashamed to admit it may have struck me cleanly on the nose in the process ! there was no one around that i could see so i carried it to the rear compartment of my unspecified . it was a experience overall i must say but i was prepared enough that i could handle such a deviation from my calculated margin of error . the specimen beside me now as i watch it . it is quite . . . peaceful to observe it breathe in silence . i can hardly wait to begin my research ! log . . . . some may find my appalling but i assure you they ' t the worst you ' ever find . i the creature humanely and it felt hardly any pain . it shall remain in a suffering free state so long as i introduce anesthetic into its at regular . the out quickly enough from its body i only to give it enough time to exit its state . the specimen is now ready for the procedure . i shall begin . log . . . . no of change an hour after injection . i the procedure by a clean blood sample with solution a . the solution must always acclimate to the host ' s immune system in a environment before reintroduction to minimize of failure . this is due to the fact that solution a in its state is extremely delicate therefore it must reach homeostasis gradually . all else proceeding as . log . . . . today i initial of mutation . have formed over frontal and zygomatic . they are in their prophase state . skin mild of discoloration . further discoloration will occur over time as blood flow away from unused . conscious solution a suffer increasing limb and joint pain over time and typically show pod progression . an unconscious host is the most humane and efficient way to ensure healthy pod growth . as i in my previous log my are sound . there is no need for concern with to the care i put into my and that much should be historically evident . it also been to my attention that there are regarding my choice of specimen . regarding that i hope these and their attached footage will put your to rest over time . given enough time the subject will reach the climactic stage . pod growth will be than other due to its greater mass . all that ' s for the project to be successful is an adequate level of care and of course patience . log . . . . have their anaphase as by the internal bile ' s chromatic change . the solution successfully with its host and directly affected the brain . this the unspecified strain full control over the lymphatic system substance a ' s to transform the pod ' s internal bile . this the fluid its characteristic blue hue which is observable now even in its immature state . a few more days that ' s all it ' take . then i can finally put all of your to rest . i assure you this experiment ' s success will be a breakthrough in our community without compromising our secrecy . i urge you to have faith in the scientific method as nothing that ever been discovered been found without it . log . . . . i could barely contain my excitement as i my laboratory ! i had to take a sample as soon as i saw it illuminate in the dark and try it myself . you ' have to forgive my lack of professionalism but i . . . am in test as you know . it is not orthodox for a scientist to be his own guinea pig but my belief in this new procedure is such that i had no doubt testing would go perfectly . so it did ! attached to this message is the test footage . i hope this will be convincing enough for those of you still skeptical about my vision . on their telophase the ' bile luminescent as you all know . depending on the quality of the subject and adherence to procedure luminescence may be greater or lesser . bile higher quality . it is not unusual even for high quality to show luminescence in a limited surface area usually seen as . the more bright on a pod the higher the bile ' s quality will be . the on this new specimen have no . that ' s right none . this is because the entirety of the pod ' s surface is brightly luminescent . it ' s as though they were incandescent light ! log . . . . seeing how the of this community are with my new project ' s me great joy ! your were . . . understandable . i assure you my ensure our community and its related will remain secret ad . specimen was after a full week of recovery into the unspecified forest . all since then have been in such a way to avoid suspicion and in a similar fashion to the first . post release shown display a lowering of their mental and physical . their have been generally as " depression " and " anxiety . " this their are completely unaware of the origin of the specimen ' s condition . it been proven this new specimen type is a more than adequate host after all and for more than one . this new product which shall be unspecified is in a league of its own . make sure to follow product to avoid undesirable side effects . consult me or my newly authorized should any of the outlined below manifest . in case you fail to contact us refer to the literature included in the package and follow as . containment procedure continuous anesthetization unspecified mixture solution a a mixture of unspecified incubation time period level size . . effects drastic increase in functional intelligence of euphoria increase in physical agility tissue side effects nausea skin irritation loss of libido loss of sight and hearing temporary unless dosage is pod growth by limb and joint pain heat failure in case of excessive consumption excessive specimen numeration specimen type never think about until you need one . at least that s how it was for me . are always it s expensive and i never really felt comfortable around anyway . authority in general always made me nervous but especially . the idea of this person i barely know proclaiming how i should care for myself telling me of my body are turning against me it s frightened me since childhood . it s irrational i know but even so i d always put off as long as possible and before long i d just end up completely forgetting . because of that the only times i ever went to the doctor was when i was feeling really horrible . and after what a few ago i try to avoid even that . it with a headache then then and dizzy . at first i tried treating it myself with over the counter medicine but when i woke up soaked in sweat unable to stop trembling short of breath and seeing double i i had no choice but to see a doctor . i a cab wrapped a scarf around my face as a makeshift flu mask up in as many of as i could find and outside to a driver who to be his choice to accept my request . he me off outside the hospital and i out my mask off and on the sidewalk . staggering back to my i turned towards the hospital only to collapse a sudden stinging pain in my neck . my vision suddenly and my to respond . the last thing i saw was the shadow of someone standing over me . i woke to the sound of a mechanical buzzing like a broken air conditioner . something cold against my back . my were blurry and crusted barely able to open . my every muscle and my stomach and chest were sore . but even so i somehow felt better . the nausea the the dizziness they had all . i forced my feeling the pull loose from the dried crust . i was lying on my back slightly up . i was lying on a metal operating table the source of the cold sensation . a single light hung above me giving off a reddish light . the room smelled strongly of harsh antiseptic . to my left side i could barely make out another operating table . something large lay on it concealed by fabric . to my right was a swivel chair and a metal desk a number of surgical . movement on the desk caught my notice . a glass jar sat there filled with a clear jellylike fluid . within the fluid a number of bloody of sickly yellow meat occasionally darting to one side or the other like a grotesque school of fish . . you re awake . the voice was female but something was off about it beyond simply the unfamiliar accent . i tried to turn to look but my head to move . don t bother . the voice spoke again . i don t let my move during surgery . she stepped into my view as she spoke . tall with bright red hair tied up in a . oddly shaped green hollow and dead looking at me from behind a dirty and set of . she wore a white lab coat several sizes too big . numerous red dotted the surface of the coat some fresh old and dry . a single blue glove poked out of a pocket but her were bare . under the lab coat she wore a simple grey t shirt and brown booty shorts . a number of dry red ran down her bare . she position and i her to bend somewhere above the knee . you t supposed to wake up yet . she a scalpel from the table . as she spoke i what was me about her voice an utter lack of emotion . her voice t monotone but it was still somehow expressionless like a machine trying to imitate human inflection . everything about her was like a imitation her outfit looking like it had been haphazardly at a costume store her emotionless voice her strange hollow . i tried to speak but my mouth to open . i said don t bother . she said fixing her gaze on me . i cut your your she thinking . spine ? that s what it s spine . i cut yours so you t move . as she spoke she a drop of blood from the scalpel . you should be grateful . i fixed you after all . she to the fleshy floating in the jar . nobody else would have been able to . some were even inside your she again . is it a kidney ? no no i think it s a lung . she . whatever . now the problem is they won t want these back so i have to figure out how to dispose of them . this sort of thing is why i need an assistant she her arm back behind her head . it bent more times than it should . well it t your fault so i fixed you this time . but if you let it happen again she the scalpel into the air and caught it with her other hand . you re lunch . she sat down on the chair and spun around on it once then back resting her on the table . it was interesting enough though so it s . as she spoke i her take a deep breath or possibly stifle a yawn without ever interrupting the flow of her . but i don t like repeat . those get boring . with that she jabbed the scalpel into her left eye socket . there was a horrible squelching sound then a wet pop as she the eye out leaving it to dangle by the nerve . she it up examining it then it back into the socket with another loud wet sound . i m not done though . i want to do more . she turned back to me . i thought of something new to try . so go back to sleep . i tried to struggle to move anything but my body t respond . all i could do was shut my as she for me once again . when i woke i was sitting on a park bench . the of dogs barking and mixed with and the faint sound of the wind . there was no trace of my illness no anywhere on my body . nothing but a pounding headache . i stood up slowly feeling slightly faint . it was as if everything had been a dream . the illness the strange woman everything . i turned and to walk back home trying to ignore the pounding in my skull . i had headache medicine at home anyway . as i at my door a garbage can suddenly fell with a loud clatter causing me to jump in shock . my headache suddenly spiked a cacophony of pounding . and that was when i the other thing that felt off . i could no longer feel my heartbeat . the pounding in my head got worse . hello everyone ! xb i ' been a long time lurker over here at r for quite some time now i ' m talking and i truly enjoy some of the that get here . but i think i ' been long enough now and it ' s about time for me to come out of the and share with you some of the that i have experienced in my life . so let ' s get right down to business ! in my line of work traveling is sometimes an inescapable event that whether you like it or not if you want to keep the job you either drive out or get out . most of the time i have to travel quite some long so it ' s mostly either by train or on an airplane being the only two viable with which one can cover the distance comfortably . can ' t say that i am a big fan of the busy train or . a calm atmosphere and as few people as possible is what i prefer but i digress . the are usually in country but from time to time we can ' t dodge the typical flight overseas . have any of you every been to a country where is not the main spoken language or the second or the third for that matter ? as a tourist this is not a problem all you have to do is book a hotel where the staff chill the main tourist and well known and take spoken and it ' s as if you never left home at all if you exclude the usually characteristic accent when people speak with you . so the overall experience is mostly pleasant and when you get back home you chat up all your on what a wonderful place you ' been to and they should absolutely next time when they think about going anywhere check it out too ! thats if your a tourist . if you fly out to such a place on work related and are forced to walk off the well beaten tourist are different you should try it out sometime . my flight out was mostly uneventful . the only thing i found slightly amusing was the fact that when the flight were giving out to us the usual airplane i up mine so fast that when the second flight attendant saw me without one she instantly me another sandwich which i thinking back on it unfortunately declined . i think she thought that the first flight attendant forgot to give me one since the guy next to me was barley through his first bite . to be fair the guy was a slow eater probably even by your . anyway once i and got my bag from the luggage claim i my way past the characteristic swarm of taxi that you can meet in most offering a ride at to wherever you need to go in the city . i once made the mistake taking up one of those on their offer but thats a story for another time . this time i was . i an to my with which you can usually get a ride for a fair price in most you visit . i ' m sure you know the . this is also better because you don ' t have to go through the sometimes awkward conversation with the taxi driver who usually does not know well to where you need to go just show your current location and put a on the ' s map where your headed to . it was starting to get dark and once my ride i hoped in after throwing my bag in the trunk and enjoying the wonderful twilight scenery out the car from time to time to check the to make sure we were going the right way really to always do that when you don ' t know where your supposed to be going . once we getting closer to the hotel that my company booked for me it to get really dark . of course the hotel was on the edge of town where for some reason where not a big thing . i quietly cursed the company under my breath for once again failing to get me a place in a better area some never change i guess . there still were some out and when we at a red light on the intersection right before where my hotel was supposed to be i to look out the window and compare my location to what the was saying so that i could easily find my way to the hotel once i get out of the car . and thats when i her . i mean really i don ' t think i would have seen her at all if i were driving home on the usual in my home city after work . it was probably the fact that my were being that i was in a foreign country to which i have never been before with zero knowledge of the local language . next to the intersection there was a small alley between the two building on the corner to the right of me . it was of course really dark and i barley saw her in the weak back of the car almost nothing in that dark alley . she was standing in the center of the alley . i could tell it was a woman based on her build . she was standing sideways on her from what i could tell with her left side to me seemingly staring at the alley wall in front of her . the situation in and of its self should really not have been frightening . i mean sure it was dark really dark and some random woman is standing in an alley . but i ' m in a car with closed and locked and the silhouette is like from me . the thing that caught me a little of was that she was standing with her left elbow perfectly at me and then she to move towards the car . slowly still with her left side to me she just through the alley . the light turned green and the car to drive . i found my self twisting in my seat with the side of the woman as we drove off . when i turned back the driver at me curiously but as i had already established the driver did not know well and i let out a nervous smile not to bother explaining what i had just seen . the hotel was on the same side of the road probably about further down after the intersection . i my driver and got out taking a look back through the intersection at the spot where the alley with the woman should have met the sidewalk but no one was there not yet . i quickly up to the front door of the hotel and tried to open it but it was locked . i once again cursed the company in my mind and with the thought that i would quit first thing when i get back if the to booked me in to a closed hotel . i for a doorbell but there was none so i on the door and a few no reaction . i kept knocking on and off for a minute my to pear through the glass part of the door in to the dark room at the registration desk that was opposite the . getting i put my bag down at the door and back out on to the street to see if i could find anyone to try and ask if they knew why the hotel was closed when my heart almost a beat in shock . looking back in the direction of the intersection with the alley that i had just i saw a familiar silhouette of the woman in the dark . only this time she had to cross the intersection pass a few and was slowly in my direction facing towards the . at the speed that she was currently moving there was no way in hell she could have covered the distance from inside the alley to where she was now in the time frame since i got out of the car to me coming back out on to the sidewalk . she must have ran while i was not looking . my first thought was she was working out or something ? you can see people doing all kind of wacky in trying to if you know what i mean . the front door of one of the along the road that the woman was currently by and a man on to the front porch trying to light a cigarette . as soon as he lit it took in a draft and at the woman she let out some sort of squeak after which the guy the cigarette and quickly the back in to his house . thankfully at this moment the front door of the hotel and i ran inside the lobby past the hotel employee my bag off the floor on the way in . the guy who the door closed it after me and to check me in and give me my room key . he to speak some and i to him what i had just seen . after which he put his on his and let out the same squeak while starting to sidewalk out from behind the desk towards me . i never ran so fast in my life . once out of the hotel i did not even bother looking in the direction that the woman was and just ran the other way . after a while i down a car got in and the guy to drive me to another hotel . to this day i still don ' t know what the . the next morning i the hotel that i first to check in at to try and figure out why their employee did what he did . they that they have no record of me every coming by and in . to say i was furious is an understatement i for the sake of my sanity to get to the bottom of this . i by them the next day after getting my work done and to the receptionist showing them the key that i received last night . she that they don ' t even have a room with the number that was on the key and that their on the don ' t match the key that i had . after i told her the whole story she just it off and me what to do with my reservation . i told them to contact my company and talk with them because i am not at their hotel . i still have the key to this day . i guess its kind of like a souvenir to me now . i ' m not a specialist in but one of my is a locksmith . i him the key once after telling him the story . to my supprise he said that there is no way that key can open any door . who it ' s not a key after all . i grew up a skinny little introvert in the . i had a few but usually just got lost in . i went to summer took piano and soccer . i did at school and the th th and th all by as i grew into clothing and shoe sizes . my reality would splinter into unfixable one summer when i was ten old . i was soccer at the park with the one friend from school who to take a liking to me . he was a stocky redhead who t get enough and . he had some crazy system that was very advanced but i can t recall the name . i had to twist his arm to actually get outdoors to play soccer with me . one day and i were out kicking the ball for about twenty before he over out of breath . he about being tired of and it hard and it over my head . ! i and i ran to get it watching as it high and barreled towards the road . i ran fast enough to catch up to it before it went into the street but i . by the time i the loud music it was too late . i saw the chrome fender of a fast approaching black car that was about to hit me . there was no way to avoid its course . time as i into the street and in front of that speeding car . there was an awful crunch and my and skull with a shocking amount of pain . i felt a pressure inside my head it felt like it had burst . i never felt such agony and i it to end . the world went black and before it all off with a snap . i awoke to a telephone ringing i was confused as to where i was . i was in a small strange room i did not recognize and the stink of stale cigarette smoke and bourbon made me wrinkle my nose . take out the trash ! the booming gruff voice the . i sat up on the couch feeling my head with my small in confusion at the length and texture of my hair . i thought i must been in a long coma . but i was alive . i said take out the trash you idiot ! i felt a sharp smack on the top of my head and . i my head and locked with the strange man looming over me . he was talking to me . where am i who are you ? i feeling glaze my . the red faced man with gray stubble an awful smile as he to look into my . his were bloodshot above a bulbous nose and yellow toothed grin . you want me to put you back in a cast you little ? i rose and quickly the interior of the trailer i found myself in soon finding the overflowing garbage which was filled with crushed empty and . i to the carpet and brushed stinking cigarette and food debris into the bag twisting the top as i made my way outside the flimsy door . the sun was oppressive in the circle of old away . was i ? i thought maybe there d been a at the hospital and my was and looking all over for me . i the trash into a buzzing with and then around . i to get help . i decided i was going to make a break for one of the other to ask for a phone when i caught a glimpse of myself in the pane of a door window . i stopped dead in my . there staring back at me was the face of a child who nothing like me . a shaggy haired with and . i up my as my brain in confusion . i tried to think of my and only saw a chain smoking woman with blue who was yelling at the red faced drunk in the trailer . my head hurt as i to remember what she like in the suburban house i grew up in . i could see her blonde but her face was a blank oval of flesh . the house was a faint memory that degraded with each detail i fought to remember like some dissolving recollection of a dream . my last name previously on the tip of my tongue slipped away from me entirely . i t remember it . all i could remember was the name nelson . my name nelson . i then with my drunk dad to the lake to go fishing and with i . o . u s written in folding under a plastic tree . every sliver of clear memory was lost in a hazy cloud fine of the big picture or even the canvas beneath . i kept a journal as i into this childhood as another person . i tried to as many as i could thinking if i could piece it together i might be able to get home . i my father s endless as well as the negative attention from at school . i quickly learned if you can t afford name brand clothing you are a magnet for . the were endless trailer trash . thrift store reject . . hick . school was hell and home life was not much better . no video no . this new dad would bet on and he d usually lose . he d then get really angry and i quickly learned to leave and take along the highway to avoid getting hit . i in school . the school system i was enrolled in was teaching different than my previous one . despite the difficulty and distraction i to do alright in high school . of a previous life would still occasionally come at odd . of the metronome s ticking as i sat still for piano or ice cream with a smiling set of . a grinning man behind a steering wheel . each time the into my head they would burn out soon with the new . of throwing at beer and my pop s shouting with . nash the nasty man at the end of the trailer park . they both about a woman . my missing mother i . still i learned to enjoy what i had in my new life . i even grew accustomed to my new face and modest new home . the bullying also less intense the less i to care . i different of which grew as time . i knew a bunch more about than i thought i did as if the of this child and my own had in some slurry that was slowly taking form . i graduated from high school and with a sweaty hug from my i knew that was as far as my education would go . my were not good enough for a scholarship and dad was dead broke . i picked up a job at the gas station . that s where i met my maniac of a best friend . he was a few older a with a ratty mustache and a hilariously twisted sense of humor . he made life there manageable actually pretty fun a lot of the time . i would drink with him and his on the weekend and worked hard making my as i removed stripped and to save money . i eventually out of my pop s place and into a small cockroach apartment in the nearby town . i grew into a young man fun and enjoying my freedom as i saved up for a car . something drew me to it but i t quite say what . its sheen and luster the black powerhouse was in my for before i put down that initial payment . you get the car then you get the always said . i soon was at the dealership shaking with a smiling salesman . i hopped into the new vehicle and smelled the fresh leather interior . i turned her on and my heart with the of the engine . my new black mustang . i ' t have been drinking and i know that . had won from a scratch off card and i was now and had my very own car he to party . i picked him up and we drank at a new spot downtown where he all the ladies . he was a finger at the bouncer until we were out . it was only around four in the afternoon and we were tanked . i was driving too fast metal blasting as right take this right ! and the skidded as i past a park . he lit a cigarette and i at him screaming not to smoke in my car . a glowing ember hit my arm as he tried to toss it . i t see the tripping into the road before it was too late . i saw his face . a face i immediately . my heart broke into a thousand before the impact . i knew as soon as i stepped out of the car and saw his bloody head and broken . he was pronounced dead at the scene . the and i wept into my before the twisted my arms behind my back . it was me dead on the street . the real me . i been in prison a few now . every day is the same . it s rough here but if you act tough and fight back you don t get eaten alive . but i can ' t unsee my own youthful face staring up at my fast approaching car . i swear to it just before the impact i saw it . that little boy was grinning a wicked little smile at me like i ' d just lost a bet i was going through a box of old clothes when i found a t shirt that meant a lot to me as a young woman . just seeing it made me feel nostalgic and euphoric but also a little frightened . that t shirt took me back to the first time i was living away from my conservative going from a sheltered home school to somebody her dream college . i was there for an engineering program and was mostly surrounded by fellow but all of them so much more confident and assured than i was . i was a lot of male attention for the first time in my life and it and me i really had no idea what to do . me and various would flirt and then get embarrassed and clam up like dogs chasing not knowing what we would do if we actually caught one . finding this shirt me realize i need to have a talk with my own daughter and give her the knowledge my never gave me . i want to tell her not everything you want is good and not everything you fear is bad . she might be a little too young for the r rated though so for now i m writing it all down so i can work through these and . back then i was hungry for new but i had no ability to put them into any sort of context . horror secular music best selling fast food and up late were huge and it . i did not know any of the or yet so everything caught me by surprise every piece of media i was a roller coaster . i had a good friend kyle at the time and he to get a huge kick out of feeding me pop culture and just watching my face as i or cried or covered my in fear . he was very sweet but did not feel threatening like the other . he would not awkwardly steal at my body or try to work in obvious sexual innuendo assuming i would not get the joke because i was sheltered . he me as a friend and a bit of a pop culture crash test dummy . we also to engage in something we urban anthropology . we would go to pep and scream and cheer with the or out on the side of the hill that did not face the campus and talk philosophy with the . sure we made fun of people behind their but we were also both genuinely curious about how other people lived . in my case i had no idea who i was going to be when i was done coming out of my shell and for kyle he it was all research for the awesome he was going to write . he would tell me these crazy where would take over the campus and all the were based on people we knew it like the thing ever although in hindsight i do not know why anyone other than us two would find it clever . one day we decided to check out a rock show at a local bar . a bunch of metal and were going to play an all show and it like a good set piece for the screenplay . i personally had no idea what to expect what people do not understand about being home schooled is just how you completely lack context for everything . you see a grateful dead album cover and assume they are some scary heavy band because of the . just imagine what level of culture shock i was in for as i saw t with upside down and sexy for the first time . i could hardly focus on the music or the instead we hung by the bar and made about the meat into each other or shuffling around like depending on the tempo . kyle said that in his screenplay a place like this could be full of and nobody would notice and that both made me laugh and gave me some anxiety . i had been so nervous about going this far out of my comfort zone that i had hardly eaten or slept in the last and it had put me in a state of vulnerability . then my on one t shirt that just me . it was nowhere nearly as violent sacrilegious or shocking as any of the other yet it a menacing energy i could not get over . i would see it disappear and reappear in the pit and around the of the crowd . finally the guy wearing the t shirt me since i had accidentally made eye contact with him a few times . he was a tall guy certainly older than us with long blonde hair . more important though was his shirt it was an extremely realistic illustration of a wolf in a snowy field with a thin spray of blood staining it s mouth and the snow beneath it . thick medieval said harvest of the wolf making it also one of the only t i could actually read at this show . kyle faded out of my peripheral vision as i was only able to focus on the tall blonde guy and his t shirt . the of the wolf were full of hunger and they me of the gaze i every day in the and of my campus . it was thrilling and terrifying and i could not stop looking at it . finally the spell broke when he spoke to me yelling god damn this band right ! ? very close into my face assuming my hearing was as as his . i my head in agreement not really any context to say why one noisy song was any worse than another . get some ? he and i pointed at the big stamp on my wrist that i was under . i got you what do you want ? . suddenly realizing i was and light headed i him for a sprite and maybe some chicken . he came back with two and two shot glasses . i them but would also take anxious to not seem rude . i had never had a beer before and it just tasted absolutely terrible . then the band finished their set and our new friend whoo ! and back his shot glass . i at him and then at the wolf and i took a shot too . i a little and but was more disturbed by enjoying it not the liquor but the feeling of being reckless . where a lot quieter in between and the three of us got into an awkward conversation where me and kyle pretended to know what he was talking about as the tall blonde man went on and on about the local scene and how are . he was mostly talking to me and i was mostly staring at his t shirt so i hardly when kyle just kind of faded out of the conversation . i m not sure if he was just taking a long time in the bathroom or if he decided to just go home but when there was just two of us the tall blonde guy said let s get out of here and staring at the wolf never breaking eye contact with it i said yes . he ahead of me talking very loudly about the that that night and his favorite . i never really felt like an impostor because he never actually me any nothing about my favorite band or if it was my first show . he just went on as i at the back of his shirt reading a list of from a recent tour . to me these famous only to exist in and now on the back of t . still my heart sank when we a spot without stopping and later the place i . i to tell him to stop that i really some dinner but i just did not have the vocabulary at the time to be assertive . i him like a lamb reading city and listening to about i had never about . finally we made it back to his place and he said hey make yourself comfortable . while he was in the bathroom i a little bit of a sense of autonomy and his but literally all that was in there was beer . at that point i to rehearse what i was going to say to him in my head him for the but i really had to go home and study . also it was starting to dawn on me that maybe kyle did not ditch me maybe i him and i was feeling super guilty . then he came out of the bathroom and i locked with that hungry wolf again the remains of it s last kill still fresh on the snow and i felt myself shrink . i did not tell him i to leave nor did i tell him i did not want another beer . i did not tell him i did not want to go into his room and sit on his bed . i just at the hungry wolf and sheepishly . the spell was not broken until he got up and took off his shirt leaving it shapelessly on an office chair in front of his computer . that is when i despite being taller and older he was just kind of pudgy and hairless like an overgrown . i was no longer able to see the wolf as he pinned me down my to the of in and medieval electric . his elbow was on my hair and it was painful but he did not seem to notice or care . i was getting less afraid and more angry by the second and could no longer see him as a man . this was the room of a selfish inconsiderate boy who did not give a damn about what i . you know that feeling where you are just hungry and angry and they make each other a lot worse ? that was me in his room that night i was and i was not going to put up with it any more . we somehow it was so quick that it felt like an amusement park ride as the whole room blurred and came back into focus . now i was on top of him and he was the one who like he was in pain . i dug my into him and the flesh just right up with no resistance . it really felt like a dream not like i was strong but like he was made out of something soft that i could just tear apart and shove into my mouth . i took handful after handful of flesh as he cried and but he could not get me off of him . it was not until he was motionless and i was lying in a pool of warm blood that i got any clarity as to what had . the cloudiness in my head was gone and was by a strong survival instinct . i was not going to be found with him i would instead shower and put all my clothes in a trash bag and leave wearing nothing but his t shirt which hung loose on me like a dress . i ran back to the dorm with of running through my head but also an eerie sense of satisfaction for finally stood up for myself . holding the t shirt in my it like i m all over again and full of those . i was so upset that kyle did not want to talk to me like that was somehow the most dramatic thing that that night . when he eventually did sit down and talk to me i told him that nothing that night in part to reassure him and in part because i him as an alibi . he would tell me that he thought he was jealous of all the men around me but had he was just jealous of me . it would take another few for that to really sink in as he more comfortable with who he was . it took a lot longer for me to get comfortable with who i am . the t shirt with the wolf and blood and the hungry gaze i guess we are most of the we identify with . however looking at the shirt now no longer me feel exposed and it me feel seen . i imagine myself cutting it up and sowing it back into something fitted and sexy a lot more flattering than a huge shirt . then i picture my daughter totally embarrassed by her trying to be cool so i put it back in the box . maybe this can be her shirt after i have the talk with her and she can decide what to do with it . it innocently enough . what s wrong with the dog ? what do you mean ? he was sitting by my and he fine enough to me . i mean he t stopped scratching himself all day . up her nose . it s driving me crazy . he s fine t you buddy ? jasper up at me with his big brown . healthy as a clam . just so you know if i see a single tick on that dog i m driving him straight to a shelter . very funny . it was a bit of an inside joke we had . when i the idea of getting a dog was absolutely against it but the second she saw jasper she fell in love with his little beagle face . now she him as much as i do . i his head absentmindedly and that was that . or so i thought . a couple days later i call me from the garden . she up at me triumphantly . i told you ! on the floor next to jasper s paw was a small brown tick . it on its back its fat belly swollen with blood . i at it with a mixture of disgust and morbid fascination . do you think he more ? . i guess . rarely live alone don t you think ? nonchalantly she it with her boot . dark blood out of the tick with a steady trickle . poor . i rubbed the back of his . i stop by the pharmacy later today and see if they have anything for it . you do that . her head against mine her deep red hair glowing in the warm summer sun . anyways i was thinking of planting some near the patio . what do you think ? i think it turn out amazing . the garden my wedding present for was her pride and joy . i her on her forehead . i pick up some then too . i could feel smile against my shoulder . i really out with you huh ? you did i into her hair . you certainly did . for two the to back down . we tried everything tick powder tick even anti tick whatever those were . no matter what we would find jasper furiously scratching himself day after day . finally i decided to turn to the place that always had for me . i posted on a few dog i follow if they had any for jasper . as the trickling in i felt my heart sinking . i had tried pretty much everything everyone . then about a week after i had posted i got a reply that my interest . it was by a user u . he wrote selling a tick collar . will work . me for more . i was pretty sure it was an ad but at that point i was getting desperate . anyways i thought to myself what s the worst that could happen ? me hey ! i saw your comment on my post and was interested . is your tick collar still for sale ? yes . selling it for plus shipping . oh great ! um what exactly does the collar do ? electronic to paralyze all within a day they drop off for easy cleanup . keep it on for five days and will drop too . at this point i was calling . at best it like a worthless gimmick at worst it could seriously hurt my dog . i decided to show it to and see what she thought . to me surprise she into it . it s only fifteen after all . if it t work we can just throw it out . well i pointed out fifteen plus shipping . she rolled her . lewis . i just want to get well soon . i feel weird him knowing i m his too . as disturbing as that is i agree . so should i ask him to send it over ? oh no . i m not some stranger know our address . she for a moment then the dining table . why don t you have it sent it over to my office ? like a thousand people work there there s no way he can track us down . good to me my paranoid little wife . over the table and fed jasper a piece of her casserole . you re getting all your off soon baby t you excited ? he his tail in agreement . the collar nothing like what i was . it made of hard black metal thin blue it . it was centered with a bright blue cube positioned to rest right at the nape of the dog s neck . it almost to glow . though to feel nothing i could swear it was warm to the touch . i put it on jasper honestly to throw it away within a couple days . as i it around his neck bucked under my arms petulantly . as soon as it was though he immediately down . i rubbed his belly . i better not find you dead tomorrow you hear me ? i absolutely could not believe my . i was used to finding one or two dead on jasper s bed every other day but the morning after we put the collar on him we were with if not of beady little . each one of them was on their back tiny up in the air . i cautiously my pinkie into one . though it could not have more than a couple ago it was rock hard . as if it had been dead for days . jasper s head . aw was my little really covered in that many ? poor baby . i was . don t you think something fishy is going on here ? fishy how ? like how do you think the collar works ? how could it do all this in one night ? she . well whatever it did it worked t it ? i something about this me the . i ' m taking the collar off for now . she . oh come on now you big sissy . jasper s fine t he ? the guy said keep it on for a week and i really don t want to have to deal with any more . in the end i . just four more days i told myself . day hey sweetie when s the last time you the garden porch ? raised an eyebrow . oh does the man of the house think i m not a good enough housewife ? i the jab . just look at all these dead . there t be this many unless the porch t been for at least a couple . well since you re such a genius why s there no dirt on the porch ? did the lick it away do you think ? huh i said . i m sorry for being . you re . i would never let jasper s favorite nap place go uncleaned anyways . and though i said nothing to her i worried . day hey lewis get a load of this ! i towards where was pointing and instinctively back . ugh . crouched down . it s dead stiff . been dead for a couple now by the of it . cautiously i bent closer . that s a tarantula t it ? i never seen one so big . me neither man . it s a real beauty for sure . he me with his beer bottle . hey you should put it up in a nice glass box . totally dig that . yeah i said . i m sure would be to hear that . still man he think how sick it ' look hanging in your den . you won t find another one like this out in the wild i can tell you that for sure . i scooped it up and put it in a more to shut up than because i actually it . sat back down on his lawn chair . so do we have a go for ? i took a seat next to him . oh i don t know . dude . forward . this is we re talking about . you probably like a bit of context here . and i make a living by building vacation in exotic built for people who make more money in a month than i see in my entire life . it s not the most well paying job sure but it definitely slaving behind a desk . an island off the coast of was our dream job . i had it forever but something i t quite put into was holding me back . could sense my discomfort . think of this . a month in with the team we can build ten easy . it s easy money and it s the place we to go since we were teens . you in or you out ? i took a deep breath . i m in . day hanging out with the crew was one of my favorite of the job . there were eight of us total most of whom had left their well paying nine to fives to take a chance on our . i felt knowing that we had done them good . i spent the day with them laying the finishing on our prep work and drinking a few too many . around seven in the evening i it a day and got into the car . i was driving down the interstate feeling the familiar warm tingle of a good post drinking buzz when my phone in my pocket . it was . don t forget to pick up jasper ! . s little niece maru had been begging for a dog for now . finally maru s robin gave in . she maru that if she could take care of for a day they would think about getting a puppy . i turned the car around heading to robin s house . robin the door with tear . what ? i concerned and more than a little bit worried . are you alright ? i guess robin . it s just . . . snuffles a couple ago . he was with jasper right as rain and then when i go to give them their i find him . he was stone cold . when i told the news later that evening she shook her head sadly . oh poor robin . i call her tomorrow . but don t you think something s going on here ? ' t it suspicious that it the very day jasper goes over ? oh you and your said . snuffles was twelve old lewis . die . and she would hear no more of it . day it was morning and i felt too lazy to get out of bed . who had the energy of a though she was well into her was up and about before i was completely awake . i let myself drift away enjoying the warmth of the sun drifting through the and the familiar weight of jasper snoring on my belly . a couple later shook me out of my reverie . time to get up lazybones . dinner s getting cold . you re hilarious . a sec i come give you a hand with breakfast . gave me a funny look . lewis it s eight . are you feeling ? i up all of sleepiness gone . how is that possible ? it t have been more than ten since left the bed yet the skies outside were dark . i over at jasper . the collar around his to glow me . two later i the airport full of excitement . the crew and i had spent the most glorious month in . living in paradise was an experience i would never forget . the only con was that t there with me . our construction site was on an area with absolutely no or phone service and living without any contact with my wife was torture . she had to leave me a phone message every single day and i t wait to hear her voice . i switched on my phone for the first time in a month . you have nine new . huh . i had been gone for just over a month and had been quite a few more than that . maybe got lazy i told myself as i the in chronological order . t quite seem like her though . hey there lover ! you must be at the airport by now . i miss you already ! from jasper and me ! i to myself . i them more than i . day two ! jasper sleeping on my neck through the night . guess he me more than you now . ha . i really should be more productive with my time . maybe make a pure gold statue of you ? ? can one month pass any ? i m literally going crazy here . making fun of the just t the same without you . love you forever babe . guess who s wearing your purple silk . and . nothing . else . if only you were here to see it in person huh ? it s the weekend ! if i look at a single line of code for the next two days i will actually vomit . oh by the way remember jasper s tick collar ? he to be getting itchy around the neck again so i put it back on him . remember how paranoid you used to be over it ? oh good old days . my heart ran cold . i had the collar away in the farthest of a cupboard never to set on it again . with worry i the next message . guess what ! the finally ! oh they ' re absolutely gorgeous . i can t wait for you to see them . another uneventful day . i had a bit of a headache this morning so i a few . i miss you . i t go to work to today . i just can t pull myself together enough to get up . ugh . i really hope i get out of this funk soon . ugh . are you ever coming back home baby ? ugh . i already forgotten what your face like . i think i m going to take a nap now . ugh . i m just tired . so tired . why do my feel so heavy ? it was a heart attack they told me . i had the police the second i the last message . the plane ride was the worst twenty of my entire life . everyone my of the collar as the crazed of a grieving husband . it was just a freak coincidence everyone told me . her body was found on the bed stiff as a board . her were wide open . i buried her in the garden she so very much . people thought i was crazy keeping my dead wife so close to me but i her nearby . as for the collar i cut it to and threw it into a . i vowed that no one should ever face it again . i scoured the for the seller of the collar but he to have completely . in a way i was glad . that part of my life was over . one month after the funeral how are you man ? really ? i m getting better i said truthfully . will never be the same obviously but the pain t as . . . raw . that s great . clapped me on the shoulder . you had us all worried . not to rush you but do you think you be up for a construction job in the near future ? i m getting there i told him . maybe in a while . he silently . i got up . a sec . i went into the bathroom not really because i to use it but more for a break from . after the seemingly infinite stretch of and and i found it near impossible to be around people for more than a few at a time . i closed my on my breathing . then from the den what the ? ! was staring at something on the wall mouth hanging open . jasper was going absolutely crazy next to him . as i got closer i what they were looking at . it was the tarantula . it was around in its box thudding its head on its with a steady rhythm . then with more power than its body could hold it broke free of the box with an almighty thwack . its round torso previously a shiny black was now the dull green of rotting flesh . its bright red fixed on me with humanlike hate . it on its hind ready to attack but before it could leap forward i saw a blur in my periphery . it was holding the decorative samurai sword that hung in my den . with a yell he brought it down on the spider . and again . and again . as deep purple blood out of its corpse up at me . what the man ? and then everything . the message on . within a day they get . not dead . . not dead . faintly oh so faintly i could hear digging coming from my garden . on the outside the like any other five star hotel . the giant mermaid fountain out front a steady rumbling sound as the water out of the top of the tail over the front and back into the crystal clear pool of water on the bottom . it s completely surrounded by right at the edge of the with all the strategically picked out in order to encompass the cabin in the aesthetic that they were going for . the outside of the like a giant cabin it like it was built out of actual although i doubt that it was . the inside of the lobby as well as all of the do an excellent job of making you feel like you re at some fancy vacation home . i guess the point that i m trying to make here is that it a lot less sinister than it is . that s probably why so many people decide to stop here . well that combined with the fact that the majority of the never make it out of the alive are probably the main that contribute to the lack of bad press about the hotel . i stayed at the in the winter of while i was on my way home from a spur of the moment road trip that i had decided to take with my fiancee at the time . it was getting dark out and there was a blizzard coming in so we were looking for a place to stay when suddenly we saw a road sign . hotel next exit it was the first sign we had seen so i took the next exit and drove down a small winding road until we could make out the in the distance . the parking lot was nearly empty so i in a spot close to the entrance and we ran inside to avoid the cold . the hotel lobby was warm and smelled of coffee and hot chocolate . there was a plush maroon rug under our that covered most of the hardwood and a giant wooden desk directly . to the left were some and a small with a big wooden sign that read the . to the right were some and the . and i got a room on the third floor of the and nothing out of the ordinary yet . in fact everything to be incredibly ordinary up until am the next morning . i remember waking up in the queen sized bed and sleepily reaching over to only to find her side of the bed to be empty and cold meaning she had been up for quite a while . i got up got dressed and checked the bathroom but t in the room . i out of our room and made my way down to the lobby thinking that maybe she was at the we had seen the night before . the lobby was surprisingly empty even the and the front desk had been abandoned . i over to the front door and outside through the but there was no one out there either . i to think that maybe got lost and was now wandering around the hotel so i decided to go back up to our floor and wait for her out in the hallway in case she to end up there again . when i turned around to head back towards the elevator i a woman standing a few in front of me facing me . she was wearing a navy with polka dot ascot . her hair was wrapped in a bun on top of her head and combed back so tightly that it made her and her look like they were being upwards . she was wearing the red lipstick i had ever seen and her face was a ghostly shade of white . she incredibly well put together except for the fact that she was barefoot and her and were bloody and broken . i at her not really knowing what to say . hello welcome to the . her voice was shaky like she was on the verge of . hi . i m looking for my fiancee are you ? i . you should try the fourth floor . she . did you see her on the fourth floor ? you should try the fourth floor . she said in a stern voice . she turned around and back towards the front desk sharply with each step . i back to the and went up to the fourth floor . i stepped out and down at the hallway in front of me but it was completely empty . was nowhere to be seen . i to walk down the hall that every single room was the same . every door on the fourth floor had the engraved onto it . i kept walking down the hallway eventually coming up to a room on my left that was wide open . i stopped right outside and around the room without crossing the threshold . hello ? i . one second ! a voice out . it t s voice but i if maybe this person had seen something . i outside the room until finally a man out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist . he was shirtless and his head had been shaved completely bald . i could tell that the shaving had been done recently as his head was covered in that were still bleeding but he not to notice not even when the blood seeped from the cut to his forehead and down into his eyebrow . hi there ! what can i do for you ? he in a cheery tone as he stood facing me unmoving . oh sorry i i m just looking for my fiancee someone told me they saw her up here but i guess she left . so you re . i closed towards the room . ah ah ah ! i t come in here if i were you . who if you ever make it back out i have a nasty habit of . . . eating people . i stopped and on the doorframe instead . i am . do you know my fiancee ? yep ! let s see what is her name there are so many of them this time of year he a finger and on his chin . something with an a . . . ? . . . lane ? i . right . . so you did see her ? i . oh yes . she was running around the hotel in a t shirt and her underwear . but don t worry i t eat her . it s against the . i sure do hope you find her soon although they almost never do . he towards the door and to close it but i stopped it with my hand . wait . what do you mean they almost never do ? the whomever . most of them just decide to save themselves . save themselves ? from what ? well from the of course . he at me and a drop of blood slid down to the bridge of his nose . what the hell are you talking about ? why do you think it chose you ? you re the perfect candidate . you fight for but not hard enough . in the end you save yourself . he . i d never abandon . well then i guess we have to wait and see . i stepped back and he the door shut . i around the hotel for a while but there was no sight of . after searching for about an hour i made my way back to my room to find room service in there setting up food . i t order this i said as the woman in the hotel uniform turned around . she more normal than the first woman i had seen but i was starting to pick up on the fact that this place was anything but and i just to find and get out as soon as possible . it s on the house . you must be tired after your search . she had a peculiar accent that i t quite place . i m actually not done searching i . well then time to refuel before you take off again t you say ? yeah listen i don t really want to eat . i want to find my fiancee and get out . you really love her don t you ? i . well it s a shame you probably will never see her again . she into the pocket of her blazer and out s engagement ring setting it down on the bed . i figured you d want this back . what did you do to her ? ! i lunged at her but fell to the ground . when i back again she was standing across the room . you really t have done that . now i m angry and as much as i d like to kill you i can t . it s against the . so i guess this will do . " what ? " i me and a pocket knife out and headed towards me plunging it down towards my leg . fortunately she and only tore my pants and cut the side of my leg . i her in the head and she rolled over to the side . i watched her for a second but she t move . instead a small letter e suddenly engraved on her forehead . i stood up my wallet and my car put the ring into the pocket of my pants and ran back down to the lobby but when the i saw that it had been completely . the rug was torn up were over and there were of blood and bloody all over the floor . ! i . can you hear me ? ! i ran behind the desk where there was a note down that said room new . a . j and e . m . that was our room number which meant that the stood for our and malarkey . i towards the left and over something . i down to see two sticking out from under the desk . i down to see the first woman i had in the lobby only now she was dead . she to have been multiple times and there was a small letter a on her forehead . i stood back up and tried not to vomit . as i around for anything that might tell me what the hell was going on or better yet where was i something crash into the front . i up to see that one of the square glass had cracked and over slowly opening the door . i saw on the floor outside the hotel shivering in the cold . her leg was bloody and she had dried blood on her but she t seem to be hurt . are you ? i bent down and picked her up in my arms spotting my car in the empty lot and to head for it . i ran as she something about being cold and to get my out of my pocket and open the passenger side door to slide her in . i ran around and got into the driver s seat starting the car and speeding out of there . what to you ? what did they do ? i as i drove down the empty road which was surprisingly fine despite the blizzard from the night before . she shook her head and i figured that she t ready to talk about it . well we have to go to the police . i said . she whipped her head towards me her black hair her face . no . she said loudly . no ? you re covered in blood and i found you half naked in the cold . she shook her head violently as she to pound on the window . no no no no ! you have to let me out of this thing let me out . she the window and i over in time to see her turn into a million little of dust as she . that s when i it t her . was still back at the hotel . i turned around and headed back towards the hotel but it was too late . it was gone . i never found it . i drove back to that area every few but the was gone . it had on found its next victim . for a while i tried to stop thinking about it but it was almost impossible . i had become with finding the with going back . was never found . i made up a story said i had lost her in the blizzard . they the area where the once was but it she had gone with it but it t even about her . i t worry about her i simply to find that god forsaken hotel again . i had gone over two trying to stop myself from becoming completely with the . and then two days ago i got a in the mail . the came from the and written on the back in s handwriting it read want to go for round two ? at first i to ignore it but then i got the envelope that a recent picture of . she almost the same older but recognizable . on the back were the to the hotel also written by along with an explanation . she a rematch . she had been trapped in the for now and this time she to be the one to make it out . it took me about two to decide what to do . i m headed there now . according to s i should be there by the end of the day . i don t know what i m going to do when i get there but i figured it s fair enough of me to engage in this rematch . after all it been over twenty that i spent looking and i finally have straight to the hotel . this time i won t think twice before i save myself . xb this was one of the more i had with these with these . it s one of those that a chill down your spine you look over your shoulder just to make sure there s nothing following you . may rd if you look to your left you see a herd of wildebeest stopping to take a drink from that watering hole . in a river that big there s bound to be some if we re lucky we get to see one on the hunt . almost a soon as i had finished saying that a croc lunged from the surface of the water catching a wildebeest right in the face drawing and from the crowd . it then turning its body in a circle . aptly the death role this move tore the victim into bite sized that the crocodile could then easily consume . this up the crowd even more . what do you say we take a break ? the boss said the . is that safe ? t there a bunch of here ? a concerned father holding his year old . i could understand why he was concerned but in general it s best not to bring a year old to a safari . don t worry we chosen a location that seldom visit and even if they do show up we have these . she said her rifle . that to calm him down . it was a quick minute break stretch our and get back in the jeep it s dangerous to stay out of a vehicle for too long . the rest of the safari went pretty smoothly . we saw a pride of a couple of and even a honey badger . during the drive back to the exit the of that year old a bit anxious . it was about an hour until dark and we had the exit . we bid all the farewell and getting in our to drive back to our . the of the child came up to us and us to wait the child was nowhere in sight . so our child t on the bus after the break an he was cut off by the yelling . your child t on the bus ! ? you choose to tell this to us now ? ! what the hell how the hell did they not notice that till now ? what the hell were they ? ! yes we know but she usually we thought she was just somewhere on the bus . the mother said looking guilty . the boss looking disappointed and exasperated . gather up and we have to go search for this what s her name ? amy . i told both of them to stay right here in the guard booth until we came back and not to go out for anything . i t really have high for this child night is when the come out and it was almost dark . nevertheless i got in my jeep and we drove to the place we got off for a break . it was pretty far from the exit by the time we got there it was so dark we t see two in front of us . this out any possibility of looking for her . we split up each one of us will go in one direction grab a flashlight and make sure you do not yell out for her that just attract the attention of or worse . i went right into the the boss went west and went north in the direction of the river . my last encounter with that giant thing shook me up pretty bad so i felt very uncomfortable going into the if not . at the very least there t many in the . it s been almost half an hour of me stumbling through the . the covered the moon so it made the already dark night even without my flashlight i t have been able to see my own hand in front of me . all the while i had this strange feeling that something was watching me i did have mild paranoia but this was different it felt like it was coming from somewhere far away like someone was looking at me through the scope of a sniper rifle and i t have any to protect myself from the inevitable shot . i slowly moving to the of the wood it made no sense for me to come here why would a go into this dark and creepy place ? i would stayed clear of this place during the night when i was her age . soon after i saw the place where the ended it was still a ways away but i was hit with a wave of relief when i saw it . then i it a soft whispering from the of the wood no not whispering a melody . it . it like home . i to go there i had to . it would solve all my fix all my it s heaven i m sure of it . i blindly running through the wood all i knew was that i to make it to the . against face at my but i t care i just kept running to the . my burned if i t by this otherworldly singing i m sure i would have to the ground right there from exhaustion . finally i through the last row of . what me on the other side was no heaven in fact it was quite the opposite . gigantic . it was all i could think of looking at the massive being that faced me . three times as tall as the other its giant face into the bark . smiling laughing at my idiocy for being drawn here . the ground into revealing gigantic . they tried me but i was faster i ran straight for its face laughing it its mouth as if taunting me to get inside since i was as good as dead anyways . i it and ran farther to the left where it t see me . i its bark and to climb at the very least it would take longer to catch me up here long enough that i could call for help . i was a third of the way there and well out of the reach . thud something massive hit me on the back knocking the wind out of me . i lost my grip and fell . i was up i d die . the ground was rushing to meet me in less than a second but just when it like i was going to die a huge root from the ground and me . it had saved me . i at its face to see a genuine smile or compassion . evil pure evil . oh it was smiling alright a smile you would see on a murderer s face . opening its mouth wide it me inside with exaggerated as if to taunt me . slowly i was being further and further inside . the smell was horrendous rotting vegetation and flesh mixed with the smell of blood and sap . its teeth were concentric . i myself being turned to mush in this being s mouth . the sun was rising it was beautiful . the fact that this was probably the last sunrise i would see was very much on my mind . they were growing the of its it was taunting me even more or so i thought . surprisingly it to a halt like a running out of fuel . its into space like it t see me . the coiled around me sending me face first into the ground . its mouth open though . the boss said she t know about the giant man eating tree when she sent into the . i don t really care though i m just happy to be a child i was an energetic that exploring . honestly looking back that might ' been the reason i got in trouble often . and as any energetic i to eat my would take me to our local we don ' t live in the city so it ' t as as you ' d think . don ' t get me wrong a lot of people still went there and it took some time to get our food but it was worth it . the food there always tasted good . i think what was suspicious at first was that one day my neighbor went missing he was in his mid ' s and he was grouchy as all old people are . one time i got into his looking for my lost ball and he gave me a lecture about off his property . i don ' t know what problem he had but i ' t see him after that . some said that they last saw him at the same i went to . then it happening over and over again . people usually old were targeted and were last seen at the . that should ' been a sign to search the . but the only the people inside the restaurant thinking that it was a person just stalking the old people . we had dumb . they ' t wrong though . one day i was eating at ' s like i do every time i go there . and i drank too much so i had to go pee . i as i to the bathroom i saw a worker dragging a box to the . i ' t think much of it . . . until when i came out of the bathroom . i saw a red liquid coming out of the door . it was just a little puddle and i thought it was just some sort of jam . when i came back to sit at my table my dad told me he had this feeling that he was being watched . like almost there was a presence that could not be seen . after we were done eating we drove back to our house . my dad me into bed and i fell asleep . that was the last time i got to ever see him . my was and i was in shock my dad his family and our him too . the me and i told them about the worker the box and the feeling my dad had . this was the spark that made the search the everything was normal . the said that they had a truck of ketchup sent and one of the . the police me and said i gave false information but i know what i saw . so being the curious i was i decided to search the myself . i to enter the after the restaurant closed and everyone left . i was stupid very stupid . i to enter the after a few days because it was the and i to go to the pool . look i was a alright ? i had . that still ' t stop me from acting out my plan . so after the closed i from a little space i left for myself i was in . i everywhere and ' t find a thing maybe i was out of luck i thought to myself . as i was heading out i was of the . i inside the and saw a loose wall tile . a removed it . as i the secret room and of blood me . body everywhere . before i could catch my the sound of a door and opening went in my head . i put the tile back and . as i i saw a worker carrying a lifeless man in the room . i my breath and . each minute of the worker cutting open the man felt like an hour . that ' s when i the . this will be great for a ! i was about to vomit . i don ' t know what ' s worse the fact that they or the tone of the worker . it was like it was just another day for the worker . but my worse nightmare came true when the worker headed for the place i was . while the worker got close i was faced with two get found and or fight back and have a chance of survival . i out of the spot i was and hopped on the back of the worker i dragged the worker down but my back hurt . i got up and found a knife i turned back and saw the knife it slashed my mouth but the feeling of survival the pain . i ran towards the worker and them . i stopped when the worker fell and got out of the room . with a side of my mouth dangling in the air and my determination to survive i ran to two on patrol . i told them what and they for back up . they found the worker bleeding out and got him to a hospital . i was sent to the hospital and had on the side of my mouth . i ' d say it was pretty traumatic . my was glad i was alive and the ' s was shut down . i ' m still from the trauma to this day my therapist been helping out as well to deal with my mental pain . that night was the most terrifying night of my life . i ' m just glad that i get to share it i know my dad is still here watching over me . thanks dad . hey you to take interest in my story about my and i exploring the hospital and in honor of i think i should write about more of our . if you would like me to tell more please let me know i link the first story at the bottom . when the three of us first exploring we big . one of the first we went and still to this day the most stunning was chateau de noisy in . if you haven t of it it s a huge beautiful manor built in . i really wish they t stopped making like that . anyway we were very excited and very unprepared . we went there with our and some that s it . so we up to the property in a rental car and the air felt heavy . just looking at a place like that your heart drop but also you a rush . a place so big and so beautiful left forgotten and it me sad . i was happy to be there though i taking right away . stepped out of the driver s seat and let out a slow whistle wow would you look at that . i at him as got out of the back seat and i really hope this was worth it . . he said through a yawn while rubbing his . he then up at the massive and estate before him . yeah i d say it was worth it just for this view . we all admired the architectural beauty of the place for a while longer before moving to enter . the castle let s be honest it like a castle door was left open so we right in without a second thought . when we the main entrance our breath was once again taken away . we were by beautiful vaulted with intricate and . faded and chipped paint was all that of the once staggeringly pretty blue and deep that the castle s ceiling i can t see how anyone could allow this to fall into this state . a place with so much history so much beauty left to die . we onward not speaking a word as we were too engrossed with the place . it felt sad you know what i mean ? i just sensed it i don t know how to describe it . yet from the sadness there was still beauty . as we went up to the second floor we a knocking on the first door we came to . did you hear that ? i the two of them . yeah pretty hard to miss . said in a rapid and voice . yeah i it too what do you think it was ? i because i honestly had no idea . well then let s find out . said as he rushed to open the door we him but the two of us combined t have even half his strength the effort was futile . the door open to reveal what to be a bathroom . it had and these weird side by side i can t tell if that s classy or creepy . we t see anyone else in there though we all did a thorough sweep . i that there might have been a secret passage somewhere it all like this had of them within their . to agree with me but said what if it was a ghost ? we don t know if anyone in here it s possible . thanks as if t creepy enough already . well . . just start trying to find a secret passage somewhere in the . i said quickly waving away the thought of trying to prank us . we all felt all over the and for in the tiling . then i saw something the wall had a groove right here than anywhere else . i it up and around and it must been a secret passage it had to be . i them both over and pointed it out . so maybe there s a ghost or maybe there s someone here trying to mess with us . . i m going with the latter option . i said and to be unsure which of us to believe . instead of saying anything he just over to the door and on it it inward and then slid to the side . it up to reveal a dusty brick corridor filled with . well it t look like anyone s been here for a time . we let go in first mostly because if there was something in there he would be the one to stop it . i right behind him and behind me . we turned on the on our and around the just to be up by darkness a few ahead of us just great . as we continued walking we something something really muffled . is . . is that music ? said with a look on his face . i strained my trying to make out what it could be and he was right it like music . i for him to go forward and we continued on . eventually we found a door to our right . now this place was pretty cramped already especially for poor guy must been so tired of himself up . he had to side step so i could open the door because he t really turn himself that well . i it up and stepped inside by and . it into a room that s much than i would expect to be within the . it to be a writing nook or an office of . in the corner was the answer to s previous question there was an old wind up phonograph had to be one of if not the model . it was an old old unlabeled record it like an opera singer the sound quality t the as i m sure you can imagine . well that s annoying . as he took the needle off the record . how the hell was that even if you have to wind it up ? he . none of us had the answer nothing logical at least . just . . try not to think about it . i said around the room . there s a lot more to see here . as we were looking around more i that we t have to use our . i t see how until i that the were with that were still lit . what in the . . i whispered as i at each of them there were eight in total . two on each wall and one above the door . all of them still lit . i decided to ignore it for now i t need myself going crazy trying to figure out this early in my . with the out of my mind i over to a desk on the far side of the room . it was a beautiful ornately wooden desk . it very heavy i m not sure how it fit through that door either because it was a very big desk . the top of it had another lit candle you some parchment an ink pot and a quill . does ink not dry up when it s not on parchment ? because it t dry at all not on the quill not in the pot . i made a mental note to look that up later but forgot to . the parchment however was not blank it read to my wife i do so long to see you but i t leave while they still search for me . the that i yes i ! the of is a crook ! damn them all god bless his name will surely see to their punishment for their . i m filled with sorrow my dear that i cannot be with you on your birthday but i hope my letter you doing well please tell the that their father them and them . i hope to see you very soon . from your loving husband . had quite the opinion of yourself huh ? i put the letter down and more at the desk itself . it had seven drawers three on either side and one in the middle . i tried all of them and they were all locked but the middle one . i it open to reveal a golden broach more parchment and an old small key . i the what they thought about taking the broach . we all agreed that since it was clear no one was ever going to come back and get it it would be to take it . so i took it . i figured that maybe it could help us cover for more exploration in the future . i tried the key on the first drawer t work second t work and so on until the last drawer . it unlocked the drawer and i it open to reveal another key repeat the process until the final drawer is open . i open it to reveal a stick . well like a stick not like a branch it was really small and sticking out of the bottom of the drawer . i on it and it t budge i it forward and it like a lever . i brick scraping against brick and in front of me . a small and fancy was revealed behind the stone . i had no idea what that meant so i on . while i had been messing around with the desk was still looking at the record player how it was actually built into the wall . why do you think that s like that ? that inconvenient . he . i don t know man everything in here pretty weird i found a switch in a drawer it did that . i pointed out the to him . close the door . he said . what ? why ? i . close the door . he said in an urgent whisper looking angry . the last thing you want to do is get angry i rushed over to the door and shut it quickly locking it with those barred door they used to have . . . so what s the big de i was cut off when covered my mouth and put a finger up to his and pointed to his ear . i and t hear anything . not at first at least . after a few i the voice of a girl or maybe a woman it was hard to tell maybe she was in her late teens ? it t matter . she was saying in a singsong voice . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . i m i t piss myself right there . back at us with a look on his face not knowing what to do . the closer and closer the voice got the more we were . then right outside the door it stopped but we t move something still felt very off . it was silent until came from behind the door by a soft giggle . and i at each other in horror and then back at the door . it had one of those old that you could peek through . i ran over and a piece of parchment from the desk and it in the keyhole . it t get rid of her but at least she t see us . she let out a scream of anger and the door shaking that was it we were dead we were all sure we were dead . we said our and . the shaking stopped though it was quiet again completely silent . as we to stand up all the went out we for our phone and turned them on nothing else had just the . so not knowing what else to do we continued looking around . went back to the phonograph and turning it it turned and turned until it he at me and we both at the wall as another sound of shifting stone from it . was into another brick but we only saw it for a moment before it slipped back in . said to himself thinking . oh don t you start ! said looking mad again . no no listen like the wall and . so maybe it to be in that order but where s the two ? . he closer at a fireplace that he d been observing . two of the now blown out were above it . . . he said as he turned one of the revealing a brick that had a into it . turned the phonograph again and revealed the once more . as he did a big chunk of the wall slid away revealing another passage . we took it what the hell else were we going to do ? we the hallway it led to a wall another secret door that was shut . made sure it t stay that way for long we were glad to have him . it led right into the main room we through truly a blessing . we all agreed it was probably time to go after that ordeal . we decided that we may come back but today was not the day . we all got back to the car very tired and still a bit shaken up . i told i d drive back he to rest after all he d done for us . he lay down in the back seat and in the passenger side . both of them fell asleep pretty damn fast only took a few . i knowing i t have to deal with either of them about the long drive back . as i backed out of the property and onto the overgrown path we took here i once more at the manor . whatever it could lay to rest because despite what i said before i m never going back there . xb my previous story . . r gutb hospital ? source share medium webxmay th at home today . mommy me to keep writing in my diary because she it creativity . she it to get out of my head that have been me . daddy went off to to fight for our country . with mommy going to see . i ' be on my own again at home stuck in my room . all i can do is read and write and this journal . and look out the window . the wagon for ' s bakery around noontime and there s a lot of horse and buggy traffic around three . market street busy when fresh meat is brought in . a bunch of dogs walk in the looking for a bite to eat . . it ' s nothing really exciting not as exciting as the . i ' m going to read . may th i ' t going to write today but after watching the street for a few something caught my eye . it ' t there yesterday . on the far side of the cobblestone road was a pile of rubbish . manure and trash were normal but this had a weird shape to it like it had been along the gutter without much thought . it ' s been there all forenoon . mommy should be home soon . she ' s pork for supper . another dull day . it ' s out . may th there ' s a body in the street . the rubbish been disturbed some of it was removed or washed away and there is a man underneath . i hope he help soon . i his first . they were worn and tattered like ' s . saw everyone walking by him . one woman nearly when she stepped on his hand . he ' t move . a jacket was covering his head . people t seem to notice even by the afternoon . i feel sorry for him . i can ' t look at him . going to wash clothes for mommy . my dress is getting dusty . may th went to the today . he ' s still there . may st mommy taught me about death . she ' t like to hide . she said life is full of dark and . he had been by midday . part of his cheek came out the side of the jacket . he might be dead . again no one . even the people at night don ' t care . going to sleep . may nd the body is still there . no one come to claim him . i wonder if he a family if someone is missing him . the jacket is gone . someone must have taken it . his face is exposed looking at my window . his are dark and empty and his mouth is open . the . i can ' t look at him . may rd its dreadful those staring at me from so far . i swear they are empty but i can ' t be sure . what ' s worse is that everyone it paying no mind . can they not see him ! his hand is a gnarled mess his like a flower . when they brush against him he grotesquely . in his open mouth there is now debris possibly a feather . horse manure is piling up on his side and . he ' s slowly disappearing under filth . i closed the curtain again . may th he ' s still there forgotten like a dead bird . they don ' t even look down . a man in a hat spat on him . ran by and jump over him as if he ' t even there . won ' t somebody do something ? the clothes he ' s wearing were torn . i suspect the dogs are getting curious . what world is this that we ignore our dead ? i feel sorry but it is too hideous to look at . may th i woke up and went to the window . the body ' s arm had been exposed . the dogs got to him again and tore a piece of flesh down to the bone . skin lay open like sheet of cloth . dung lay next to the open wound . i was to see fresh blood from it but thankful that his head was turned the other way . those pale had filled me with fear but i could not understand how it had . was he really dead ? was i it ? i ' t care to find out . i chose to close the . i don ' t want to see . i wish he ' d go away . can ' t sleep . i woke up from a frightful dream where i a tapping on the door . mommy was sleeping in her bed . the rapping continued . on my knee i through the keyhole and saw a black coat standing there . when i woke i up with sweat on my forehead . i was driven to the window with haste but i ' t bring myself to open it . i paced back and forth and sat on my bed for a while staring at the moonlight coming through the . i ' t want to see i t want to look . my heart with every passing moment . i still can ' t sleep . writing pass the time . i await eagerly for the morning sun . the darkness in my head of a man in the street coming to get me and take me away . i don ' t want to see them . i wish he would just go away . i ' t want to do it . i should have stayed in bed but the window kept calling to me . with much regret i went to the and them aside . i with dread at what i saw and felt terrible dismay . a chill at my heart when i saw him standing there gazing up with those hollow . i should have never out the window . hey all this one is for the like me that grew up near pine creek in . might be an enjoyable story for people who have never of it of you probably but i am legit trying to figure something out . keep in mind that this would probably be something anyone who graduated high school in the late s would remember . the rest of you might be too old or too young . if you re in that age range and you re reading this you can probably guess what i m going to ask you about . most of us grew up in the because there was absolutely nothing else to do in pine creek . unless saint mary s was it s annual june carnival pine creek was dead back then . for the reading this we t have and animal crossing to stay connected on the . we all agreed to meet in the after school to play instead . that was our . and was fun but then when you got older you d go to house instead . country grow up on booze and bad not much else to keep us . however there was another option if you were too old for and too cool to drink with and . you could go to old man logger s place and play the werewolf game . for all of you reading this this t the werewolf game that you re thinking of . i know that version i it when i finally went off to college and left pine creek s dilapidated downtown behind . that version is stuff . you all sit in a circle and try to guess who the werewolf is right ? . our version of the werewolf game is different . so different it sent a to the hospital . old man logger legend goes was a misanthropic old coot who built a house way out in the middle of the after a long life of logging for other people . he was a bitter old man who d always to own his own company but t have the to make it happen . there were no in pine creek back then and i don t even think this guy could read . hard to balance the when you can t figure out what s written in them i guess . so he spent his life working for other people his life to fell for crap wages . i guess when he finally got sick of it he built his house and decided to get into the fur trade . by all he was an angry sadistic old coot so the idea of getting to kill was probably irresistible . he bought himself some hunting dogs going to the local every so often for new to train . to get worried though when he kept coming back . more and frequently always for more dogs . a good hunting dog should last a couple of at least right ? i know nothing about hunting so there . but old man logger new every couple of . eventually the local him . no one knew for sure but they assumed he was either a the dogs to the point where they young or b really bad at hunting bad enough that he was being forced to eat the dogs to survive . so what did old man logger do ? he going to the shelter . they t have any reason to turn him down and if anything he was helping them keep their own kill down . when old man logger finally some later after going through what must have been a hundred dogs over the course of his short hunting career the sheriff got some together to investigate the property . what they found was disturbing . old man logger s property was with . many were empty . more were filled with remains . the yard . from what i read in public you can find i been doing my research it like a pet graveyard . the were all sick to their . and it was worse inside . lined the basement old man logger had dug out . literally from floor to ceiling all around . the house was filled with dog food and training . it was also full of . old man logger had either taught himself to read or had an accomplice that did . because what the sheriff found in those proved that old man logger t actually taken up hunting . no . he d been running a dog fighting ring . and he d made a lot of money doing it . the money was what got him in the end because when they found his body out back it was pretty clear he d been shot by someone . probably the same someone who had the house out of anything valuable . i promise i m not writing this all out for my own entertainment it s important to the story . so after the horror wore off the town sent people out to clean up all the remains . they left the that were inside though because they were all empty and technically the house to old man logger s family now . whatever was left of it i guess . but they never came to claim it and no one in pine creek the damn place so it feel into disrepair . it the perfect place for idiot to break in and play with the of the dead dogs . let me make it clear i the werewolf game many times . but i never thought it was anything more than good fun . here s how it worked you and your would dare someone to go into the basement . where the dog . they d be given a candle a lighter and a tennis ball . whoever was to go would then have to descend the into the basement alone and sit dead center in the middle of the room . they d put the candle in front of them light it and ask if anyone to play . you were supposed to wait until you the sound of against the dirt floor or the sound of snuffling . if you were lucky maybe you d hear a bark or two . some i know swore that they growling once . once you got the sign that a dog was there you were supposed to roll the tennis ball away from you . the of the dogs were supposed to roll it back . sometimes it did . i personally think this was just because the ball would hit the opposite wall and come back but because it was so dark your brain would trick itself into thinking it was coming back on it s own . now we it the werewolf game because if you got a ghost to roll the ball back you were supposed to invite the dog to come with you . i know stupid and their around with the of the dead right ? inviting nasty to follow them home . we meant well really . those poor all probably while they were alive why t they come with us and get to see the world again ? the game the piss out of most they d come running back up the screaming that they d a snarl or seen shining in the dark . would play up the werewolf aspect and pretend to be possessed . one i remember was completely . i m sure some of you know who i m talking about . porter . he was a year younger than me . now i t there the night he the game but i about it the next day . had always been kind of a coward and i never understand how they got him to go into the basement . but he did and apparently he d bloody murder while he was down there . it was so loud that the other thought about going down to get him . but then went quiet . . . and he t come back up . not for at least an hour . the other finally went down to see what was going on only to find sitting completely still in the pitch black basement . his candle had been out . the tennis ball was at his . and he was completely calm . in fact he when the other came to get him . after that night was different . more sure of himself . he stood taller working out and quickly a lot more popular around school . maybe his night in the basement had him up yeah ? well . . . is the reason i m writing this . it s been so many since i d even thought about the werewolf game and now i m so much and feeling sick to my stomach . was yesterday accused of murdering four people . unlike most male serial though his t young . they were all old men . and the reason they d connected them all to ? every corpse had been partially eaten . on like oversized dog . it was horrible . . . . i keep thinking about what could have possibly to that night in the basement . was anyone there the night he the game ? does anyone out there know what he saw ? was home by the spirit of one of the dogs ? or . . . was it a lot worse than just being ? i only ask because are still out there in pine creek today the werewolf game . and if what i m thinking actually . . . it could happen again . old man logger a lot of dogs on that property after all . i m sure there s more than one that would love a shot at revenge . if you me five ago what i d be doing with my life it t have been this . now don t get me wrong people of . after the crisis hit and i got that red notice i was happy to get any kind of income flowing in that i could after all the t give a damn about social . but now as i sit here in the dark because i m bone white of what i may see when the come on there s nothing i could wish for more than to go back in time . just three so i would have the better mind to delete that damn before i it and maybe set my on fire just to be on the safe side . i don t know why i m writing this . think of it as the last of a man who s quickly losing his grip on reality . i m being dramatic . i always to be a writer . let me start over . i was desperate for work after i got laid off five ago they said and six of my life were made irrelevant with one letter . can you believe it ? a letter . my boss t even have the to tell me to my face . it may be hard to imagine but the job market for mechanic but only with and air t really booming when everyone was out of the office and it was mid winter new . so i had to suffer through the worst of it . it t that bad honestly even without it to the hell i m living in now . i was a poor college student broker than most and got by on thrift store clothes and and rice just fine . even the two after that back when i was a drifter i by with odd and soup . i was used to struggle . but there was something about it all that just made me feel so desperate . like this was the end for me like i was and just waiting for that floating ring of life to appear so i could grasp at it . on second thought i might been a panic attack . that ring came in the form of an in my one morning right between an alert for the latest drink and some advert offering sex . it like even . i remember hovering my mouse over it wondering what type of crap yahoo used for all this junk to slip through the of my filter before i click . i don t even think i did it on purpose it was like an accident i can t remember consciously telling my brain to send the signal to my . it was like some force decided for me an invisible hand pushing and pushing until it was done . the actual ad was less suspicious from what i can remember . a decently professional offering a part time gig cleaning not the usual junk like or but the gritty stuff . where the prior most likely t pristine of humanity . none of the usual red were there . the pay was decent but not ridiculous . the were on the longer side but they made it clear we would only be in three times a week or so . all i had to do was fill out a quick application on their leave my phone number and they d get back to me in about a week . it took all of fifteen for me to decide to click the link and fill it out . there was no real risk to it the were generic enough no real possibility of them it against me . i sent it in closed my and . it was then i that in my of in my own despair i had never up to any job . my resume t even anywhere . how did they even get my contact information ? like the idiot i am i it . it s here now almost in the room with me . i can t see it but i can smell it . hold on . where was i ? oh the phone call . i got the call two days later after i had already forgotten about the whole thing . on the other side came the drawling voice of who i assumed was the boss son . the young no older than thirteen fourteen at the most . he some script about how thankful they were that i applied how my experience made me a perfect candidate and if i could go into work the next day . i don t have a uniform i said to him . you got any jeans ? professional . after assuring that yes i did have a pair of s rolling around the rattled off some address . i told him to slow down that i to write it down but he told me not to worry . they d just text it to me . when i got the message i knew i was in for some trouble the place was smack dab in one of the worst of town . a two bed room apartment on the that cleaning after the sole occupant got out for non payment . if you t afford rent in that area then you had to have been in a real rough place . i t looking forward to it not at all but i was on my last can of ravioli and the i stuffed around the t keeping the cold out . i was there bright and early at eight the next morning . i don t have a car so i had to call an and pressing pay on those precious few was one of the i ever had to do in my life . the ride over was depressing i never knew how quick the transition from an neighborhood to a bad one was . i knew that i would be over my shoulder the whole time i was here . we up to a deceptively nice apartment building . not too tall maybe five or six painted in a welcoming amber that with the muddy of all the next to it . my driver was quick to speed off the second i got out of the car . maybe that should have been a warning there were no bad . none of that hoodoo . it was a normal apartment in a neighborhood and standing out front of it gave me a misguided hope that just maybe this job t have been as bad as i thought . some ten odd later i a struggling pick up truck pull up behind me blasting old time jazz . oh right . the told me that i d be working with a partner some business veteran who would show me the ropes . the man who hopped out of the decrepit pickup t exactly who i had in mind . he was a chubby giant with a ring of long white hair a center of shiny scalp in some poor man s imitation of a mullet . and if you re too poor to pull off a mullet well that s saying something . aw he cried when he saw me into a toothy grin . you must be the new ! i felt a pang of aggravation at the name honestly the guy younger than me at least in the face . he was nearly wrinkle free still glowing with the optimism only a mid something could have . if it t for the hair and the sloppy overalls he wore he t have out of place on a college campus . on the other hand he made my jeans and sweater look . nice to meet ya . i myself with a fake smile and he over to pull me into an energetic handshake . his were soaked and he smelled like lemon pledge and tobacco . the stench combined in the most unappealing way and i tried to hide the way my nose . he . you get ready soon enough for these he . just wait and see . i m . the at the office said that would be our apparently being six of industrial sized trash a bucket of cleaning stuff a few of and and a vacuum . between the two of us it only took one trip to haul everything into the lobby . took the opportunity to babble endlessly going through the of his life story even though i pointedly did not ask . within the span of ten i learned what town he was from how his dad would beat his how many times he got and the last time he to hoodwink some girl into actually sleeping with him . the guy was exhausting . the inside of the place as demure as the outside tan and manageably clean with a plastic plant in the corner for decoration . there was no one there besides us don t worry th office gave me the key yesterday had said so we lugged all our stuff to the elevator and took it up to the fifth floor second to last . the were innocent enough as well except for one thing it was totally silent . once the groan of the ancient stopped upon our exit everything fell to a still quiet . it was like a library except even a library had the of turning and scribbling not a lot of huh ? i turned to to ask . the sound me even though it was my own voice . it broke through the air and it like a baseball through a window . like it was something that t belong . it made me feel uneasy . don t have the idea what you mean he . the sarcasm made me grimace . we made our way down the silent hall a stretch of brown carpet and flickering ceiling that to go on for forever . this place was bigger on the inside than it had when i was standing out front . after what had to have been at least eight we our destination apartment . it normal enough at least from the outside . the door was the same brown oak as all the rest not exceptional in anyway . the guy who lived here got away with his rent for three . can you believe it ? took the opportunity to fill the silence with his chatter as he through his for the key . some computer engineer guy that worked from home so you know he had some money away . used to live here with his but she damn near a decade ago . he finally found it at the bottom of one of his out the shiny silver like it was a prize . he at me and it against his temple before pushing the key into the lock . he turned the doorknob then to enter before he stopped dead in his . he turned to look at me and i can remember his uncharacteristically serious face sending a sudden chill down my spine . now listen he carefully slowly . this is your first day on the job i m not fault you for that . but you have t listen to what i say alright ? this job can be complex . i to scoff but i quiet . the dude was acting like we were the local bomb squad . instead i all my self control and settled on one grim nod . he my face for a bit then must been satisfied with whatever he saw because he open the door and we in . my god even now even if i up every ounce of creativity i t be able to describe the smell . i damn sure try . it was as if the gate to hell . outside the hallway had been a chilly temperature but a wall of sweltering heat hit us the second we it . sweat beaded on my brow almost immediately and i wearing the . right behind it was the smell and even now the memory of it me gag . i did actually throw up at the moment bile had shot up my throat like a natural response but i had the mind to swallow it down before i made this mess worse . imagine the smell of a rotten potato when it into that disgusting brown who s smell remind you of fish and garbage . now multiply that by ten then mix in the stench of intense body odor stagnant water and something rotten . i . only let out a low whistle . the apartment itself was in no better shape it was almost pitch black and my took a second to adjust . once they did it was easy for me to see why had been across the as if the occupant were trying his best to keep any trace of sunlight from entering . the light from the hallway made it easier to see and suddenly i wished we were in pitch black . the place was a mess no that s an understatement . the place was a total wreck . the floor was carpet or at least it used to be . i could only see of it out from the mile high heaps of garbage that the ground loose mail old pizza decorated with various fast food . the trash covered almost every surface at least from where i could see . it was baffling to think that one man could make this much of a mess in only a few this like worth of effort . i took a step in a dried out chicken bone snapped underneath my foot . for my next i carefully at the nearest piece of bare carpet and made a jump for it when my foot landed it sank the sound of something wet ing from underneath it . it brought another fume of putrid with it and i anew . there were too . mountain dew of course . there were so many of them neatly wherever they could fit . i thirty of them before i gave up . they were the only in some sort of order in the whole place . piss ! said confidently and i felt my breakfast come back up . he shook his head casually as if this t the worst thing he ever laid on . these always have em he on a pair of . the bathroom s right there but they never seem to make it . i knew what type he was talking about all my time spent the made me privy to some terminology . i believe the term was oversized man who their hygiene and humanity in favor for the of video and other similar . our modern day and of society . come on . he threw another pair over to me jutting his chin out to the mountain of trash before us . we got a job to do . once the initial shock wore off apprehension was close behind it . i t sure how the company only two men to get through this in one day at least i assumed it was one day . there had been no mention of coming back to this place later that week . and thank god for small . there was like a a smog about the place . a miasma i think the word is . like the air was more sludge than gas up all the oxygen in our and it with a bitter stank that curled my nose . i used that phrase before something so horrible it your nose curl but i must been the first person in the world to take that literally . no really the first person . was fine . in fact he had taken to the dustpan as a shovel of garbage into a trash bag with haste . he was whistling too some light ditty with a lit cigarette hanging from his lip . the smoke straight up with the miasma to create an entirely new scent that me off just as much as it disgusted me . do you mind ? i had . he me off not even to look at me . i the extra dustpan and decided to mimic his it like the most productive way to cut through this mess . you learn one day that the help he said off . help with what ? the stench . they . could you believe that ? i t . the smell of those cancer sticks was always number on the list of i the most . sure they got down a few after today but the distaste was still there . he took the chance to into more useless tales of his life with no input from me of course . his high school life how he was a bully turned student advocate after some life scare his college his endless search for that somehow led him here . it s tough work he out between of green tinged . but it s honest work once you know how to manage it . you learn all the all the . the pay t half bad either . . that part made me curious . the pay s not bad huh ? i instead . again . hell yeah brother . you see that beauty outside ? he pointed his thumb in what i assume was the direction of the rust on he a truck . brought er in straight cash just four after i here . impressive . impressive i sarcastically . i t see your car out front he said . i busying myself with our work . he then that annoying sound . don t have one huh ? listen here how bout i give you a ride home after all this is through ? there was almost nothing that worse to me than spending fifteen trapped in a moving vehicle with his smell and his voice except of course paying for the same fifteen minute ride . so instead i and he and then we went back to the mess . it took at least three to clear the living room . by the end of it we had filled six to their and let me remind you these t your usual grocery store . these bad were the type you brought in hardware . they were big . even with the floor clear i knew the room was a total loss . the carpet was absolutely filthy a purplish gray that hung heavy with the weight of something liquid . there were thick brown almost black every few crusted around its . it smelled marginally better which let us know that the bulk of the smell must been coming from somewhere else . this is a two bedroom you said ? i already exhausted . me on the back then me another trash bag . lunch time t here yet brother . the bathroom and the first bedroom were in a similar state to the first . garbage that at least two above my own frame suspicious soda filled to the brim with dark amber liquid and food were all that us . i still t fathom how one man could do this all himself . even stranger other than the food and piss there were almost no that anyone had ever lived here . no of a personal touch no or silverware . there t even a sheet on the mattress leaving it bare and as as the rest of the place . i brought it up to to see if he had any . it s not unusual he . people who do this kind of thing take to in the middle of the night where no one can see them . they pack up their clothes and and just run . they leave whatever they can t carry . it made enough sense at the time . then we found someone else in the bathroom . a she actually . with shiny skin and red pursed in an eternal pout winking seductively . her were cones that out dangerously and she was on top of a mound of and used in the bathtub upside down and spread eagle . like our tenant was enjoying himself . a tear running to his eye pushing the sex doll to the side with the end of his broom . leave it he in between . we pop it later then put it with the rest of the junk . it was three when we through the rest of the apartment . it was hell work i had thought no way i d ever do this again . just block the company number and go back to destitution . but i have to admit it was satisfying . looking back over that place when it was all said and done seeing how i took that den of degeneracy and turned it into something almost decent it damn near brought a tear to my eye too . except that smell . it was still there . it almost had gotten worse . sure those of trash we had lined by the front door t no field of either but this was something entirely else . it was like all that garbage was just padding to cover up a stench that was even worse . where is that coming from ? i around and then my landed on the door . it was the door to the second bedroom the one we had forgotten about . damn . i was crushed we t done . i t looking forward to tackling that beast but the sooner we got it over with the sooner i could go home . i for the doorknob . and me back . he damn near my elbow out of the socket it stung like a bitch . man ! i had . his hand was still on me crushing my skin under his in a vice like grip . the man was than he . he was still smiling but it t really there . his t smiling they were that same cold steel from back in the hallway that out of place seriousness that t becoming of him . you just leave that one well alone he in that low and slow tone . i wretched my shoulder from his grip but he snatched me back fast as lightening . you can t be serious i . we go in there something s rotting man ! he just shook his head . it s our job ! that he pointed to the door . is not our job . out here was our job and we did it . now come on . he to pull me to the exit but i to slip from his grasp . i to all the we had . we can t just leave these here . we re not he the face of his watch . it s we go eat then swing back and toss em out . an idea came to my mind . i m not hungry i said after a moment . he his brow and i shook my head looking back at the room . you can t really expect me to eat after all this can you ? i can t even be around food right now i puke ! so what do you want to do then ? you go on to lunch i . i stick behind throw out these . maybe sweep a little make the place look a bit . then by the time you get back everything will be done and we can go home . that s awfully nice of you he said his in suspicion . think of it as thanks for the ride . i don t like owing people . he took a long moment to consider me staring me up and down sizing me up . he t trust me . i put on my most earnest face and it out . it took but eventually he satisfied with whatever he saw . he at me then went out the door . after a beat i tip toed over and my ear against the wood . he was still there i could hear him . he was breathing deep and hard like he was holding something back . the scent of artificial and smoke still tickled my nose . he stood there for a long time and so did i before i finally the of his moving back down the hall . a moment and then the archaic groan of the elevator before he stepped on and it continued its journey . i longer still until the sound of what i could convince myself was his truck puffed down the street . that guy . i t going to let some head with a chain smoking problem compromise my . there s no way the company would fork over full wage if we left an entire room filled with junk no matter what said . if i had to be the one to clean it all by myself then so be it . i won t lie i before i that door . the stench was definitely coming from whatever was in that room of the scent smoked out from underneath the crack like a warning . i should to it . if whatever was in there smelled worse then everything that was out here i t eager to find out what work i had waiting for me . i the door and . god almighty the place was spotless . and someone lived in there . or they had at least at some point . it was entirely different from the rest of the apartment like someone took a saw and cut out a chunk of a house somewhere else then just it here . the were a light pink and the floor was a sturdy wood . there was a small medical bed in the corner dressed completely and layered with a red quilt . next to it was a side table with a small fern and a book laid coverside down . were hung up on the nothing insidious still of fruit and . from where i was i could just barely see into the closet a few were suspended up on the next to folded up pants no doubt . and the smell there was none . it smelled fine a little peachy even . what the hell . i had taking a tentative step in . the door closed behind me but i it no mind . all of the in this place were like that they were weighted strangely . there was no sign of the stench anywhere in here . i took my time looking around the room taking curious into dresser drawers for any spare garbage . maybe a dead rat had snuck into here for its final or maybe twenty but there was nothing my could perceive . it to be a perfectly normal bedroom . i don t know when i made my way over to the bedside but i did . the drawers in it were completely empty spotless . i dragged a finger over the wooden surface and brought it up to my face for inspection . no dust . i and my finger off on my shirt anyway . there t anything here . must been right when he said to leave it the guy might not have been so crazy after all . i went to leave when something caught my eye . the book . it was innocent enough the back a light velvet and the spine firm . our tenant t seem like the type to enjoy a good book so it made me curious . i turned it over . it was a though someone had crossed out the second b with a needle . angry were in the velvet over and over until the letter was barely visible it was only the light from the window that even me to read it . i was never a religious man but it chilled something in me . i don t know why but i it open . it read genesis in the beginning god and it was without form and void and darkness . i that s not how it was supposed to go . in the passage had been out entire . i turned to the next page and the breath left out of me . the entire page was out corner to corner . i to flip through them even faster . black . black . black . who would do this ? i whispered to myself . in my haste my finger slipped from where it the edge of the book . my index finger brushed the sea of dark and came up wet . sludge . it was black sludge smeared across these the very same that now clung to my finger and down my skin . it t just wet it was fresh . wait a minute . i up and met bare wall . i turned to one side then the other . . nothing but and the door behind me . there was no window in here . i t hit a switch when i in . where was this light coming from ? my blood ran cold and i the book . why was it so bright in here ? the rest of the apartment was near pitch black even with the light from the hallway . i breath in my chest as my frantically around . something was wrong here . i back down to the side table at the glossy wood and the fern plant . i out to touch it this plant t fake . it was real and it was alive . that plant was in here for six . someone s still here i whispered . i was wrong when i said that there were no bad . that s all i could feel right then an oppressive darkness that weighed down on me pushing the air out of my and crushing them . no not crushing them filling them up with sludge until i was choking on it . the stench was back i full force . it to emanate from everywhere out in and stinging my . a rancid heavy rot that was nothing but heat . sweat down my face in a second falling into my vision and them . rolled down in response unabashed and a noise to sound . it was me . i was crying wretched out from me . my body was a visceral alarm to something my t see but that my soul could feel . there was a darkness in here . it took everything in me to run from that room and once i i t stop . i sped through the apartment and out the door by passing the elevator to take the . i t risk stopping while i was still inside it was like something was chasing me right on the edge of my . i t afford to slow down . that energy carried me from the apartment building and halfway down the block . it was the most exercise i done in and the toll it took on my body t hit until then . i onto the sidewalk gulping in of the clean air feeling the sunlight prick my skin awake . it was like i in there and the fresh breeze of life was me . found me there about an hour later sat on the sidewalk with my head hanging dejectedly . he to a stop rolled down the window and shook his head . you don t take kindly to following huh ? i t respond instead moving to open the car door . fast as a whip he locked it leaving me outside . you said you d give me a ride ! i . he a bitter sting that made my redden . you t that around me boy he . i told you so . he sped off down the street leaving me alone in the fast approaching nightfall . a fifteen minute drive home and a three hour walk . i those three . i could bit the bullet and an but something in me t want to be stagnant in the dark . if i kept moving i would be fine fine from what i don t know . what the can t see remember ? when i got home i undressed in the hallway quickly before anyone could see me . i left my clothes there in front of my door because they . i went to the shower turned the water as hot as it could go and scrubbed . i don t know how long i was in there but it was long past when the water turned cold and i ran through my entire monthly of body wash and shampoo . i scrubbed until my skin turned red and raw and until i t smell anything but cheap dollar store peppermint . i wished desperately for the suds to strip me of that scent for the stench to swirl along with it right down the drain . i . then . clean . i was finally clean . all the in my apartment went on soon after that light bill be damned . it would be hard to sleep but so be it there s no amount of money in the world or no loss of slumber i t handle to never have to feel what i felt in that place ever again . but i did try to sleep after that tossing and turning under the overhead light until i fell into the void of empty . the smell awoke me at am . it curled the of my nose and beaded my forehead with sweat . that sickening smell the smell of rot snaking its way into my home . my shot open and i froze dread coursing through my . something s here . and it s outside . something was moving around in my living room something with slow dragging that as it . my voice caught in my throat but i t let it loose . i t dare to . s last rung in my head . i brought it home with me . i laid there frozen to my mattress as it around my apartment . i could hear it rumbling through drawers climbing over furniture knocking to the ground . the stench grew with every passing moment the rancid miasma making my head swim . it towards my room . i the of the hallway creak just the way they always did when i on them . the sound was sending me into a frenzy my chest pounding . the smell grew . from underneath the door i could see a shadow roll by . it then turned . i panicked . my hand shot out and the light of my lamp i don t know why but i did . i felt like i to do something . in an instant my room was shrouded in darkness i had no in here just the bare wall . the shadow as well its movement once the light fell . it there for a moment and i kept my trained on its dark form . i t blink . after an eternity it slithering down the hallway towards the bathroom . at the scene a terrible relief washed through me as i something . it the light . those against the window suddenly made sense . i been trapped here for these three . did you know that s how long a human can survive without food ? water not so much but i god at least thirty times that i was lazy enough to leave a few half empty of water strewn across my room . no food though . i starved before back in college but this was something different . i finally have a flat stomach now at least . i still don t know why i m writing this i been you see . my phone works but i don t have anyone to call no family no . i thought about calling the police but the idea that some poor could get stuck with this thing no i t do it . believe it or not i m not a horrible guy . but i do have an idea if i wait long enough then the light in the hallway will die . then the place will be dark just like it needs to be . i think i know what that tenant was do if i m smart about it maybe i could trap this thing . damn . i made a noise just now when i . i crushed some of the trash beneath me . that s another thing i back when the smell was driving me to the brink . i had a can of air freshener in here damn near the entire thing and it t make it dent in it . it t strong enough . then i eyed my trash can it was to the brim with and a few rotten banana . i took it and it out over the floor . it stank but god did it help . the smell of the garbage was foul enough to push that putridness back to cloud it . it t pleasant but it sure was preferable to whatever that thing was . thing . i know what it is . it damn near told me . it s nothing . it s the void the darkness . that little bit of nothing god so that he could put something in it something opposite of it . life . maybe he forgot to trash it when he was done i don t know but he left it there . and it and it because it . it that light he filled everything with . that s why it rotten because it is rotten . it s rot and its death and it s been itself under my door for the last few . i think it can feel the light from my . i turned down the brightness as far as it could go but it still hold on . to preface what i ' m about to tell you i should let you know that i ' m not a believer in the supernatural . not really anyways . i guess i believe in god but i ' m not very religious . the concept of and and all that never even registered in my mind . telling scary late at night to my little brother as a was the i ' d ever gotten but what two ago all that . i ' m not anyone special . i ' m a college student community college in the town i grew up in and working a late shift at ' s to help pay for it . thrilling right ? but for me i don ' t mind the normalcy . i like my town i like the closeness of it all and the decision to stay here gave me a sense of comfort in the midst of all the about the future . my made it clear that they would do everything they could to work with my schedule and so i ' d often work from around to as part of the shift . that ' s where i was that taking drive through as the daylight faded and the air turned cold . it was barely spring and the weather in my state ' t quite figured that out yet . each time i the window to take someone ' s credit card to scan i got a blast of cold that felt like it was cutting all the way through me . by the time we were ready to close up i was freezing tired and pretty miserable . i still had to walk home too . so it was around half past as i made my way through the dark streets back to my apartment . i live in a small town that ' s just outside of a fairly big city and though we ' re not some metropolis we ' t a tiny dot on the map either . decently sized and lined the of my path home but almost all of them were dark and silent . other than the occasional street lamp that would cast a warm orange glow in a section of my path the only light was from the full moon out that night . i never minded that darkness even with the biting cold of the breeze that kept trying to blow my hat off . for me there was a peace about the night and a feeling it carried that would make me relax . a calmness i guess you could say in the air . occasionally over the i ' d worked this job i ' d pass a fellow walker on the sidewalk neither of us the other and it felt like any other person would intrude on your little world . but that was just how it was . so when i was about halfway home and i saw a figure heading my way i ' t think anything of it . our city a very low crime rate and i always carried mace with me on these late nights so i ' t worried about that aspect . but as i got and the person past one of the street i could make out some . it was a man wearing some kind of or cloak or something that was almost as dark as the starless sky that night . i ' t tell much else mainly because he had the hood of his coat low over his but my first real glance at him left me strangely uneasy . it was like some of those you see of old that seem familiar but just a little bit off . only this feeling came from a person a person who was heading right towards me . i tried not to let my unease show as the man me . i only had two straight ahead until i my apartment so i was going to just keep my head down walk on and get to bed as soon as possible . but as the man to about an arms length away i swear i felt heat off of him . like the night was cold . there was no it . the wind bit at me the air was dry and my jacket ' t nearly thick enough . but as we towards each other i felt suddenly hot . like in the summer sun type hot . the surprise of it me to look up to see what the hell was up and i was just about to pass him . he was angled to face me as he by and i was in just the position to see into the hood over his head . my met his or rather my gaze fell on where his should have been but there was nothing . he had no . he had no mouth . he had no nose no no . this man passing me on the sidewalk at almost midnight had no actual face and he was warmth like a heat lamp . you might think i ' m crazy and truth be told i first did as well . the moment i what i was seeing i let out a yelp and back and the man away as if i had him . then the instant was over and i ' t see under his hood but i could see his head turn towards me as he hastily stepped back a few . " you you can see me ? " he me his voice than i thought it would have been . i ' m not sure how he spoke even but were spoken and were spoken almost with painfully precise pronunciation . " yes ? " i unsure of what to say . hell i was unsure of what to think . had my maybe just me ? was it a trick of the light ? but then his next few cut through my at rationalization and left me with my mouth open in shock . " ' t supposed to be able to see me especially not the i ' m supposed to come for . " for the first few my brain ' t even register the word " " . all i was that last part and how it very much like a threat . i took another step back at that suddenly overly conscious of how dark and solitary everything really was during night like these . in an instant the night ' t seem very . " i have a weapon so don ' t think about trying anything " i out but to make me even more confused he to shake his head . " i ' m not the one here to hurt you . i ' m just here to carry you home . " my body froze and i felt a chill run down my spine but this time it had absolutely nothing to do with the cold . " what are you and how the hell do you know who i am ? are you some stalker or something huh ? don ' t you dare make a move on me . " my hand had closed around the small spray can in my pocket as i had spoken but he made no towards me . " i won ' t . but he might . " before those even had a chance to register something into the back of my head and in an instant i was out on the pavement mace no longer in my and something wet and sticky was on the back of my head . pain shot through me and i could barely move my head let alone try and stand up . my vision was fuzzy too but when it a bit i saw someone else standing over me . the faceless man was gone but this newcomer had something pointed at me that very much like a gun . " you little you know how long it ' s taken me to find you ? " he in a voice much than the faceless man ' s . i ' t see this newcomer ' s face but that was because he wore a surgeon ' s mask over his mouth and nose . i could make out dark looking hair reaching to his and clothes that worn and i if maybe this was the faceless man ' s accomplice . " you think you can just do whatever the hell you want ? ! " he suddenly out with his foot and kicking me in the side . i doubled over as another surge of pain hit me like a wave of needles spreading out through my body and when i i could taste blood . " you college are all the same thinking because you got money you can get away with anything . that car was how i got to work how i could eat how i could pay rent . and you it all ! " i had no idea what this guy was talking about . i still don ' t . on that dark stretch of street i think he mistook me for some other college prick that him over somehow . but laying there on my back all i could see was the barrel of a revolver in my face . he was serious . he was going to kill me . and as i whipped my head from side to side i saw that the along this section of street were all dark and silent . there was no one here to help me . " i . . i ' m not who you think i am ! " i throwing my up as i to crawl back from him . the only answer i got was the snap of his gun being cocked which froze me in my . " you ' re done " was all he said and when i up and caught a glimpse of his i saw that i was about to die . i could see that in his glare in his stance in the way the light from the distant off the barrel of the gun . i was about to die . and then i saw something else out of the corner of my vision and i turned my head before the man in front of me could pull the trigger . there standing a few to my right was the faceless man . he stood silently motionless like he was a statue there in monument to my death . but he was there . someone was there . " please help me ! " i out to him and i could see him flinch like he had been physically hurt by my . the man with the gun turned slightly to see who i was talking to and although his gaze was right on the faceless man it was like he right through him and saw nothing . " there ' s nobody here to hear you scream " the man said taking a step closer and pressing the cold metal of the barrel against my cheek . " so save yourself some dignity and shut the hell up . " " i know you ' re there ! i can see you ! " i my assailant ' s to beg the faceless man to help me . " i know you see me ! please please don ' t let me die ! " i was crying as i for my life . full on sobbing really . down my and my chest but other than the initial tilt of the head there was no response from the faceless man . my attacker however drew in a deep breath and i could tell he was only a second away from the trigger . then the faceless man just barely holding up a single finger and my attacker ' s stomach exploded . right in front of me it was like someone had a hole straight through him . i felt warm blood splatter across my face suddenly as the man was all of a sudden missing half of his torso and as i away in initial shock the man to turn to look at me before he fell . his were confused and . i was the last thing he saw before he crumpled to the ground blood and entrails onto the sidewalk and onto me . i ' t move . i ' t move . i was lying on my back and i could still feel the warmth of his blood on me . i ' t move my away from the sight of him just lying there . a grown man was just in front of me and i ' t look away from the blood the body the strewn across the sidewalk . i ' t look away . i still can ' t get that sight out of my mind out of my even if the police told me they found no body . i can ' t forget it but i want nothing more than to unsee that sight . i was shaken out of my shock if only for a minute by the sound of on the sidewalk . i to wrench my away from the mess in front of me to see the faceless man standing over me cloak still low over his head but he ' t speak . i was shaking i was so . i ' t know what had just . i ' t know what this thing was . all i knew was that it could probably kill me too with the flick of a finger if it . then it slowly bent down so that it was kneeling over my would be murderer ' s body and a hand up to gently pull the hood down from its face . i had caught a glimpse of its face before but this was even worse . its head was round and the skin was light but it had no . it had no hair no no mouth no nose no nothing . its head was just a flesh covered orb and i ' t help but cower as it turned to look at me . i don ' t know how it could see me but i felt its gaze on me somehow . it felt cold despite the heat the figure radiated . " what what are you ? " was all i could manage out . in response as my were still locked on it it its hand down and it through the rapidly growing pool of blood by the body . then it brought the hand up to its head and with two extended its hand across its face . i ' t see it at first but after a few i it had drawn a crude " smile " where its mouth should have been . a little curved line drawn with blood was the only face it had now . " you call me the faceless man " it or rather he said but nothing in its his head . the simply out of him without any movement or visible . " i ' m known by many . some call me death . some call me the reaper . simply call me a ferryman or a traveller . each name is correct . " " you you ' re " " yes i am . and you are not supposed to see me . so tell me how is it that you can ? " i ' t answer . i ' t know . i still don ' t . i was literally staring into the faceless maw of death and it me how i could see it . i simply as my body but i ' t turn my away from him . " i do not understand . you ' t supposed to see me and you were supposed to die tonight " he continued almost as if i ' t even there . " but you did and you saw me a second time . i ' t let you go without you but i ' t interfere with fate . and yet i did . you me to help and i ' t turn you away . i ' never been to by a mortal before . what is this ? what are you ? " " th . . thank you for saving me " i finally and those to snap the faceless man out of his moment . he slightly and that " face " turned away from me . " i gave you a second chance tonight " he said . " it is not something i do often . don ' t waste it and know that i will be watching you . now go tell no one and forget what you saw . " when i blinked next the faceless man was gone . the body still lay at my gaping hole in the middle of its stomach . the man ' s blood was still on my face but it ' t warm . i ' t . i ' t crazy . as blood continued to soak the pavement i got to my and i ran home as fast as i could . but i ' t do what the faceless man i ' t forget . the moment i got to my apartment and locked the door i the police and told them what . well i told them someone tried to kill me and they had gotten shot or something in front of me . i was crying as i told them the out of my mouth as i saw the man whose name i ' t even know die over and over and over again in front of my . i saw it when i tried to close my and sleep . i saw it when i . and when the police came to my house to tell me that they found no sign of the body or any indication of an attack i still saw it in my mind . no one ' s my story . hell not even my therapist will listen to me . i ' turned to family to god to church but everyone at me like i ' lost my mind . but i know i haven ' t . i know what i saw and what i felt . if i was going crazy how could i have made up something that me awake every damn night ? if i was how could i see that bloody corpse every time i set foot on a sidewalk ? but as the days turned to and the turned to i to believe them . maybe they were right . maybe it was a dream or maybe i it all . the image in my mind of the dead man lying in front of me was blurry now and it made me wonder if maybe it never at all . i was starting to believe that it was all just a bad dream . but then last night when i was starting to relax back into my routine i saw him again . the faceless man came back to me . i had quit my job and was on college after my first encounter and last night i was up late for a final that was coming next week . i was on the in my book and i was fighting off tiredness but i was awake and alert nonetheless . so when the silence of my little apartment was broken by the sudden sound of static i almost out of my chair . i rushed over to the second room that as a kitchen dining room and living room all at once and saw that my had somehow turned itself on . i knew for a fact i had turned it off but at that moment the screen was filled with white static and noise was filling the room . confused i closer and bent down to look at it and that was when i caught a glimpse of a figure flash by amidst the static on the screen . the image was only for an instant but the black silhouette was such a contrast to the white of the screen that it me back a step . that ' s when i his voice . " . " i and whirled around my heart racing as i the voice that spoke even though i wished that i ' t . standing behind me exactly the same as he had two was the faceless man . only this time there was no darkness to hide his . there was no safety in the openness of a street . " what are you doing here ? " i my surprise would hide my horror and my disappointment . it ' s a strange thing to say i was disappointed but i had almost convinced myself that what had ' t real . and now he was in my house . in response the faceless man stepped forward startlingly fast and onto my shoulder . immediately searing pain shot through me as my mind registered that his hand was burning hot and although i tried to shake loose his grip was like iron . his hand kept down on my shoulder and when i up in fear i saw something i ' t expect . his hood had been down to reveal that same featureless " face " only this time something had . for an instant i could see two brilliant red where his should have been and when my own locked into them i found that i ' t look away . the pain in my shoulder faded as those shone with such a bright burning red it felt like i was staring into the of hell itself . in hindsight i wonder if maybe i was . " listen to me " the faceless man said and i ' t bring myself to focus on anything else . " fate not been happy with the second chance i ' given you . she is angry and vowed to change your path again to bring you back home . she ' s going to bring you to her again and i can ' t give you any more . " " why do you mean ? " i unable to wrap my head around the spoken without a mouth . " are you saying something is going to kill me ? " " yes . if fate her hand then the world itself will turn against you and you will die . and if you die without finding for what we both crave to know " the faceless man off and his hand away . " you have to run . you have to survive . if i reach you again that that your death is no longer escapable . you have to find out why you ' re different . find out for both of our . " " but " i but he a burning finger to my forehead and cut me off . " sleep . " my shut against my will and when i them a moment later i was laying on my apartment floor and morning sunlight was pouring through the . the faceless man was gone and i was again left confused and afraid . only this time i knew that something else something worse was coming . or rather is coming . i know now that i don ' t have any more time to waste . if death is coming for me i have to be ready . i have to understand why i can see him why he saved my life when he should have taken it and how i can escape him once more . so that ' s why the first thing i did when i woke up this morning was type this out to post here . i ' m done with the truth . i need to find even if i don ' t know how . so i ' m starting here . i ' m any of you please tell me if you know anything about what ' s happening to me . i need every clue i can find before my clock out . s violent gaping maw flew down at my father s instantly . dad s to block her mouth . and in a way he . one of s saber teeth tore through the center of his palm and flew out the other side binding them together . dad while she . for the moment at least his chest was safe . dad ! i running toward the pillar where the two of them were locked at one . ! he back looking directly at me . not at or but at me . flank ! now ! i back to the chamber door and the deep coldness that had been creeping through my arms finally my heart . five had burst into the room and were toward us . if multiple allies are in danger a good will assist those who have the chance at turning the odds not the you feel emotionally to . you can t save their if you first lose your head . i d read my father s through and through each time this advice had obvious . but there is an indescribable difference between sacrifice in an academic sense and the sudden moment when loss becomes permanent . i think the world would be unrecognizably if those with the ability to effect change understood the capacity they have to inflict or rescind the kind of pain that several . i turned away from my father when he me most . then i my and prepared to unleash the death i kept inside . ! ! i out three in each hand and them into their open arms . i out two more for myself and at my . they . then the three of us turned and ran toward the group that thought five three was fair . a can strike from arm s length need to move their dangerously close to a victim themselves to great risk . but are only effective from the front or behind while a vampire can strike at any angle and will do so stealthily if they float quietly in the dark . my thought they understood this . as i was between my i faced the middle of their advancing line . the next ten were more intense than any single day of my life up to that point . two near the center both for me the thirteen year old those and i a stake for each of them . to use their height against me they raised their arms and for my . i rose higher . clearly not me to float like one of their own their momentum carried them low and forward . i in keeping my above their grasp and spinning my downward . right into each of their . both buried deep into their and flew from my . i landed softly and turned around to face them . they were already dead on the floor . i into my for two more but my hand stuck in place . a sallow faced vampire with stringy hair and milky gray had caught my wrist . he was smiling . and he was a hell of a lot than me . instinct took over i was acting without thinking as though hunting had been learned long ago . my and i bit into his wrist . with no pulse he t bleed but that did not stop me from eagerly tearing apart the spaghetti mess of blood and stringy muscle that i out from underneath his skin . i his hand quickly control of my own . he in fury and bit down hard on my neck . i . you can t turn what s already been turned pal . then i wrapped my arm around his head pinning his skull to my neck and trapping his teeth inside me as he . i drove two into his back at once . a large chunk of my skin tore away as he fell but i felt no pain . part of me was already dead . i turned to face my . was making quick efficient that kept his opponent on his . however was grappling with a burly vamp at close quarters . he weak . and so i understood that i to judge family and pick . ! i cried out as i him both . he up and snatched them from but i t have time to see what next . i flew onto the man wrestling . landing on his back i biting . he by leaning back and me into the stone column to which had been tied and i nearly let go . nearly . he me again and i felt weak . i my mouth and my teeth on his back . me a third time he my head painfully against the stone sending my through his skin and into his heart . he froze . i was still pinned but i could barely reach my with one hand . i gingerly slipped two in a free stake then around him in that would see my offering . the stake was taken from my hand but i t see who found it . fortunately i my bite just before the tip of the weapon from his back . it nearly split my face open . careful ! i . you almost me ! the vamp fell to the floor . i let go and quickly got to my . my brother at me wild eyed stake still in a white knuckle grip . he was angry . tell me mangel why do you look like the sort of thing that i m supposed to stab ? instinct me and i had no response . dad ! and the desperation in his voice me more than anything else had that night . he was standing by his opponent looking over my shoulder . i t want to turn around and see what was behind me . i if i could stay there forever never laying what had my big brother so much . maybe it would be possible to grow old while everything that would be too painful to turn around and see . i thought of all the i and that each one would be an at some point in my life . no wonder the very old seem so tired . i turned . dad was dead . his chest had been broken open leaving a mess of and a small lake of blood . he d always so strong and i was mind numbingly disappointed to see that his body had been such a frail shell all along . tackled . no ! he . she kill you don t try ! the ready to explode from s neck . let go of me ! i m going to kill her ! i m going to kill her ! help me mangel ! . he s not thinking clearly ! she kill him before he close ! you re a monster mangel ! spat . stay away from me ! one arm loose he was about to break free . let him come to me the deep feminine voice . i that it was entirely in my head and could speak to me without anyone else hearing . i want more . i had so badly to stop being . and now with the ability to turn in anyone s favor i chose i was unable to move . i at dad . he so small . the world was much than i had it to be and i was so much smaller still . stay away from him a new voice across the chamber . he t yell but everyone froze just the same . my stopped fighting and i could feel s attention turn to the newcomer . he calmly but efficiently trod across the stone floor looking evenly at me . you and your should leave mangel . they have no intention of any of you survive . a flash of anger radiated from i could feel the emotion running through her . but beyond that was a more primal reaction . she was afraid . i into my and out two more . thank you for the offer rick i heatedly . but no one s going anywhere . that bitch my dad and i m not leaving until the hunt is finished the final part whomever is reading this if you ' t it ' s probably best you read the rest of my part part part part part hello everybody its me again officer . i know i left off at a weird point yesterday and there ' s a reason for that . which i ' m getting to i promise . i want to tell you everything right now but i really think its best for me to catch you up to where i am at currently before i start talking about the past few days . a lot to say the least and ever since well whatever he did to my head really made it hard to keep focus . or to feel quite normal as it were . everything foggy and disconnected at times . i ask that you forgive me for my random . bloody hate that toad . . . anyway where was i ? soon after . . whoever was me ? used my name . . well i out a bit . i don ' t know much but seen plenty of horror . . i know that if the person you dont know whose you from a distance your name . . that ' s probably not a good thing . i ran my ass away from the apartment and office and such across the bridge but still away from the murder tree area of course because well . i could still the flickering that basically " hey big murder tree and i eat your face " or something . again not entirely sure even now what the tree does beyond disappearing people . regardless due to the same " watching horror " thing pretty sure running away from one spooky scary thing directly at the other already known danger is pretty much a really really stupid thing to do . thats just to be so ya know look at me . . all not dying like an idiot and such . go me . in that moment as i ran up to where i my car my phone to ring . i it as i into the front seat and locked myself in feeling in the of my own vehicle . " what the hell mark i told you to call me " i hear voice boom out agitation and worry in her voice . " i . . theirs . . " i begin before i realize i probably ' t mention the whole morse code thing . . i know i know . i realize we ' re supposed to report strange . but ya know technically morse code ' t an anomaly . and of course of that when i really think about technically that ' s well outside of my site so ya know . i over that and continued " . . nothing theirs nothing . fine . i just myself . it . fine i promise . how are you ? how ya . . boss lady . you good ? i ' m " following a moment of silence she clearly not convinced . oh well . apparently i need to work on . . " look i ' m nearby . do you need me to stop by . " she interrupting my " it really ' t be that big of a deal . you sound really " ? ' t that a thing ? weird . she ' s not ? think for a moment . about to tell her no because i don ' t think its worth her or taking up her time when i remember the badge . and i suppose it would give me an opportunity to ask some . plus . she me . " if you ' re nearby anyway sure . i know what this rank upgrade me with . plus yeah . it ' d be good to see you . " after a moment i hear her voice once more . " i ' be there in five . you coffee ? " " oh yes " i say " that ' d be amazing . sugar light cream " i ask . i usually take my coffee black but i think something a little sweet might help calm my a bit . " " she " i ' see you soon . meet me at the office . stay safe " we up and i make my way over to the office glancing up to notice the flickering the murder ghost forest . another day without being by a tree . score . i want it to be noted that you should read that last part like . but wow now that i think about it theirs a sentence i never thought id say . " hey ma the ' t kill me tonight ' t you ? " why but this thought me laugh . i ' d laugh more if death by ' t a serious possibility however . i walk into the office and take a seat waiting . it ' t be much longer before and that thought me . the thought of not being alone right now me feel less put offish by the stranger morse code to send me . also being able to talk to her about what exactly to the previous guard as well as what my promotion for me is also something i felt good about . after a few i hear the door to the office opening . i look up to see wearing a half smile and holding two with her name on one and mine on another . awesome . " hey mark " she as she me my coffee . " hey how goes it ? " i ask from my drink . its hot and bitter as coffee should be . though i do appreciate the slight sweetness my tongue is met with . she from her own drink as she " oh you know " she " another night ! glad to see the ' t get you " her face on a more serious look as she that part even though she it as a joke . " me too " its time for me to get more serious as well i think as i start to pull the badge from my pocket " so . . you ' re new rank is c . " this me . d all the way to c ? thats quite a leap . taken me over a year to get d and id like to think that was mostly due to my hard work and reliability . this me off guard enough that i forget about the badge in my pocket for a moment . she . " the here are a lot more than just dedication to the company and time spent with us . you see the d as we lovingly call them are kept out of the loop in a manner of speaking . d rank are the everyday we have working for us who don ' t know anything of our purpose . you see the security aspect of our company is more or less a front to keep people from growing too suspicious . " suspicious of what ? i think to myself as she . " sure that also in a lot of the money we use to keep running . and maybe thats a large part of what we do . but as far as i can tell our real purpose is to hunt down observe understand and contain anomalous and . when at all possible we also remove and relocate any catalyst . the rank two dedication time and importance to the company and how much you know about the true . as you ' re aware to be a field manager a rank of c or greater . lower ? i ' m not sure why the lower the number the higher your tier in your specific rank . but regardless this essentially that you ' re " in " on the secret and in short still with us " i look at her badge and notice she ' s a c . i laugh to myself before i speak up . that her explosive personality quite well . " so wait everybody ever that seen at c rank or above of and most probably experience with what you are calling anomalous ? " she ' t look with my interruption but she my question anyway so . . ya know take that . " yes mark that ' s exactly what i ' m telling you if you ' d let me finish i was getting there " . maybe i should let her speak before she me . " of course " she " you ' t to become a field manager to move beyond c . the only that require you to mostly relocate would be . . well . rank b . of course as you ' seen b will occasionally still come out to work certain or . they ' re many they may do this which could be as simple as they want to either because they like a site or because they want to go to a certain concert . regardless if you see a b rank it ' s important to stay alert and aware . it ' s possible they expect a could cause a possible and severe anomaly . there ' s also supposed to be a specialized team of b who go out on particularly dangerous though i ' m unsure of the validity of such a statement . that could just be another part of the rumor mill at work . in most one must achieve rank c before being able to ascend to b rank though have apparently been made . lastly this rise in rank comes with a pay raise . it ' s important you understand that unless you become a field manager this remains as an hourly wage and not as a salary . you are currently an hour correct " i nod . then think oh gee thanks for all that information miss exposition . . i remember those being my exact because i slightly at my own inner stupid perplexed by my slight laugh but it and continued " this is now a dollar an hour pay rate with a dollar raise per rank increase . this is of course to further insure the likelihood you chose to remain with the company . any ? " i sit there in silence . i stare at her as i take in all that she ' s told me . that ' s quite a lot and honestly i would need time to stew over all that . but for now . . " yes in fact i do . but not about all that . " finally i pull the badge out and hand it to her . she at it and turns it around in her . she the and i notice her demeanor shift . she hurt . sad . " oh . . " she at last " where . . how did . . " " the cliff . " i tell her . " i saw it before i fell the other day . i spent the first couple of looking for it between . who was he ? " i ask " the other guard ? " she a bit clearly holding back she me . " his name was cole . he was a fine officer . he was a fine friend . we the company together actually . we were really close to say the least . it me when he . . when he went missing . i agreed to become the field manager for this site so i could prevent anything else like that from happening . we both got our c rank from . . well you know about the fire right ? yeah it ' t a normal incident it turns out . we both worked there when we were about your rank with the company before anything . i can ' t really . . i won ' t go into detail . i don ' t know if i ' m aloud but it ' s a really painful memory for me . the point is after that we c rank . we worked our way up but when he was rank and i was rank that ' s when he went missing . the story i told you is the official story told to all c rank folk . of course i ' t a field manager yet i convinced them after to give me the job . i had to keep an eye on this place . to keep anything like that from happening again . i ' m sorry it ' s just . it ' s hard to talk about . that ' s why i care so much mark . you remind me so much of him . i ' d hate to see anything happen to you . the engraving on the back is something we . . something we did together more or less it was a joke . . " what if this is all we find " i remember him saying . " we should do something so we ' d be able to tell it was us " she her badge and me her name engraved on the back . which ' t remember . i ' m still not tell you what it is . at the very least not yet . we finish our and i tell her she can keep the badge . she thanks me and we sat there for a while before it ' s time to go out and do my last patrol sweep of the night . i was just walk as i always do but she on coming with me which ya know . we were riding a golf cart i suppose . we walk out of the office and towards where we keep the golf charging . as we do so i see something . at first i can ' t really make it out but eventually it to me what i ' m looking at . there ' s a man . he ' s standing in the wearing one of those brimmed and a dark colored . i mean way ta go buddy . what a way to be stereotypical as . but wait . what the ? who the heck is this guy . i stop and . she my gaze towards the gentleman . . or lady i ' t tell at the time . i mean i can tell you now it was a guy and his get up was just him being a dick . but at the time we ' t tell and we were a hundred percent out . he we ' d spotted him and he tipped his hat before through some nearby and out of sight . we decided to give chase but before long it was clear we had lost him " what the was that " " you seen anything like that before ? " well no . i mean not outside of . just your typical murder and from the tonight . . . wait " i mean no . i ' seen a few homeless and a handful of in these but i ' never run into a sherlock before . i think ever " i pace back to the golf and start one up . before i do there " s an envelope sitting on the seat of the golf cart . it ' s as m . i don ' t have much time to ponder this before she it up and it . it ' t take her long . she down and then up at me a puzzled expression painted across her . she it to me without speaking and i too read it . it simply " mark we need to talk b . " oh well . not only do the know my name so too apparently does sherlock in the . i promptly take the time to think back to determine that i don ' t have a damn clue in the who b might be . is it a b rank individual ? maybe one of those spec b team she . that could make sense . but then again they ' t be all sneaky and weird about it would they ? i don ' t know do any of you reading this have any idea what b could stand for ? because i sure as hell ' t . anyway i just something outside my building so i need to go check on that . probably those damn again making a mess everywhere . i really don ' t have time for that crap . but still do make ? for now . . this is officer i t understand why the charge nurse gave me such a strange look when i said i was going into room to take a nap on my break . it t unusual for us to occasionally roll a stretcher in to one of the to sleep for an hour or so during break on a night shift . we work straight and just take one long break in the middle so we can actually get a decent nap in . i guess . . if you want to she said her brow . oh ! he s new . he t know about it another nurse said cryptically . the charge nurse turned and at her ha ! you re right ! i guess nobody s told you yet she said turning back to me . what ? what s the deal with room ? now i was curious . it was the only room on the floor we had available everybody else was already sound asleep in their assigned sleeping conference storage you name it we d roll a stretcher in there and nap our brains out . well everybody who works here it s said . i thought she was obviously . serious people don t believe in . people like who was as sensible as they come definitely t believe in . seriously i . i t believe in at all . i knew everything that people had some rational explanation . i had seen a documentary about it once it was fascinating how people came up with in their and would remember them later and elaborate on them making them more fantastic like to make them seem more exciting . all a bunch of pathological like the people who claim to be by or so i thought . you believe in that stuff ? they both at each other sending psychic back and forth . i had only been working there for a bit so i t that particular talent yet . also i t know the one thing all new should know listen to the people who have been doing it longer than you . they almost always know better than you do . especially when you re really new which i was . i mean if you don t believe us you can give it a shot . . ! no ! seriously that s not . the voice in the corner in liang a guy who had also worked there for a while . you really should not sleep in there . it s not good place to sleep . i usually liang so i was a bit disappointed he was joining in on this apparent prank on the to the floor . maybe they just to sleep in there themselves so they were just me out i thought . i get it i m the new guy . but seriously i think i be . i m really not worried . liang tried again to convince me but i him off thinking he was taking the joke too far . and had given up and were sitting there silently waiting to see what would happen . i self consciously and went to the clean supply room to grab some and brought them into the room . it was a semi private room with two . they were both clean so i figured i would just change the when i was done and forget about the room to pull in a stretcher this would be easier and i was dead tired . i turned off the and lay down in the bed to the door . the room was silent and dark . i let my mind drift off to sleep . i had a terrible dream . i dreamt that someone was standing over me watching me sleep . i knew exactly where i was and felt awake but really i was still asleep . i tried to lift my arms but found they t move . i felt and filled with dread as i tried to look up but t . i could only see a dark vague outline of something large and malevolent . i the thing speaking angrily and it to shout but i t understand its . my heart to race as i this thing me out ! i tried to stand up but found i t . i to panic and thrash about in the bed finally mercifully waking up . i i had been asleep and had dreamt the whole thing . the whole thing had been a product of my mind . but why then did i still feel such panic and utter dread ? it felt as if i could die at any moment . the room was silent and dark for a few more . then i someone clear their throat next to me in the pitch black room . i felt a chill run down my spine and spread across my entire body . the curtain beside me had been across while i was asleep separating me from the bed next to me . i to believe it was another nurse that had come in and closed the curtain so they could sleep in the other bed but i knew that t it . i could already tell something was wrong . i had to see . i out my flashlight and beside me . nothing at first and then . . i saw a hand gnarled and bleeding green and black and rotten pull back the curtain from beside me . the face that back at me from the second bed was not human . it was something evil something which had gotten in here which was not supposed to be here at all . it was an abomination a terrible wrong thing in a place that should be meant for peace and healing . i so loud i woke up the entire floor of sleeping . i ran from the room falling over and bruising my hip badly in the process getting up in the laundry bin near the doorway . i fled and left the hospital entirely . i never gone back . i can t bear to be in the same building with that thing . now that i know it s there i can never be in that hospital again . i could certainly never be a patient there . the would always tell us they had trouble sleeping in that room . i would call up the doctor and ask for some or some maybe a if it came down to it . but now i understand the real reason why no one could ever sleep in room . huge storm swept through my town two ago . wind tore siding from lightning apart the power and the rain washed out all the leading into and out of our mountain town . we all down and for it to stop but pretty soon to go missing . we re out of power out of food and nearly out of medical . it s been two and it s still . i out through the window at the of water that were somehow still pouring down before turning back into the living room . luna knelt down next to a couch s forehead with a cool rag . the young girl had been injured when this eternal storm had blown a tree on her family s home . i knelt down beside luna watching s face . she was sleeping thankfully . the poor girl s leg was infected . she d spent most of the past twelve in a feverish haze . luna out and my hand . i it not knowing what to say . my stomach with hunger . . stuck her head into the living room . luna come with me . luna shot a look at me her expression grim . her long hair was into a that was still dripping water from when we d gone out that day . we were both eighteen far too young to be to know what to do in a situation like this . we luna s to the kitchen where my father and . and . stood at the counter . t have much time . said . but with the washed out driving is off the table . she rubbed her forehead her face bearing the same grim expression i d seen on luna . it take a day or two to reach the nearest town on foot but i don t see another option . we d need food i said . none of us have eaten a full meal in days . if we re be through the we need energy . and i will search for food luna said in a firm tone . you need to stay here and look after . thunder cracked and rolled outside . none of us we d all grown accustomed to it by now . . her on the surface of the table staring at her daughter with a mix of exasperation and thoughtfulness . fine she said . don t stray too far from the house . luna . we left the conversation at the kitchen and to her room to prepare our clothes for the trip . so where are we going ? luna me sticking an arm through her rain jacket . there s a trailer park a mile down avenue i said . i d guess that the people living there probably left to search for better shelter . what i t tell her was that my family had lived there until i was ten . luna already knew i was white trash but i still found myself trying to hide of my family s background . her was a doctor after all . we basically came from different . i on my worn rain jacket and laced up my boots . they d do almost nothing against the amount of rain that we were going to be walking through but i figured i was fighting off the wind more than the rain . it was bitter cold out there especially once you were soaking wet . when we d our we to the front door . stepping out into the rain was like getting blasted in the face by a fire hose . the wind whipped each raindrop against any exposed skin like miniature . the roar of the wind and crackling thunder made conversation all but impossible . i out and luna s hand in part to keep from getting in the darkness in part because something about being out in the wind and rain was flooding the animal part of my brain with adrenaline and in part because i was pretty sure i was in love with her . we the trailer park a little after though it was dark enough out that i d have you if you d told me it was closer to midnight . we searching the one by one . someone had already through the park most of the had broken front and all were empty . i cursed under my breath . if we t get food there was no way we d make it on a day journey out of town . i was so hungry that it was giving me nausea . i sat down hard on the leading to a trailer . luna watched me though it was hard to read her expression through the darkness rain and hood of her rain jacket . she out and me to my then pointed off in the distance . a run down house the lot next to the trailer park . it me of my own house in a way . a few out in the tall grass of the front lawn . luna pointed to it again shouting something that was lost in the rain and wind . i and we both set off towards it . i the ground myself to feel hope when i t spot any in the mud . maybe we d actually find some food in this guy s place . after shouting uselessly at the house from the front yard we closer . there was almost no chance that the guy was actually going to be able to hear us over the downpour . i ran up the front and on the front door . when i once again no response i tried the handle . the door swung open revealing a dark empty house . hello ? i out taking a few cautious inside . when i no response i luna up to join me . we into the kitchen and open the . there high up on a shelf were several of food . ravioli chili even a few of baked . i let out a gasp of happiness a spoon from a drawer and dug into the can of ravioli . after a few i it to luna who finished the rest . we took turns scraping the inside of the can with the spoon until it was clean . i eaten some delicious food in my life fresh salmon venison my s spaghetti with white sauce but nothing and i mean nothing ever been half as tasty as that cold can of ravioli i with luna . we got to our and stuffed the rest of the into my . i turned to look at luna fighting back a bark of laughter that was bubbling out of me . luna was clearly fighting back a grin too . you got some sauce i said pointing to the corner of her mouth . how embarrassing she said licking it away . i m never be able to . . . she off looking out towards the front of the house . i turned to follow her gaze . the still open front door gave a view of a few of the out . a black figure stood in the front yard half by the falling rain . what in the i said . luna cut me off with a hand on my shoulder . we crept closer to the front door . the figure was thin and tall nearly seven by the height of a nearby truck chassis . it was all black and were those on the of its ? two additional black from behind a nearby car . i can t explain exactly what it was but something about them was every flight or fight instinct in my brain . i backed away accidentally something with my elbow . the now empty can of ravioli fell off the counter and hit the ground with a clatter . i down at it in horror only moving when luna my hand . we ran down the hallway towards a bedroom . luna slid open a closet and me inside before running to a nearby window and sliding it open . then she returned to the closet and in beside me before sliding the door shut on us . why did you luna put her finger over her mouth . the rain which had already been coming down hard suddenly picked up and deafening . thunder crackled and over the house constantly . it was as if the storm itself knew we were inside the house . we sat in the darkness watching the of light from the bedroom . when one of the dark the bedroom it took everything i had to not scream and run . i bit the inside of my cheek watched and . the black figure made a guttural clack sound . another black figure him then they left the room behind . the storm down to its usual patter soon after but we stayed in the closet for at least another hour . when i finally open the closet door it was to a truly house . the wind and rain had soaked the inside of the man s bedroom . luna and i at each other for a moment then she me . i her tight trying to calm us both as i her small frame shaking . we stayed locked like that for a few . that was smart opening the window i said . made them think we ran off that way . when we eventually i turned to look at the ground where the black figure had been standing . interesting i myself say . what s interesting ? luna rubbing at her face . the storm up while those were nearby . i wonder if they re related . luna watched me with dark . sense i suppose . she shook her head . we can think about it later . we need to get back to my . yeah i said my . we set off again through the rain . the first few without incident but then the rain to pick up . it harder the wind faster and the thunder cracked the sky more often . i luna s hand and running down the road . the storm continued to get worse . my body flooded with adrenaline . i kept looking around trying to spot the black . instead i saw a church building nearby with what like impossibly a light . i turned and ran towards the light as the storm continued to get worse . i half to get hooked by a tall thin figure at any moment . i kept running the only thing visible was the light from the inside of the church . we finally made it . we were standing in front of the church and two men holding . please i said . they re right behind us . the two men at each other then for us to enter the doorway . somehow impossibly the inside of the church was lit by emergency lighting . we several school that had been converted into sleeping quarters . the two men led us to a man in his early . bishop one of the men said . we found these two outside . and you both left your door unguarded ? he . go back . the guard and back the way we d come . the man he d bishop us over his face softening slightly . who are you two ? i m luna she said . this is . . . . my brother . there there was something chasing us outside . i t sure why she was lying about being my sister but stayed silent . i d long since figured out that luna generally knew what she was doing . bishop s face . he over a man and whispered something into his ear before looking back at us . we seen them too . if they re still nearby you have to spend the night with us . he over a dark haired woman . honey can you show these two a spot to sleep ? the woman and for us to follow her . she led us to an interior basketball court where to my shock nearly a hundred people had set up sleeping and air . the woman led us to a spot on the ground . we re out of and air she said . you can find plenty of along the back wall though . i the woman and left to grab an armful of . luna took them from me and them into a makeshift bed . i stripped of my wet raincoat boots and before lying down on the pile of beside her . we quietly for a few about small as the adrenaline slowly faded from my body . the sudden change in tone from fear and tension to safety peace and security was giving me whiplash . the only thing that kept it from feeling like a dream was the constant patter of rain on the roof overhead and the occasional crack of thunder that shook the building . quiet time a man s voice . the in the room switched off . what are you thinking ? i . i m thinking that these people have on all the at all times luna said . and i m thinking that we left my without any protection . that s a problem for tomorrow i said . the sun come out tomorrow bet your bottom dollar there be sun luna gave a groan . that s the thing . i haven t seen the sun in . tomorrow i said her tight . tomorrow . more r have never been much of a photographer . i never really took to commemorate . i have always been more of a storyteller if i had a choice . however this with the mandatory addition to daily life that is the . i a very popular photo social media and to on a steady basis . photography had been my mother ' s preferred art form and i had and of her and undeveloped film . i would take of ruined . i would take of street art . i would take of i found dead in their . occasionally i would stumble across . car . in abandoned . that can only be as evidence of . these of i only posted rarely . i had been for over a year and had begun with poetry to go along with my . i had a small following but i was doing it for myself more than anything . it was the beginning of summer when i seeing the blood . i left one morning and i there was dried blood on the glass of the sides of the bus stop . it was a small spray of blood . i knew enough to recognize it as spray . whatever act that blood had pressure behind it . it ' t much but i it . i took a picture of it while waiting for the bus to pull up . i posted a picture on my way to work that day but it was not of the blood . i did take some time to stare at the photo though . that night went to catch the bus home i found a pool of blood near the bus stop that was not there when i got off that morning . as if someone with a bleeding hand had stood over it and . i took a picture of it and around the empty street . i could hear in the distance but there ' t anyone nearby . when the bus up and i got on and headed to the back . after sitting down i small of blood all over the window . as if someone had blood all over it . i took a picture . i spit on the window and try to wipe it off but it is dried on the window from the outside . after that night i just kept finding blood . i found bloody on . on the bus and train would be covered in it . i see a woman sneeze blood at work and leave a mist on the wall . i took of it all but still ' t a single image of any of it . at this point i was i was going crazy . i trouble sleeping but that ' t all that much of a problem as i would find normal to photograph along with the blood during the i would take in an effort to tire myself out . except for the blood that summer was actually going really well . i had a group of i was hanging with on a regular basis and i was getting some recognition from some of the local street whose work i had . it that i was the only one seeing blood everywhere and it best to keep it to myself . i ' t sleep one night so i decided to pull out some of my mother ' s . it had been since i had actually at any of her . she took all the time of all of our family . of me . of my late father . of my and that i don ' t talk to and the extended family that i don ' t talk to either . there were of from and birthday and daytime road . most of them ' t even in but were thrown together in . of smiling . of a happy family . of what we once knew as home . i had bought and to organize them but gave up on that . looking through those i to notice something . random of unusual would pop up here and there . of sun bleached animal . of solemn that bordered on brooding . of my dog lying in a hole waiting to be buried after being hit by a car when i was . one picture really stood out . a picture of my little sister she had to be around old . she was sitting on the ground in front of our house her face was locked in a scream . streaming down her face . her hand was around her knee which was scraped open . her bike was on the sidewalk beside her . the blood was vivid even through the visible age of the photo . i remember how sweetly my mother would ask us to smile . i tell myself that my mother already had her camera with her . i tell myself she ' t run to get it while my sister . i to sort through the and i to separate the i found odd from our family . finding a box of i decided to take a few out . all of the were normal on each strip except for one . one picture on each strip was an odd photo . when i find a picture of a pool of blood i make myself stop going through the . one night i can ' t sleep and i decided to start the of the blood from my phone . the next time i see blood i don ' t take a picture of it . when i get time i start to separate the dark from the family in the of my mother ' s . the summer to wind down and i start seeing less and less blood . by i don ' t see it anywhere at all . the fall without much incident and winter the same way . i had made great progress the but to get more . i was down to and had even begun to make photo for the family i ' t actually spoken to in . it was about a week before when i get a call from my little sister the same sister from the scrape photograph . i ' m she even my number . she that she received a letter from the psychiatric hospital where our mother spent the last of her life . i tell myself that it ' s only coincidence that i ' m the child to where the hospital is when my sister me to pick up what had been found after all these . even in her final days my mother kept a camera at her side . a request because it kept her calm and made her an easier patient to deal with . a request because my mother so sweet when she would ask you to smile for her . a request because there was no actual film in the camera and it treatment . were being done at the facility and a number of had been discovered that had to deceased that had not been properly or . a box of had been found with my mother ' s name on it . xb so i ' got a new dog . simple right ? for those dog people out there it probably like a good thing right ? i ' d have agreed ago . i ' almost always had dogs . for the time spent in the military where were often and ' t allow for a pet . i ' had pure and both have their and . still like i said mostly i ' had a dog or dogs through out my or so . i don ' t hate don ' t get me wrong . too many as a about a soul sucking cat stalking me however made me not want one in the house . . . . . . . nope not going there . anyway so i was driving through and about a man made place fly geyser at least i think that ' s what its . never remember it . lovely place though its blocked off to . i to get through a fence and sneak a peak . there are several and the water from clear to vibrant blues and . not sure how it was made or why its not open to the public . liability probably . i spent a good or so just out the place and . as i was making my way back to my i and my knee pretty good . hit a rock or something just right left me with a limp sore knee and a inch gash on my leg . still i ' had worse so ' t to concerned . what was concerning was the fact that after i to bypass the fence and was on my way back to my rig i to feel like i was being . now i don ' t scare easy been through to much and know most times its best to face head on . so when i to feel the on my arms and back of the neck stand up i instinctively to turn . that ' s when i the low growl . now like i ' said i ' dogs most my life i know what a growl like . this was more . . . . something . i stopped mid turn and was frozen in fear . everything in me told me that if i turn around i ' d be dead . i also felt that if i ran i ' d be dead as well . silly right ? feeling like you cant run and cant look that is not something i ' d ever want to feel again . frozen and unable to decide what to do i a shadow . it was definitely a canine of some type . most likely a dog i thought . by the size of the shadow i did not think it was a coyote way to big . possible a wolf but at the time i ' t sure if there were in . i figured what ever it was was drawn by the small amount of blood from my gash . i my bowie from it ' s sheath if this thing a piece of me at least i had some protection . still i could not bring myself to turn and face it . there was something deep and primal telling me to just start walking and not look back . so that ' s what i did . i ' t run just slow and steady . all the while i could feel it following me . i could hear its panting and soft padding behind me . it paced me not getting closer but not falling behind . it took me of mind numbing tension to make it back to my . as i got to the door i in the side mirror to see of i could catch a glimpse of what was behind me . all i caught was a blur of pitch black fur as it went behind my rig and . the sense of death and foreboding leaving when it did . slowly i let out a breath and got into my i was done with this place and whatever that thing had been . . . . . i thought . after i down and got a bandage for my leg i drove to . trying my best to forget the whole thing . the drive was nice and after a bit i even at myself . i had like a fool i thought . myself and my imagination run wild . once i hit i decided to do a bit of gambling maybe garb a meal at one of the local . one of the nice about most in is that they have to park . some even have hook for power and water . they do make you park in the sticks but hey a free place to crash for a day or two ' t a bad thing . it was getting towards evening so i decided to march my happy ass into the casino and spend a few at one of my favorite and then head to dinner . several later i was walking back to my rig when i felt it . the same dread and fear once again washed over me . the once again stand at attention and the same sense of never turn around never run crawling through my head . i almost ' t listen . i was torn between turning and facing it and running for all i was worth . i think if my knee ' t still hurt i would have . as it was i just calmly back to my . like before it to leave as i was getting into my home . i tried to catch a glimpse in the mirror but this time i got nothing . a week later and i was passing through the dog me most nights when i was alone . i knew it was a dog now i had caught a good look at its reflection at this point . a big black thing . i mean big ! ! take the biggest mastiff out there and had half another one and it might match the size of this thing short black hair that to suck in the light . coal black that seem to shine most times like the red eye of an animal you get when you try to take their picture . this thing was something out of a nightmare and for whatever reason it to pick me out with . it ' t seem hostile . . . . well to me at least . still i knew i could never turn and face it never run from it or that would change . funny thing is that after a week of fear and terror that part of it to lose its hold on me . so as i was saying i was passing through i decided to boon dock in one of the many . now i know some of you are thinking f ? why would i do something like that when i ' m obviously being stalked by some demon or by some ghost . what could possibly make me think that any of this was a good idea ? truthfully i don ' t have an answer for you . i ' seen death in may you don ' t live the life i ' had and not see it . i ' been to war done i ' m both of and not . plus getting on in so the fear of death that was so prevalent in my youth faded into a something of a comfort . or at least a wondering of whats next if anything . sorry keep getting . so after i had found a suitable place to park i decided to wander through the and see if i could find any game to follow . after an hour or so i to notice an acrid smell . the and vegetation to look stunted and sickly . up a head i saw a small clearing and small not so well put together shack like building . curious i closer that ' s when i behind me . yeah at this point i the dog . figured it was less scary with a name besides if he i ' d figure i know real quick . then maybe not know anything again . . . . ever . so growling but it ' t seem like he was growling at me . i stopped just inside the clearing when he to growl . the place of and rot . most of the were dead and black around the shack and what little that were still alive blighted . that ' s when i the sound of a shotgun rack . a skinny sallow skinned man came around the shack . the reek of bad and unwashed hit me harder as he the shotgun my way and slowly towards me . i ' d found some cooking shack for i and this man was going to make sure i ' t tell anyone . that would have been the end of me . should have been the end of me . . . . but just as he was about to pull the trigger i saw his muddy brown shift behind me . that was all it took that ' s when i knew . looking at directly was nothing but a death sentence . i felt him rush past me from behind the deafening sound of the shotgun go off as i turned away from what was going to happen . the pained growl from the dog and then the and of flesh ripping and being crushed . it took every bit of i had to not look to not run . oh how i to . the of screaming and breaking along with the of a vicious animal no longer then or . then there was a soft sound and briefly i felt something warm and wet lick my hand . i really don ' t remember leaving the clearing or most of the walk back . i do remember getting back into my rig and driving straight through to other of the country . its been another week . . . . so i ' got a new dog it . one that will protect me and keep me safe . as long as i never look at him directly and never run . . . i ' decided to for go visiting any family for the foreseeable future . that way . at the time when this incident took place my brother had just his graduation and was looking for a job preferably a government job . but with the current state of and intermittent nature of the public service he knew that it would take him at least a year to get the job he . this added with the financial crunch our family was going through at that time made my brother desperate to earn some quick money . but as luck would have it he ' t find any job that was paying enough to support himself let alone to support our family . it was at this time when he was about to lose hope and accept a low scale job with a meagre salary that an opportunity came to him out of the blue . my brother ' s former tutor who my brother a lot and was aware of our financial my brother to the family of one of his . the student a tutor for his based and his tutor if he knew anyone good . all my brother to do was to meet the family and give a nice impression . in addition to this the family lived close by so my brother ' t want to lose this opportunity . . luck to be on my brother ' s side as he got the job almost immediately . the family very nice and hearty especially the grandmother who was a retired bank manager and now lived lavishly on a hefty pension . the only problem was the himself . my brother had not seen such a spoiled brat before . arrogant horrid that around like he the place giving throwing and rudely with everyone . . apparently he had some sort of a life threatening phase up until he ' s old he was at that time as told by their family astrologer for which everybody felt hesitant scolding and him for his that maybe it will put his life in danger . and that took advantage of this hesitance to the . but for some reason the quite " normally " in front of my brother which maybe was one of the primary behind his quick selection . maybe it was because my brother is almost tall well built and muscular so people found him quite . anyways my brother teaching him the day after his selection . the remuneration was quite handsome so my brother gave it his best and tried not to have any against him . plus the controllable of that brat made his job pretty smooth . despite relatively less mischievously around my brother that ' s behavior around his family was the same if not more than before as if to compensate for his suppression around my brother . . all was going well for a month or two . the despite better ' t do his homework even once . when why he ' t do his homework he would give the same reply that he ' t like homework cause it ' s boring . this reply would be by a cocky smile which would piss my brother off but he ' t do anything to punish him as it was strictly forbidden by the family . . meanwhile the ' s demeanor degrading even further . now he found a new way to torture his family throwing and kicking away the food which he ' t like then his family and nagging for better food . he did this many times even when my brother was around my brother could see the anger pain and frustration reaching its limit in the of his . . like at any moment the bomb could explode and destroy everything . . but it ' t rather they took it surprisingly well and his every wish . to get strange from this point onwards . the next day when my brother went to their house for his usual he the usual carelessness arrogance and cockiness but he was to see that the was calm composed and silent . moreover he had done his complete homework for the first time in . seeing such a sudden and unexpected transformation made my brother curious . he the if he was sick but he ' t reply and just continued . during the entire class he ' t even speak once nor any of his usual behavior . furthermore he also ate his entire meal without any and nagging an oddity considering how he for so many . confused my brother his grandmother if something was wrong with him after the classes got over . she that he was given a special medicine " burnt water ' locally known as to keep him calm and turn down his naughtiness a bit . . she told my brother not to worry as it is perfectly safe and just a measure to keep his behavior under control . my brother was of this so medicine but ' t want to drag this topic any more so he agreed with her and for his leave . . as the days by the ' s behavior stranger and stranger . he completely stopped talking during his he even stopped looking up from his book during the entirety of his class . whenever about his health and well being he would just nod and continue writing his . another strange thing that my brother was that the stopped calling his grandmother " grandma " as he used to . now he her " ma ' am ' . and when his grandmother would tell him to do something he would immediately leave everything else he was working on at the time and get his grandmother ' s executed first . my brother now to feel really out . something was not right and he could feel it . . how ' s it possible for a cheerful mischievous and annoying year old to have such a dramatic change in mere ? was it really because of that special " " medicine ? what was it actually made up of ? these my brother ' s mind as he was coming back home . he to know the answer to these and he knew just the person to ask our grandmother lovingly who was some sort of an expert in ancient and home . if anyone would know what that " " medicine is it would be her . so upon reaching home he immediately and told her about his entire experience as well as the that were floating around in his mind . what he from her in return him . burnt water is not a medicine at all it ' s a type of black magic used to control somebody . chanting certain then blowing your finger and dipping them in water the water " burnt ' . . this water is deadly if used in excess but if it is used in proper it can reap magnificent in quick time . my brother never went back to that house again . he the grandmother and told her that he finally got the government job that he desired which him to move to another state and so he cannot teach the . it was a lie indeed it was but he felt it was necessary to protect himself . if she could poison her own flesh and blood what would stop her to someday poison him too ? have since that terrible incident . my brother now really had a government job for which he worked hard day and night . since the incident such a long time ago my brother had forgotten most of the but he still was careful not to come face to face or near any member of that family . . but fate had other it as he saw the grandmother and the shopping close to him in the mall one day . he immediately tried to cover his face to not give away his identity but from a distance he could see that the was again happy and cheerful as before . he was again nagging his grandmother to buy him something by her . my brother felt happy thinking that finally his grandmother had stopped giving him that " medicine ' . plus it been so that life threatening phase is also over therefore there ' s no need of that " medicine " . feeling relieved my brother tried to get past them discreetly when he something which all his . he the following conversation grandmother " when we get back home i wish to see you immediately complete all the that i before . ' " yes ma ' am ' . the first time i the cry for help outside it was almost one in the morning . picture this situation or perhaps relate it to a memory of your own . you ' re laying there in the dark of your room happily contented . nothing out of the ordinary . your window is open a nice breeze is blowing through . . . maybe you ' re feeling better from a really day or you ' just had sex with your partner or maybe it ' s none of those at all and you ' re just chilling out . it can be anything that normal to you . that was my situation the first time i her anyway perfectly normal . it was just another night . nothing felt like it was out of the ordinary . i certainly ' t anyway . in autumn of last year my wife and i had across town to somewhere i could easily access the motorway just in case i to for my job . we still living rural but despite that i mostly worked from home these days the road when we lived right in the hillside area of town felt so damn long . moving out to a slightly more accessible location whilst not leaving the town we home just felt . . . natural . and to be honest i felt like i was living the dream . i ' d married the love of my life landed a pretty good job that i ' t entirely loathe and could work from home too . . . and the apartment we ' d into had been fine . even now the apartment never given us any besides the heating which is often turned up way too high . that ' s why we had the window open in the first place even in a winter like this one . the landlord here is just some old guy larry who to himself . the only time he ever to us is for maintenance related and to invite us to his new year ' s party to see in . other than that it ' s usually just me and my wife and we ' re surrounded by a few other and apartment . that ' s about it . no other reason to come here unless you live here really . at night the is always quiet . i was a little worried about the horror some people to tell about when they move to a new home even if i knew this place well . would we have bad ? would we hear the constant roar of traffic closer to the motorway ? but . . . no . none of that . it really is so peaceful out here . we ' t living in the sticks but we ' t surrounded by the unfamiliar hustle and bustle of usual life . i was happy . life had just been . . . perfectly normal . and when the incident in question first when i first the call i actually ' t the one to hear it . my wife was . my felt than ever that night . i remember it so clearly . i ' d been working from home that day because of the snowfall which was always something that made me drowsy . couple that with the now cozy heating and i immediately felt my heavy set slack on the . whilst i up beneath the my wife was laying against me . i with my back against the pillow drifting in and out of a doze and she was reading something or other on a book i ' d bought her for her birthday . our television had been on the for a couple of now so we ' d just naturally away from it to do other . she ' d taken up reading and i ' d taken up . . . doing nothing . it was a pretty nice set up really . all i remember at first is that my sprung open when i felt her sit bolt upright in bed . ? i her curiously . what ' s the matter honey ? what the hell was that ? my wife with a look of abject horror on her face . she turned to look over her shoulder at our slightly ajar window as though it would provide and turned back to me aghast when it did not . blake . did you hear that just now ? hear what . . . ? help . . . we turned to look at each other in confusion . i . it ' t sound like it was coming from inside the apartment block . . . is someone . . . calling for help outside ? that same voice out again . the low energy emotionless cry that through the air . help . help me . ' t sound nearby my wife with a slight unease to her voice . i could tell from the way she was looking out of the window and into the dark night that she to go she to make sure this person was whoever they were . but . . . should we call the police ? it ' s not like we can go outside in this weather . . . i strained to listen . there were between each call . it was the sensation . nothing urgent enough for her to bother calling for help and yet she was calling for it over and over again . help . then a few would go by . and another help would come out of the mouth of whoever this was somewhere out there in the middle of the freezing cold night . i had to admit even i felt a little worried for them . . . . honestly i think it ' s probably just someone drunk and messing around . not even just us but the . they probably live around here and got drinking or something stupid like that . what if it ' t ? my wife tentatively and at the inside of her lip . or what if it is ? god blake . what if they " sweetheart even if we the police . . . first do you really want to get involved with that right now ? i said though i felt a little guilty about pitching it like that . and secondly we have no idea where they actually are . sure we could make an educated guess but it ' s not like we can go outside in this weather . it ' d be madness . my wife on at the window dejectedly worried and quietly . . . . i know . come on i said with a smile and her forehead as i stood up now a little more awake than i was before . forget about it for now . let ' s get some sleep . reluctantly my wife her book down on the bedside table and leaning up to switch off the desk ' s lamp . i stood up from beneath my warm place under the walking over to the window and just as i closed it shut for the night i it one last time . that distant emotionless cry for help . just who the hell was it ? no point in thinking about it now i internally to myself . as i back into bed and lay down on my side . . . i could still hear the . it got to a point where i to count the between . . . . . my body subconsciously up as i the the second mark . if it ' t so sloppily timed with the second number i ' d honestly think it was meticulously calculated . you ' re still awake ' t you ? my wife whispered in the darkness . . . . yeah . no thanks to outside . blake . . . what should we do ? it ' s not our problem i gruffly and the blanket over my shoulder as i lay facing the window . but she ' s making it our problem . she ' s making it the whole ' s problem . . . just let someone else deal with it for now i resignedly . i don ' t know what else we could even do . she ' s definitely too far away from us . i wonder how many other people are this exact same discussion along our street right now . i to myself . probably more than a few . i ' d imagine some of the are feeling their inner rising to the top . not me though . too sleepy . my wife as she rolled onto her back and i felt myself feeling more relieved as she did so . you ' re sweet . i ' m sleepy . then let ' s just put it out of our for now my wife agreed as the two of us the faint sound of another call outside and try to get some sleep . i . alright . night honey . night love . and as i lay feeling my a little from the darkness i felt myself drifting off . i only woke up once that night . it was around five in the morning . my wife was fast asleep at that point but i woke up to go pee . as i back from the bathroom i a yell from someone on the balcony upstairs shouting . shut up ! we ' re " to " sleep here ! shut the up ! i blinked . how sensitive of him . . wonder what ' s ! help ! help ! almost in rebuttal or cocky response the emotionless voice that little bit and now more frequently too . i rolled my . this was definitely someone just a stupid trick on the . i shook my head and went back to sleep . the following morning i awoke to the sound of knocking on the door . " . . . ? ah . . . is someone at the door . . . ? my wife groggily . ugh we again . what time is it ? i said through a languid yawn and out my . ten thirty . oh crap . . . i guess i ' d better do some work after i answer the door . shifting myself out of the warm coziness of the i my way to the door and slipped a jacket on over my before i to talk to whoever it was today . i kept an ear out nobody was yelling right now . considering the most annoying time for them to be doing it was night time after all . damn . one second i to the door and my hand on the cold chain lock i slipped it to one side and it to find the old face of my landlord standing there before me . oh . hey larry . hello blake . . . he with a slow drawl as usual . i saw his slowly look me up and down with a smirk that only the elderly could hold for that long . late night ? something like that . what ' s up ? larry his wrist over the itchy looking material of his mauve sweater and with a piece of loose material on the end of it . just to check if y ' all are a problem with your set too . like the signal ' s busted for a bunch of us out here in the sticks . i . we ' re not out in the sticks though really . sure if you call this town anything other than rural larry to himself throatily . you here closer for your job but i don ' t see how that ' s any easier for ya ! well . . . it the road a little easier when i have to make " em . nobody up the here so i can easily take the back if i need to get to the inner city i guess . true larry but even so . . . i take it you ' t come here to reprimand me about my life though . oh no no . sorry . it ' s a habit when you ' got . i felt a little touched that he thought of me like that in a way but i still him to get on with what he was trying to get off his chest . so . . . you said the television are busted ? yeah he . i the electric company about it as i ' had more than a few now . . . and they said that by extension a bunch of . . . oh what did he call " em . . . or ' keep the . they ' re ' " em on purpose from all the big for some reason . . larry and wearily . i ' m just " you know that it like ' be fixed with the by he continued . huh . . . two days from now then . alright . thanks for us know . it ' s been quite a while now . i appreciate that you ' t come " to me when it was actin " up for ya ! he . alright well i ' see ya . bye larry . he waved as he turned to walk back to his apartment directly across from ours and i closed the door behind me . the ? what a stupid way to waste time . i shook my head in disapproval and to walk towards the living room . for the rest of the day i worked pretty solidly . my wife was stuck by the snowstorm from her usual job as a bank teller so they ' d given their the week off . i can ' t tell you how glad i am about that now . and sure enough as we worked ate dinner and did so many other that us feel time rush by . . . help ! . . . that damn woman again . . . i now resting my head on my arm against the pillow . " oh just ignore her . " my wife . i ' t help but laugh . what ' s with that change of heart ? i thought you to go to the police ? yeah but . . . after what you said you last night coupled with this . . . she ' s clearly not in any danger if she ' s back at it again is she ? . . . good point . we ' d cracked a window open somewhere along the line just to alleviate the bedroom of the heating rising up from the as much as it was before . the wintry in with a biting chill quickly from the heat rising up and just like last night we were laying in the dark again . . . listening to this strange woman calling for help outside . help . . . help ! man when is someone shut her up ? it ' s so weird my wife continued leaning up with her hair against my shirt and looking curiously out of the window from our bed . you ' d think if she ' s doing it in a residential area like this someone would have gone out to talk to her by now . must be a reason they ' t . i bet nobody to get involved with whatever she ' s up to . . . . it ' s just weird that ' s all . i with contemplation as i thought over my wife ' s . it was true . . . we did live in a residential area . it ' t like we lived in a big city where crazy or were commonplace . why ' t someone gone out there to make her be quiet . . . ? something was beginning to feel a little . . . off about the whole thing . if she does it again tomorrow i declared that we were to discuss this again i ' m go and find her . please don ' t do that blake . you know trouble that way . yeah but it ' s " on my last nerve . i wish we could put on the for some background noise or something . my wife as she the a little more around her and shook her head . let ' s just close the window and go to sleep . at least larry said it ' be fixed by right ? . . . yeah i and she me on the cheek . oh alright . i ' just close the window . there you go . i knowing she was right even if she was just my already stated sentiment from the night before . i did as she the window and the and quickly off to sleep . the same thing again . i woke up at around five to go pee and once again as i down back from the bathroom . . . help ! she was still calling for help . still . what ' s her damn problem . . . ? i to myself angrily before getting back into bed . luckily for me it was easy to drown her out and ignore it . surely she ' d get tired of standing out in the blistering cold yelling that kind of thing anyway . and besides even if she ' t standing directly out in the snow and was hanging off of her balcony or window she ' d get eventually . right ? comforting myself into another sleep of knowing this ' t be forever i shook my head and back into the . the following day came and it went like clockwork . perfectly unremarkable perfectly content . i worked . my wife read some that she ' d had on her shelf just waiting to be cherry picked for reading at some point . and then the night came . that night . . . even if i ' t realize it at the time . . . everything was . i felt ashamed to admit it at the time but i was honestly getting kind of . . . well out by the constant for help . it felt jarring not knowing whether to rush out to go right to someone ' s aid . i mean we ' re all trained for that inside right ? we know that someone ' t usually just call for help loudly too without a good reason . i know that if i someone was genuinely in trouble i ' d want to rush to their side without a second thought . but this . . . her voice . . . it was just so . . . vacant . devoid of anything . and not once had she what the problem actually was . you ' d think that if you really help and nobody was coming you ' d start calling out what was troubling you . something like i ' broken my leg and i need an ambulance ! or i ' m lost and need to get home immediately ! . you know something like that . it ' s not like we had any portable to make that happen . you ' d need to go to a . so actually getting someone ' s attention for your problem . . . surely you ' d think to do that . which is why i ' t buy this from the start . at first it felt but as it went on it just more and more apparent that something was just plain wrong . . . and not in the way she ' d lead our to believe from her . you look tense tonight honey . . . my wife looking at me with a pair of curious blue . what ' s the matter ? i ' m just waiting for the idiot outside to start up again . i feel like i can ' t focus whilst i know she ' s start calling out . oh don ' t let whoever that is bother you . she ' get someone ' s attention eventually . and how right she was . the night . i ' t hear any for a while actually . i checked the time unconsciously aware that i was waiting for it by doing so . ten o ' clock . then eleven . and then twelve . when the clock struck one . . . help ! i knew it i said my in exasperation . it ' s always around now . my wife in frustration . " maybe we really should call the police . this is getting a little much now . i at the window folding my arms . . . before somehow actually hearing the suggestion of calling the police almost good . i felt so god damn stupid . . . . no it ' s alright . i ' m just being ridiculous . there ' s no way she ' t stop soon . my wife . yeah . . . you ' re right . guess we ' re all used to it now . and then as we continued to talk . . . i something . the for help . . . they ' d stopped . . . . huh . ? you hear that ? i looking at the window this time as though they ' d provide me with . there ' s no for ! someone anyone oh my god ! please help me ! she ' s coming ! my blood ran cold at the sudden guttural that were being from outside . my wife ' s face went pale . the two of us at the window and i now had no shame in that i was . that was definitely not the same scream that had been happening these last few days . that ' t the same tone . the emotion felt raw it felt like listening to someone screaming in horror with a blood chill . i felt a shiver rush down my spine . that does it i standing up from the bed and walking over quickly towards the door . i ' m calling the i was abruptly with the sound of the window being shut and the being drawn hastily . . . . huh ? ! we are not getting involved in that my wife indignantly though i could see the terror written all over her face . she was stiff . involved ? do you really think that was the same woman as before ? who ? we never actually her emotional . maybe she got that nobody was paying attention to her and decided to behave like a real chump by us all half to death ! i on wordlessly . my mouth felt dry . i felt a white anxiety in the pit of my stomach and my were already aching from how i ' t blinked whilst staring at the area of the window . something in my gut was telling me this ' t the same woman . something terrible was happening outside . but what if no ! my wife firmly stated and i knew when she took that tone i ' t argue with her . that ' s . . . that ' s enough blake . it ' s someone else ' s problem now . she ' s for help too many times ! who would believe her now just because she turned it up a notch ? i down the dry lump in my throat . she was right . . . i mean i ' t know this woman at all . maybe this really was her way of attention seeking . . . and for sure now someone would deal with her . we ' t listen to this all night . alright i agreed . i think you ' re right . let ' s just . . . ignore it . my wife and even though she went back to her book i could tell that she was feeling a horrible unshakable sense of unease . we . i could tell we were both waiting . i don ' t know about my wife and i ' t believe i felt this way but . . . i was almost for more . anything that told me that she was still alive that whoever outside screaming ' t for real . i knew there was nothing i could do besides call the but even then the snow was so thick and heavy outside that it would make it impossible to do anything quickly anyway . i my closed and my wife her hand on my own . it ' be she said gently and i felt a little sheepish that she was the one now comforting me as opposed to the other way round . you ' see . i . yeah . . . at least the ' s " fixed tomorrow . thank god for that my wife said with relief and i . i ' be able to watch all those corny you love so much again . i felt my terror easing with talk of normalcy . . . and as we to talk ourselves down from the sudden horror adrenaline rush . . . i to feel more relieved than apprehensive at the realization that there were no more going on outside . i over at the clock after about an hour had and saw that it was already pushing two thirty in the morning . i out my as i lay beneath the and lay myself down a little further . . . . i guess we should get some sleep i resignedly said . my wife running a hand through her hair and as she more down into the pillow too . yeah . . . she . i ' m so glad you ' re safe with me blake . i her hand as it rest on my chest . and me for you too sweetheart . she at me warmly even in the dim lighting of our lamp and up to me beneath the . let ' s have a rest then . and with those the silence of the falling snow outside i off to sleep thinking of just what of silly television i ' d get to re introduce myself to tomorrow . . . . ah ? more knocking at the door . . . my wife was still fast asleep this time . i on the clock next to the bed it said it was around nine in the morning . heaving myself up i across the soft carpet of our apartment and the door to find the landlord ' s elderly unassuming face looking back at me . hey larry . ' blake he with his usual drawl and this time wrung his together beneath the itchy looking material of his blue sweater . just to let y ' know that the will be " on again at around five they said . that ' s great . thanks . no problem . have a good one . i as he to walk off and closed the door behind me . i a familiar yawn coming from the bedroom as i returned . . . . who was that ? my wife her arms over her head . larry again ? yeah he said the should be fixed by five . oh awesome ! i can ' t wait to see the stuff we ' been missing . and so spurred on by the idea of our usual entertainment reaching us once again very soon we worked and read throughout the day . i always did find the sensation of looking forward to something quite bittersweet because time often dragged along with it . you knew it was coming and you knew that it was something you were going to enjoy but man getting there was a slog . working to take forever today and i could already tell my wife was thoroughly disinterested in her novel . sure like she was going to take up the more than i can read challenge all over again and me too right alongside her . the most exciting thing that that day was the of several as they sped past our apartment going to who knew where . but eventually the clock struck five and my wife and i both at each other with excitement from across the living room . it ' s time ! she declared jubilantly leaping up from her seat at our small wooden dining table and at my sleeve excitedly . c ' mon let ' s see if it works ! i at her anticipation and off the remote . wow it ' s already dusty . poor thing . we ' been it ! i as i it down with a tissue and as i on the television screen i felt two . one i felt an immediate sense of delight at seeing a colorful picture back on my screen as opposed to just the grainy static of black and white . but that joy was momentary because the second thing i felt . . . you ' re watching news live . was an utter all horror right down to my . . . as i that the news was a live picture feed from very very close to our apartment . what . . . ? " my wife laughing nervously . " what the hell ? ' t that like two away ? i just . . . at the news in terror . there were canvas up in the snow and people walking around behind the news anchor . he to speak in front of the several flashing police car and when he his mouth . . . that was all i could hear . today at approximately eleven in the morning by of our rural town were to find actual human remains left in the snow outside of their apartment . the victim to be a young woman currently unidentifiable from the state the perpetrator left her in . similar to this week police at this time are saying that they believe it to be the work of the caller . currently they are anyone to phone in with any information they may have about the suspect . the police were to the scene at around eleven this morning when a local decided to brave the weather in order to buy some . it was just horrible the passer by said on the screen and i could see that she was visibly shaken . even in the weather she like she was sweating crying maybe and her red from the cold . it was . . . unlike anything i ' d ever seen . unlike anything anyone should ever see . the victim as before was a young woman seemingly in her early . police say that she is currently unable to actually be as her body been so badly that they can ' t get a positive id on just who she is . some of the include her being out or removed teeth and her also appear to have been removed with a blunt object of some kind . this certainly to be the work of the caller a gruff looking policeman said running two of his across either side of his mustache with a grim look on his face . if this is her doing then that it the second kill this week . we might have a serial killer on our . her ? my wife said with a tremble . the caller is a woman ? i was just . . . into silence . the newscaster continued . police are now to stay inside their after dark regardless of any urgency there may be to go outside . if you hear anyone on your street or nearby calling for help with seemingly no reason to be call the police immediately . the caller ' s voice is emotionless when crying for help the policeman continued . we ' re positive that it ' s a woman . you seem incredibly sure that the perpetrator is a woman this time . why is that ? the newscaster and the soft looking end of the microphone to the policeman ' s face . well over the last few we ' gotten several noise from several different of an unidentified woman calling for help loudly . we ' re urging all to not go near her if spotted find somewhere safe a good distance away and call the police . if she you there ' s no telling what she ' do . i sat down dizzily onto the sofa . my wife stood there with her over her face . the newscaster to finish off . currently the police have no on the identity of the caller herself but if you think you may have any information please call the number at the bottom of the screen . we ' be more on this story as soon as we have more on the case itself . this been of news . back to you in the studio . and with that . . . the news went back to the studio like nothing had ever . my wife and i . . . we must have been silent for almost an hour but it felt like a lifetime . no wonder we ' t about any of this . we ' t had any television . we ' t been able to go outside . we ' t had any sort of update on news in so long and we ' t even it . . . the caller . . . she was right on our doorstep . we were listening to the for help . . . from a serial killer in our . and that meant if she was emotionless . . . the person from last night . . . my wife trembling then they must have been don ' t i interrupted my wife with a shaky tone of voice and ran my hand across my pale sweaty face . please . . . don ' t say it . but she ' t have to . because i knew right away what she was going to say . i ' d almost the police . we all the victim running . not just us . all of us here in this apartment block . in the apartment block across the road . down the street . we all knew that whoever this girl was she was in trouble . but we ' d all become so to the idea of someone calling for help . . . that we felt so much more in turning away from it . and now whoever this poor young woman was . . . she was dead . no not just dead . . . tortured until she . the caller ' t call for anyone because she ' d already found someone to help her . to help her with her boredom . " oh my god . . . my wife whispered in a tearful tone of voice and all i could think of now as i sat here dizzy and feeling like i ' t know whether to feel ashamed or like i to puke . . . was that nothing in the world could help me forget about the caller . there are some people that say that they can hear the of the dead . . . some say they hear that are in their head . . . but for me . . . it was something that i had out of anger . . . out of despair and anguish . . . it was during my freshman year in high school i had just gotten into a fight with a bully of mine . . . he was the most bully i ever had . . . during lunch i had secret drew satanic on the palm of my out of anger . . . i then went into a bathroom where i can lock it and i chanting this incantation that somehow came into my head . . . almost as if . . . there was someone in there that was telling me the chant and i was them . . . i turned off the for a moment and saw the mirror in front of me . . . there was a little light coming from the door s small opening . . . but what i saw made me feel . . . happy . . . i saw this weird . . . creature . . . behind me . . . i at this demon entity and my towards the mirror . . . i turned on the and he was gone . . . i went back to my class after lunch and my bully decided to hurt me again . . . after he hurt me . . . i a spell i believe that would hurt both him and his dream . . . the next day he came to school with very leg and he was no longer able to play football . . . i his anguish and pain . . . until i had doing the same to my and to other s as well . . . it was now after my senior year that little satanic symbol i drew in my . . . too much . . . it s now after my graduation that i keep hearing this voice in my head wanting to hurt people that hurt me . . . and it s too much . . . in my . . . i see him . . . the demon that i out of anger and anguish . . . i tried everything holy from different . . . but nothing worked for me . . . and i still feel this dark energy right now . . . my body been aching lately . . . everything like it s on fire . . . he pushing me to doing terrible that i don t want to do . . . i . . . i m of myself for this new demon . . . and if i were to perish . . . this little demon i would end up hurting people that i live and cherish . . . my feel like it s being pricked my needles . . . my head like it s being crushed . . . my arms . . . my arms feel like they are being tied up so hard . . . just now in the dark . . . right now where i m currently writing this post . . . i saw the tall demon that s been causing me to feel angry . . . the demon that i out of anger . . . the demon causing me so much anger . . . i need to do something to help me relief the anger out without someone . . . i need to get this demon out of my body . . . i want my body back . . . this demon scratching my back when i don t listen to him . . . just the other day i saw a claw mark on my back . . . will i ever find something that will help me ? or will have to keep this demon inside me until i die and get buried under ? my occupation is basically to guide people through death . i make sure they leave this world with little to no pain i make sure they feel and happy . it is an absolute honor to me but it is emotionally taxing especially when you bond with . because of this sensitive subject matter and because i have much respect for my and their . i am not going to give . i will be and some . we will be calling my client " ruth " that being said you could imagine the energy in end of life care would be pretty high . . . i ' seen of paranormal . opening the call bell ringing from an un room seeing . . . i could go on . i work and most of the time i am by myself with sleeping . my job is to feed everyone and get them to bed . once everyone is asleep i do housekeeping . it was my first night by myself . i had just gotten done with my last . everyone was in and . i my cleaning routine i was doing some at the sink i out into the locked garden area . . . it was storming thunder and lightning rain the works . a flash of lightning struck and in the flash i saw something moving almost like a floating or hovering motion in the edge of the yard . and fast to the middle of the yard . like a young lady in a white gown long blonde hair parted down the middle she was dancing with a big smile on her face swinging her arms . i back a bit went to the door that outside . she was gone and i was very confused . i went back inside . checked on all my . poking my head into with the hair on the back of my neck on end . . . i the end of the hallway . . . i got a weird feeling in my gut i into " ruby ' s " room the room was lit up and the was on a static . she had . . . by her care plan i made all the necessary . i truly believe " ruth ' s " spirit was outside dancing . she was a hippy flower child type . . . she was in her late s back in the s so it sense to me . i think her soul into a happier state . . . i know that day she was telling me how she felt she had life and wished she did better . so i had a heart to heart with her told her that she ' s lived a full and beautiful life went into she had told me about the people in her life and the great she had seen and done with her life when i put her to sleep that night i told her i would be back to see her tomorrow . and she said " i love you baby take care " . . . i will always remember her . and i will always remember seeing her young and free . . . when i was little i used to garden with my . out in the sun we sat on our digging our and into the rich soil . we always wore ever since grandma had from systemic anaphylaxis due to a garden spider bite . we never got to say or see her body . it was easier to cremate her and not have to see her red swollen corpse . since then were a necessity while gardening because are often . sweat down my brow as i into my small blue bucket . i had collected ! i up gleefully to show my my new but when my met hers they were filled with fear . her face was a ghostly white her usually rosy and . mommy ? i following her line of sight . my heart stopped . she had taken off her to grab her water bottle and sitting on the back of her hand was a big fat blood red spider . i out to scoop the spider up into my still when my up her other hand for me to stop while she kept the spider hand steady . then suddenly as if to surprise the spider she the arachnid as hard and as fast as she could wincing on impact . after a few she turned to look at me and lovingly . don t worry honey she said leaning over to kiss my dirty forehead i got it before it got me . i her close burying my face in her chest but not before seeing her smile falter ever so slightly . i love you so much she whispered squeezing me as her voice cracked . later that night when my father came home i frantic whispering coming from the kitchen . around the corner i saw something that me more than any monster could my mother was crying . i had never seen her do that before . in fact i was sure that t even cry at all . but there she was . my dad her tightly a grave look on his face . should we go to the hospital ? he solemnly like he already knew her answer . no no no no ! don t you remember what they said about ? they had no clue what to her . why should it be any different for me ? she in between . i just i want to spend my last here with you . my dad slowly in response a tear rolling down his cheek . he resigned but we can t let him see . i my head back into my room . they were talking about me . what t they let me see ? led up the and into my bedroom . for a while i could hear their muffled laughing and crying together talking into the wee of the morning . i was about to fall asleep when i that the had suddenly stopped . then a door . it must have been their bathroom door . heavy male made their way down the and my door . it open and for a moment i could hear the shaky breath of my father . then he closed the door . i froze and my tearful shut to be asleep . it as a low groan that turned into a series of petrified of fear . i a fit of sneezing and then the noise stopped for a moment . that s when the screaming . i never forget the sound of my dying mother as some mysterious horrible fate her . eventually after about an hour and a half the down into pitiful before finally coming to an end . there was nothing left but silence . i shook under the crying until morning came . the smell of chocolate chip filled the house . i into the kitchen to see my dad expertly a flapjack without to use a spatula . he turned his head to look at me and i knew that something was incredibly wrong . his were rimmed with red and the dark under his might as well have been drawn with a purple sharpie . his hair was as if he had been running his through it . that was something he did when he was . hey . i made your favorite he said his voice breaking and his mind a thousand away . i never got the full explanation of what to my mother only that she was gone forever . according to the official report she as did my grandma of systemic anaphylaxis . now i may have been young but i was old enough to know that even severe t cause people to scream the way my mother did that night . over the i d simply brushed that night under the rug of my repressed . i grew and normally into what my mother would have to as a handsome young man despite the early loss of two maternal . i graduated with my associate s in mortuary science and i had become a rather successful funeral director by the time i was . i was feeling pretty good about myself especially since i had recently my first house . it was small and far from perfect but it was mine . on the anniversary of my mother s death several after the initial event i decided to honor her life by planting a small garden in my front yard . it would be a tribute to all of the good times we spent together before she was away from me . i made sure to wear my . in sweat and more than a little sunburnt i to undress for my shower . i my pants and underwear to the floor then my shirt . i was about to step out of the pile of sweaty clothes when i felt a sharp sting suddenly erupt on my right foot . ! i cursed my foot away . i down just in time to see the little scurry away and i . the red spider exactly like the one that had bitten my mother . but i had been so careful ! not careful enough i thought to myself . i to slow down my breathing enough to focus . what if i the allergy ? should i call an ambulance ? or could i make it to the hospital on my own ? what if i m ? i finally decided to take my shower and see if the bite to anything concerning . i stepped out of the shower making sure that the spider was nowhere near my and to towel off . suddenly i squinted my drew in a breath and let out a mighty sneeze . the snot from my upper lip with my towel i stood up and carried on my after shower routine . it was o clock when i felt that tickle in my nose again . ! i another roar of a sneeze that throughout the kitchen . i could still feel a tickle in there so being a man i a tissue and forcefully my snot rocket into the kitchen sink . my . what the ? i said aloud . staring back at me from the sink covered in mucus was a little red spider . this guy was smaller than the first but it was unmistakably a spider . i stepped back then jabbed a finger up my nostril to see if anything else was up there . i felt a tickle on my finger then a prick . when i it back out i a raised red bump with a two pronged puncture wound . my heart to pound . a lump of fear rose in my throat . no wait . that t fear . there was something moving inside my throat . i rushed to the bathroom hacking and trying to clear my . when i the bathroom mirror i took out my phone and turned on the flashlight pointing it down my throat . it was no good i t see anything at the angle i was at . so i had the bright idea to take a picture down my throat with the flash on . i wish i t . sticking up at the back of my mouth just behind my uvula was a writhing mass of from my throat . i tried to scream but that only made the writhe harder . finally i to expel a few with a heaving cough enough to scream . red across the bowl of my sink . i at the sight . i up at my reflection moving in closer to the mirror to examine my face . every single pore was with a blackhead . i had bad acne when i was a but i t experienced anything like this . the blackheads my skin to pulsate as if my were breathing . slowly to emerge from beneath my face skin crawling out of my and into my nose mouth and . i backward and for the shower curtain to support myself . my bite wounds to throb and the underneath my skin built up and up until the blistered and burst . there were of them and they just kept coming . i could hear them inside my ear . i felt like crying . i t . the moment i thought i felt to rise i that they were not at all . two giant red their long spindly up and out of my tear . my to bleed . the from the bite wounds over my body and i could feel all of their flitting over my skin frantically . in a last ditch effort to save myself i tore off my shirt to see my torso covered in of red . i felt a pressure build up in my chest then down . tiny black to squeeze their way out of the pinprick in my . i was like a madman when i felt the urge to urinate by the sensation of in my pants . oh my god . they were coming from everywhere everywhere . i know it is too late to call an ambulance and i know that they would never be able to explain this strange allergy that to afflict my family so i am writing this to you . the are out from under my onto the keyboard and i can feel more hatching inside me . my my skin my skeleton everything is covered in . i m sure that in a few i be reduced to nothing more than millions of in a suit of flesh that used to belong to a human being . just know that if you re gardening sometimes t enough to protect you and if you start sneezing after a bite well good luck my friend . you have to understand this t my fault . in fact none of what really was . sorry i m getting ahead of myself . now normally from what horror have told me when something generally unexplainable and or paranormal to someone it to have been by a fair amount of fiddling off trail exploring . however when piles of human teeth to quite literally hunt me and my brother down on eve a couple ago there really t any kind of immediate source to trace this back to . there were that after this point of course but i guess i should start with the initial oddity that sent the entire fabric of my life into a total disarray . and believe me i m not being overly dramatic . i was a junior in high school at the time and it was the week before winter break when the first tooth . now seeing as me and my family lived fairly deep within the city i usually just chose to keep my head down when faced with the somewhat jarring imagery that would accompany the alluring and neon of the urban area . i seen some weird from a rat all the way to a half finished sculpture of a human hand both within spitting distance of my family s apartment . however when i the first tooth shiny and small on the dirty pavement below it i had to stop walking and do a double take i d almost mistook it for a pearl . the thing was so white that it stood in stark contrast from the pale sludgy snow piled up on either side of the sidewalk surrounding it . regardless of the odd color i originally just shook it off as a city thing and kept walking the two back from my school to my family s apartment . there was bound to be a rational explanation for this molar . whatever the reason for this stray tooth s appearance was i remember thinking that the missing person in question must had great oral hygiene . i mean that had to be the tooth i had ever seen and believe me i seen quite a few . so i should mention that my dad is a dentist . and up until what on eve i honestly t think he had anything to do with the teeth . to provide some background he and my lived in a small resident type of town before i was born somewhere in the i think . my dad had been struggling to find a stable source of income in the dentistry field there so he and my to the city where he was eventually able to find it . before i was born my mother had always had trouble and with her health ailing due to a combination of overall poor genetics and a faulty immune system she and my father had decided to adopt while they still had the chance and the money from my dad s new lucrative city job to do it . enter my older brother . they had adopted him from a local private adoption agency when he was only a year old . this decision to adopt ultimately a tad bit unnecessary when less than a year later i was born . the said i was a miracle as my mother s womb t have been able to support a normal healthy baby . but there i was . so i was born a miracle . but despite this title being upon me from literally day one grew up to outshine me at nearly everything . i might been a miracle baby but he had been to graduate from high school early and was being admitted into via scholarship next fall . not to boast but my highest grade is a wavering b in chemistry . if i happen to sound jealous it s because i am . and trust me if you were in my you would be too . now that all of that background information is out of the way teeth i seen a lot of teeth . my dad would occasionally bring home some those dental x you know the that the dentist will always take of your teeth during your and show them to us . me and were both a bit out at how skeletal and macabre the human mouth would look when just the teeth were being . the skin surrounding the bone always to be tight in a way that to be and unraveled the pale boxy tooth to tumble out of their fleshy mushy gum . despite their initial creep factor those utterly me as a child . i snatching a glossy image from off of his desk when my father t looking and tracing the boxy rectangle pattern of the grainy blue photo teeth over and over again with my pointer finger . it was a hypnotic ritual my year old self t help but partake in . i nearly over a pile of loose asphalt as i that the warm nostalgia of this childhood memory was promptly by my father s sudden outburst of violent rage . he had into the living room and seen me rubbing my greasy all over his patient s x ray . which was what my had ended up telling me he was angry about later . it was hard not to remember him tearing the image out from under my so forcefully that i was almost sure i it rip . he had at me in such a way that had fat running down my and snot bubbling from my nose . i remember feeling very and thinking even at the young age of that i might die . his normally tan face was a bright red and his were wide and flashing with an emotion that i t quite pinpoint . i my brow in annoyance at the memory . i still don t think i ever seen him at me before not even when i his car last year to sneak back into the building at in the morning collage go hard . finally approaching the lobby of my apartment i underneath the outside canopy and the door to the entrance . i and a hello to the door man standing outside it and up the elevator i went all the way to the th floor . now this is when i promptly the second tooth . it was into the corner gently balanced upon its top . it was as if someone had carefully it there for me to find . it was bigger than the first one i thought . although the same unnatural shiny white pallor . now i may have a solid d in but i m not entirely an idiot one sparkly tooth in the same day is weird but two is downright freaky . i to get an unpleasant feeling in my chest the kind of feeling you get when your friend you a paranormal story that s supposedly true or when you hear about a murder that relatively close to where you live . you know what i m talking about . that feeling of primal buried fear that will gently whisper hey something bad might be coming after you until you re too afraid to speak or move or sleep . i like any good white horror movie protagonist decided to push down this feeling of inexplainable dread and focus on something else . i mean c mon i was probably just being overdramatic . maybe my dad had to bring home some or something from yesterday and i just t ? i decided that i would ask him when he got home from work and my anxiety was temporarily with this decision . i fixing my hair in the reflection of one of the mirror to further distract myself from my second definitely human tooth discovery that day . my toe headed and light eyed complexion however only in further souring my mood . even to this day people t truly able to tell which brother is adopted as i look so far apart from my real that i might as well be another person s . despite being and both our being white all three of them inexplicably share the same dark and hair . whereas the rest of my family is able to tan in the summer the instant the sun me i turn pinker than delight my mother s expression i too have no idea what it . i turned away from the mirror as the elevator to a halt at the th floor . my was getting heavy . i had of homework to try and fail to finish the thought of which legitimately made me groan out loud . as i stepped out of the elevator with the familiar sense of the familial outcast that i carried with me everywhere as well as the knowledge of my own lack of academic stamina i actually almost forgot about the teeth . then not three out of the elevator i and felt something sickeningly crunch below my right shoe . i remember feeling my stomach drop a little and my in that moment could roughly be into a and messy are you me . i myself and up the foot in question . i hastily back as low and behold there on the entrance of my family s penthouse apartment lie a third human tooth just as pale shiny and bleach colored as the other two had been . it to be a large molar with the still attached to its limp pale body . it had in a few where my shoe had made contact but other than that it was fine . it s white almost sparkling surface up at me from the beige floor below . at this point i had firmly decided that this was all my dad s doing . he had made the odd decision to bring home some from work a couple on the way back and just t . i clung to this explanation as tightly as possible although i think somewhere deep down i knew it was impossible . my dad never comes home for lunch and those teeth definitely t been there when i d left for school in the morning . i decided that my would be when my father back home in a couple of so i quickly snatched a paper towel and collected the of tooth from off of the carpet for all i knew it was medical waste and it on the kitchen counter . i headed towards my room haphazardly flung my into a corner and absentmindedly through movie on my as i laid down on my bed . everything would make sense as soon as my dad got home . my and were both probably somewhere in the apartment but i t think that they would offer me any so i chose not to bother them . eventually p . m . rolled around by the sound of the elevator my father s arrival . i out of bed not even to pause whatever i had been watching at the time . my dad was indeed home from work . he had laid his out on the kitchen table and before i could even utter out a hello he was already his gaze to the crumpled up paper towel on the edge of the counter . i quickly rushed over and tried to explain before he made any move to throw it out or sweep it aside . i it off with a half baked did you drop any teeth yesterday ? and immediately to clarify before i saw his face go . . . for lack of a better word dark . his the same as they did in my year old memory of him the x ray from out of my tiny and screaming at me . i instantly away from him . i t know how but i knew in that moment that i had done something wrong in him about the teeth . he at me up and down as if he were to locate a hidden cavity within one of his patient s . how many have you seen . he t phrase it like a question but rather as a flat sort of statement . three i out . in there is the third i pointed to the paper towel . he once like a soldier taking a command from a superior officer and promptly out of the apartment . he the lobby button within the elevator and then he was gone . his still lying upon the kitchen counter . i was . what the hell had just ? just then my into the kitchen from the direction of her bedroom instantly both my dad s abandoned and my own bewildered expression . ? what s going on ? she where s your father ? i to recount what had just leading up to my dad s sudden departure my quiet and still the entire time . her demeanor unnerved me she had never been able to hide her well and her brown were big and nervous looking . something was definitely going on here . i her what was happening but she simply with an unreassuring your dad just to deal with some work . i left it at that knowing that pushing any further would no doubt result in an argument . she me to help her out with dinner and i . at around back home . apparently he had been at some sort of orientation . my mother had a talk with him in the living room before we ate i t able to make out what they were saying but the mood at dinner was grim . we all ate at around . was quiet my was quiet my dad was god knew where . when my dad finally got back it was around in the morning . i know because i the elevator ding just outside my room me to quickly stop scribbling down nonsensical on my homework and listen . i could hear the slide open . his wet and he slightly as he . thinking he might been or something similar i my door and was one foot out when the shadowy silhouette my dad s head swiveled around to freeze me in my . go back to bed he and off to his and my s bedroom . i did as he said slowly retreating back into and the door to my bedroom . i sat there for a while with my back against the door . i was tired angry and more than a little bit . my family was something from me and i t quite sure that i to know what it was . the next few days in general conformity . no more strange teeth and to go back to normal or at least everybody pretended they did . my dad more and more tired large dark up underneath his and he t talk as much . my and tried to fill his silence with their but we could all tell it was forced . the day before winter break me and my friend were spending our period in the bathroom . he was taking great off of his whist i idly scrolled through my feed on . i was telling that was never going to let him take her to the spring formal when the topic of my appearance suddenly came up . i was messing with him calling him a basement dweller and whatnot when he told me to look in a mirror . i did just that turning around on the sink i was sitting on and staring at my reflection in the one still intact mirror . was right i really did look like a basement dweller . my normally pale skin now almost impossibly white bleached even . my mind instantly went to the shiny pearl like teeth i had seen scattered throughout my walk back home about a week ago . i instantly from my reflection as a vague horror that i t quite place filled the entirety of my chest . s and oddly chilling statement of dude you re literally a vampire would reverberate in my throughout the rest of the school day . the next half week leading up to eve was quiet . no teeth no nothing . even my dad to be doing better his came than they had for days . he to be back to normal . then on eve my dad brought home a tree . it was plastic and kind of tacky but all three of us were nonetheless . our family had never actually celebrated before we would usually just exchange the day after . i never knew why apparently my and her family used to be pretty religious before moving to the city so i just figured she and my dad were eventually converted into atheism along the way . i tried to exchange a what the are our doing glance with but he my gaze . so apparently we were now . my a bit nervous . she kept biting her and looking at my dad . he at her with a somewhat triumphant smile upon his face and set up the tree with a vigor and excitement that one usually t expect to see from their tired something year old dad . i tried to just roll with it . that s what i had been doing so far after all . i made a couple joke about finally coming to visit us after all these and how i was at long last to believe in him . and he that we go run out to pick up some for our new tree . our were doubtful that any place would still be open and selling at p . m . on eve but they eventually . me and took the elevator down to the lobby and along the oddly deserted street to the five and dime that still to be open . we both fist bummed each other at our miraculous discovery and headed inside . it kind of felt like we were little again finding joy in the of . despite my family s odd tooth related secrecy and s assumed involvement within it i let myself truly forget about all of that weirdness for a minute and just focus on the moment . we were a normal family and right now me and my brother were hunting for in the local five and dime on the night before . i to smile truly happy for the first time in when i something from out of my peripheral vision . me and were sweeping the holiday clearance section scooping up what slim pickings there were when i saw something shiny on the floor halfway beneath one of those portable ice cream . low and behold it was another one of those super shiny bleached teeth . i abruptly but t say anything to . i t want to ruin the moment . i tried to focus back on our quest and did my best to ignore the tiny object . hey this one s as white as you are jabbing me in the with his elbow to get my attention . i genuinely at the tiny segmented plastic skeleton that was probably left behind from a couple ago . i mean he t wrong . the thing into what i assumed to be the keep pile underneath his left arm and we continued shopping . the tooth was still there i could see it out of the corner of my eye on the floor . a cold chill went up my spine one that had nothing to do with the temperature outside . we were out when in the spur of the moment i a bag of at the last second . i the bag of popcorn and its contents back into my mouth as the clerk with a . i abruptly on what can only be as a deluge of teeth . what i had thought was popcorn tumbled out of the cheap plastic bag and into my mouth with a tell tale clink clink clink . i and wretched as my body one shiny tooth after another . gulping for air i as i involuntarily a stray tooth . i could feel the thing traveling down my esophagus and i almost to cry . i was getting hysterical . me to my be damned and i i had fallen to my . the clerk at the register stood and pale behind the counter his jaw hanging wide open . his grimy teeth were on full display and i wordlessly clawed at my throat in remembrance of what my treacherous body had let inside of me . in a panicked voice as he the tooth filled snack bag on the ground beside me . his hand to my back and he me hurriedly out of the shop . it s you re . . . it like he was trying to reassure himself more than me but at this point i t really care . we were just away from the shop when i over a pile of them . the same crunch from when i stepped on the tooth in our foyer was back but this time when i down about a grocery bag s worth of human teeth was scattered upon the sidewalk . unlike before however the that i had apparently stepped on were . . . . my stomach plummeted in horrid fascination . was something hatching from out of these ? t give us enough time to find out . he his grip on my jacket and me alongside him nearly dragging me as i to keep up with his pace . all of a sudden what was once grimy snow piled up on the and surrounding us shiny almost luminous . teeth . piles upon piles of oddly white human teeth inexplicably what i could sworn was once snow . i out but he said nothing . a few good of water down upon my head from a terrace above us . i shook my head like a dog with as i felt the water solidify and harden the clinking against one another . i d had enough . what the is going on . i had meant it to come out as a strong sort of demand but it more like a tortured sob . shut the up and keep moving he harshly . i had never my brother talk like that before . not knowing what else to do i his advice as we both ass to our apartment building . the snow was and pushing in on us from nearly every corner . i t even have enough breath in me to scream . we made it to our apartment building unscathed . tore open the lobby s door and ran to the elevator forcing out a panicked family emergency to the doorman as an explanation for our fear stricken . when the me inside and jabbed the close door button with so much force that i was his thumb t break . the closed and i gave him a look of you better explain while we both caught our breath . it took him a moment but he eventually found the . her they . . . he continued still half gasping for breath . . . . were really religious they in these . . . old . he that can give you money success even a . . . he up at me with a grim expression . . . . . even a baby . what i flatly . i could not believe what i was hearing . i mean we were a normal family . i know i know reasoned i t believe it either when they told me honest . when they told you ? if what he was telling me was true then how long had he known about this about the teeth ? peter calm down he . the floor counter to and hastily continued regardless of my obvious anger . listen you don t understand we thought dad had found a loophole a way that t need a sacrifice every month the counter to and spit out the next couple of like his life on it . it t work the elevator came to a jarring halt . s expression grew sickly and pale he me close peter it t work and the thing is coming after what our owe it peter it s . . . the . the apartment beyond the elevator was black . not just dark pitch black . me and both backed up into our respective as every one of our at us to stay hidden from whatever was lying just outside the elevator . peter . . . ? da . . . . . . ? something from within the darkness knew we were there . it s voice blunt yet sharp almost like the feeling of grinding your teeth together or the dentist scrap across your with their sharp metal . the t . somehow i knew they t close so long as we were inside the elevator . i was . was i could see it in his . my older genius brother t know what to do and neither did i . i to steel myself and thought of my i had to be brave for them they could still be alive . i at my clinical and to place one of my into the darkness of our apartment . saw what i was doing and tried to stop me but he was too slow . as if it was me i was completely within the dark . i closed my a blow or an injury of some sort but none ever came . i then my to a distorted mirror image of myself . the thing in front of me was so tall it s head scraped the top of the foyer s foot tall ceiling . it s skin was a nearly blinding shade of alabaster white . it t appear to have any only two roughly hewn of blackness in the where it s should have been . it s mouth was what had immediately my attention . it was the same skeletal image within my father s dental x from so long ago . the flesh of the thing s coiled around and tightly clung to its boxy unnaturally square teeth of which it had far too many to be considered even remotely human by design . it s body was and skeletal the underneath seemingly to poke through the thing s unnaturally smooth skin . it had already taken our apartment i could see that now . a black fog throughout and out of the penthouse . a blanket of darkness covered and ate at every surface a creature in itself with a million tiny teeth teeth that it used to burn and decompose the kitchen counter the the living room couch . i knew that when this was all over they would say there had been a fire . i would be the only one who knew the truth . the thing in front of me just stood there boring twin into my forehead with it s unseeing . i knew that this was the thing that had to me and my brother in the elevator . s back to me that can give you money success . . . even a baby my breath caught in my throat . was this skeletal monstrous thing towering high above me my . . . my train of thought was interrupted by the thing as it it s head in the direction of my bedroom . i snapped my attention to where it was looking . as if on cue my mother out of the barely intact doorway leading to the kitchen and fell to her her stomach . i forgot where i was and what was standing in front of me . all i could see was my mother crying in pain and her abdomen . i ran over to her as fast as my shaking would allow and wrapped her in a tight embrace . peter . . . . . . she . i her away from her stomach and almost . what did it do to you ? i whispered . her abdomen had been . . . out . the of this hollow were lined with the same pearly white teeth that had been us for . i turned away from her wound and at her face . the only emotion i could detect there was regret . not pain not sadness just a deep and utterly sorrowful regret . she at me then right in my and said the last sentence she would ever speak on this earth . you were never . . . meant . . . . to be . . . she clawed at my arms and into ash the darkness her . i the remains of my mother s skeleton for what felt like . i t cry my underneath the watchful eyeless gaze of the tall entity in the foyer . all i could do was pray that was safe that he t attempt enter the apartment and save me . he was smart so i figured he t . the thing still t and i it was waiting . for what ? i thought . i t have to think long . my father stumbling from out of the thick black fog of what was once the living room and quickly spotted me kneeling on the kitchen floor . he t seem to notice the entity . either that or he just t care . at this point it was hard to tell . he at my mother his wife s corpse than back at me with hardly any emotion . maybe somewhere deep down inside he knew this day was coming . i got up . there was only one thing i had left to ask him . how many people did you kill ? i suppose the correct term would be sacrifice but at the time it hardly to matter . he at me right in my that were so unlike his own and . so many . his voice broke . i felt bad for him in his final the man my childhood self had so feared was just as pitiful and weak as i had been when i was . i wordlessly stood up over to him and took his hand . i to lead him into the foyer . he unquestioningly behind me as if he and i both knew that this was the right thing to do . i handed him off to the tall unseeing entity . it thanklessly me for a moment then it one of its clawed gnarled and of the man i had once my father . this was it . the final sacrifice . i back through the dark smog in the direction of the elevator and the thing let me leave . just i the the screaming . i t attempt to look behind me . was still in the elevator thank god . when he saw me emerge from the darkness he breathed a sigh of enormous relief and me close . the sound of my old father s tearing flesh and t able to reach us in here and i was finally able to cry . just me and my back . let s go i eventually . knew better than to ask about what had within the apartment and we both knew not to question the elevator suddenly and smoothly descending unprompted down to the lobby . i found myself able to breath a shaky sigh of relief . it was all over . whatever selfish deal our had made with the tall pale thing that teeth and blood had ended with my father s final sacrifice . an odd chill ran down my spin as i that neither one of those people had been our not really anyways . i over at . he t born into this family t into our deal success and riches and whatever else . he had gotten that scholarship all on his own . maybe that thing upstairs would one day come back for me but until then i d spend my time making with the only other person in my life that i could truly call family . all me and really had were each other now . regardless of relation we were and it would stay that way until we hopefully grew old and . the elevator when it the st floor and i absentmindedly if would let us crash on his couch for a couple of days . the elevator was silent when it finally hit the lobby and the slid open the bright flashing of the red and blue world behind them . taking a deep breath my older brother at me and . it t all that reassuring but i nonetheless returned it . and with that we stepped out of the elevator beyond apartment and into our new life . so that s about it . i m now and almost out of collage only one semester left . the incident on eve was nearly ago today . the thing i saw in our old apartment still t come for me yet and needless to say i m glad . me and are both doing pretty good for ourselves . he s working on his doctorate right now although i have to admit i t exactly the most vocal supporter when he told me that he was going to become a dentist . but who ? maybe this time around will go a little bit differently than before . when my went to work she said she had a surprise for me . then in the evening it . i love rain always have done . there s nothing i enjoy more than sitting with the window open and hearing a storm lash down on hot asphalt smelling the distinct odor that soon . that s what i was doing on night when my trance was broken by bright and a crunching sound that my stomach . it so quickly . i was smiling watching the rain lit by the i t even pay attention to the car the other direction . in retrospect i don t think they had their on . in less than a second the brightly lit road was into almost darkness the single street lamp outside my house barely illuminated the wreck . my house is set a hundred or so from the road in the otherwise untouched countryside . one of the car s out into the night no one listening except me . i was . a part of me knew what to do to phone the emergency . the other part of me just to stare at the rain that down on the twisted metal . water off the sending a torrent of onto the road to be lost in the of rain that flooded the . a tremendous sense of calm me . there was no rush everything was fine . in the back of my mind the voice telling me to help them call the police that i was in shock ! it faded and was by the serenity i was feeling . the alarm rhythmic the slapping of the rain so soothing . from the wreck on the left a hand . it from side to side as if it were waving at me . i and gently waved back . i never thought i would fall asleep in front of such tragedy . i woke to the of and was abruptly aware of a sense of dread in my stomach . on the road i could make out two police two and a car i as my mother s . i if it was her that them as she drove home from the hospital after another late shift or if it were another driver . i could make her out standing next to her car speaking to an officer . she turned and pointed up to my room . i felt my heart sink and i under the window out of sight . all too aware now that my face and t shirt were by the warm summer rain . after a few i to see their attention had turned back to each other . then a fire truck . over the next hour or so i watched as sparks flew from the car on the right as the loud tool through the metal . gently a stretcher was brought into view . it was too far away and the view was by people tending to the driver so i t see how they were removed . i saw the neck brace in the that decorated the scene . later my mother making her way to the house . there was no point i was sleeping . i her unhurried and the slow knock on my room . she t wait for a response before she . i knew you were awake she said did you see it happen ? that question me . there was no are you ? but then there t be . i shook my head . she knew i was lying . it was too late . to say i did see it meant i t for help . i t tell her i fell asleep before i had a chance that t sound normal she t understand . that would only make worse . you re wet she said . the woke me i said . and the crash t ? i said nothing . as she turned for the door the out of my mouth before i had a chance to shut it . i was watching the rain i fell asleep . i saw her deflate and the door closed behind her with a click . after one ambulance left i for the second driver to be loaded onto a stretcher when this t happen i was confused . instead the left the police measuring and up more temporary . i watched with interest as two broke off from the rest and shining their down the embankment on the far side . one down and to slip on the muddy incline the other shone his light at him . he himself up and continued into the field that in the day time as far as you could see left fallow for the year . his flashlight and was lost in the torrential rain . something else caught my eye something much closer to home . on our side of the road behind the that flanked the driveway something was there something i d not before . i t quite make it out except the outline from where i was it to be a trash bag . it . i before my over my mouth . a hand then another planting one in front of the other dragging themselves towards the house . i there s someone over here ! ! they t even return a gaze . i on my door . ! there s someone outside ! i think they may have been in the car wreck ! i to hear the when i t i again . then rhythmically somewhat i her . what is it she . there s someone in the yard . of course there is there s police everywhere . no i think they re hurt they must have been in one of the . stop it with your lying you enough trouble tonight . i m not lying for you again . i knew what she meant . she knew i t for help and had obviously made something up when she was talking to the . i m trying to get hold of bobby once he here you re in trouble . i dry . i bobby the to the broken the of the oh so over worked nurse and her son . when i out the window and saw the body no longer move i was temporarily relieved . knowing bobby was coming i t need this guy telling my i left him for dead he saw me . i to shout again to get him help to right that wrong . i t . if i did that meant punishment . in a moment of clarity i to help be damned a beating only hurt for a couple of days but the guilt of someone dying because of me would be unbearable . officer ! i one last time . nothing . without warning my door flew open my moving to the window with purpose . she it shut and locked it and headed straight back out . there s someone hurt . you re right there is wait until i get hold of bobby . she stood in the hallway door open the light her plunging her into darkness the phone at her ear her foot tapping the floor impatiently . bobby pick up the phone ! i need you here now to sort that little out ! slam . click . i my face up to the glass of the window trying to see the body that lay in the grass . i could no longer see it . it was hard to tell if it had . i turned on the bedroom light and returned to the window waving one of the saw me . i t want to make another sound . they milled about tape in hand from as were taken . then finally the flashlight of the officer from the field filled my room . the officer up the embankment slipping a few times before his colleague him up . the two of them towards the house the flashlight still on me . i pointed down down to the yard . the . i back onto my bed and i t i was holding my breath . then there was silence . a glorious silence . silence . silence . i d my mother scream before . usually directed at me but from a distance there was something warming to it . i thought the man from the front yard had made his way in the house . but that t worry me the were coming . another scream . i . i her pain after all she put me through . another . and another . i shouting . i returned to the window to see my mother by the she tried to kick her way free though they t retaliate . when she an officer made his way to the house . i his on the and a knock on my door . is that you ? he said . i t my name in a long time . always with or . yeah i said timidly . can you come out ? i can t me in . what ? he said can you stay back from the door ? sure i said . as the officer drove his weight against the door my heart . when the open his t land on me but at the bucket that sat at the end of my bed . he wretched . i d gotten used to the smell a long time ago . son come with me he with his hand not wanting to enter the room . i t hesitate . have you got any family you can call ? what do you mean ? we need to take you somewhere safe . i don t know . can i take my ? sure . i it up and . i t remember the last time i d been downstairs . the house was a complete state . trash on the floor the wallpaper was hanging loose . all i could think was how my s me when my room was untidy . the front door was open and the cool night breeze in . the officer sides with me . don t look son he said as we the body that was being to by . i t not . then i out loud . that s bobby i said . i again . that s bobby ! i t even my mother was still screaming screaming at the lifeless body of her . when my went to work she said she had a surprise for me . bobby never made it to the house . a tremendous sense of calm me . i his hand as it waved . i never thought i would fall asleep in front of such tragedy now i know why . i as many people have been fascinated with the topic of lucid for even when i was a youngster however i never experienced a true lucid dream until i was in my upper s . but as i aged i learned to lucid dream and with practice become truly free to visit incredible that only exist in the dream realm . but i soon learned that this realm a guardian . i first this guardian in a lucid dream that was otherwise most pleasurable . i was at a picnic with my family and several of who have been dead for some time . i was completely lucid and aware that it was a dream . yet it was more than a dream i was in a real place enjoying the presence of long gone and family . suddenly out of nowhere a horrible demon like entity and promptly me from this joyous realm . this entity physically me dragged me away from my family and me face to face with it and i am you do not belong here ! i could smell the and rot of hell on its that point the entity threw me across the field like a rag doll and when i hit the ground i woke up in my bed sweating and in pain . that did not deter me . i continued to practice lucid and was becoming quite adept at visiting the dream world at will . suddenly as i was a particularly vivid lucid dream and was actually able to be consciously in control of and able to change the of the dream i aware of the presence of what i as the same malevolent entity i in the picnic dream . i never saw it that time but could clearly feel its presence approaching along with overbearing anger and hatred . i was driving a school bus which i have not done in over thirty . i tried to redirect the dream away from the entity i tried to turn the bus in another direction yet i found that while i was still lucid i was no longer in control of my dream . the entity filled with rage hate and anger was in control and fast approaching . there was nothing i could do to escape it . suddenly it was on top of me and reaching through the very roof of the vehicle it me by the hair of my head and to pull me up and over the back of the school bus driver s seat . i was in a panic as it you were . i could smell the i could feel the rage i was going to die and there was no one there to save me . suddenly i was awake . my wife was sitting astraddle my chest shaking me . once i was able to regain my she told me that my body had her . on waking she said that she found me with my head arched backward into the pillow and my whole body bowed upward above the bed . it was at this point that she astraddle of me to hold me down and with much difficulty shook me awake . i found that i was soaked with sweat and my back and neck were hurting as though i had whiplash from an auto accident . i know you will say it was just a dream but i know different it is more much more . some way somehow i learned how to intrude into another domain . a domain by something very old very evil and very angry at any intrusion . on my second visit there the absolute evil hate and rage of this entity was palatable many of magnitude more intense that my first encounter . i have no doubt that this is real and intended to kill me and no doubt would have had it not been for the work of my sweet wife . my wife now and now every night i pray that will never again lucid dream . for i know that and next time my wife will not be there to save me . those of you out there wishing to learn how to lucid dream i plead with you do not ! the dream realm is a real place and you . magic is all about the that s why you never seen a chimpanzee cast a spell . my best guess is that the first spell was cast by homo between one and two million before the present . just as our to sense and our to make use of oxygen our are an integral part of how we relate to the cosmos . the problem is that society and even more insidiously our own inner condition us to believe that talk is cheap . every time you think nice when your pizza is or make small talk about the weather you loosen your grip on your birthright . how many times have you said i love you ? how many times was it interchangeable with or ? a few times in your paint by however you meant it and you made your hearer feel it . what was happening ? was there an unexpected present a certain look in your lover s or a deathbed ? the attempt to bottle life s unforgiving spontaneity is the birth of ritual . are magic but people think that said over a boiling of of newt are more magical . are magic but people think that are more magical . are magic but people think that repeated three times are more magical . the truth is that anything that a human is special becomes special by virtue of its been favored by a human . we believe that old are powerful and our belief their antiquity . this demand for the old the rare and the otherwise exquisite can only be by humanity s last great gift commerce . i am a vellum merchant . i buy vellum from the weird people who manufacture it and sell it to the really weird people who write on it . as you can imagine this is a very niche industry and i am often someone s first real point of contact with the of magic . i m a natural extravert and i love meeting new many of whom i now consider and walking them through the process of writing their first . my include everything from choosing and ink to them in contact with a bookbinder when their are finished . most of my go to the local all catholic prep school so they usually decide to write in or maybe ancient . the who mix their blood with the ink like they re gross me out but most of them are sweet and they all end up some beautiful . of course it no difference if you use a crow feather quill or a raven feather quill i m not even convinced that those are two different . all natural are just about equally magical except maybe . and are both and both of their descend from as do most . as you can imagine i don t work out of a kiosk at the mall . my learn of me by word of mouth and meet me through a personal introduction by an established client . one summer a very fine young lady who partially me with her acceptance to me . i think that her interest in magic just her to study which her sat score . the national exam certainly t hurt her application either . she was home for summer vacation after her freshman year and to introduce me to one of her . this young man he was still in his was an astronomer . his doctorate was from one of those the alumni of which always insist that it s just as good as or the and was now a tenure track . he rented a cottage in our seaside town which is where i met him . it was in a great location right on the beach . he wicked in the way that all people who are too smart for their age do . he was but not or even . he was but when i made a joke he was able to force every part of his face but his gunpowder to laugh . most people t picky about vellum . if they know anything about vellum it s that vellum is better than parchment . a select few are very picky . my hate this . they have their own the people who raise cattle . there are a few time for the calves from the established and of magic but there are also . a while back i had a client who that his vellum come from the skin of a calf whose mother had eaten exactly four four leaf every day of its pregnancy . my told me that it was a popular request that year and four leaf had already been . i don t know where people get these . my new client vellum from a specific breed of cattle that i won t name in a way that i won t describe . the breed t be a problem but the slaughter would raise some . i shook his hand and we telephone . we kept in touch and he to assemble his writing . his next quirk was his peculiar choice of pen . all of my use quill . he a pen from an odd choice of bird but that t a problem . i can get you the of almost any bird and i do mean almost . i happen to know for a fact that several breeding of living dodo still survive in private . the problem was that he the wrong part of the bird . he to use its foot to write . i t talk him out of it . he was going to use an ink of his own concoction . i was most people despite it every day don t even really know what ink is much less how it s made . in early june the vellum and claw and he us to a housewarming party at his cottage . he us to watch him write the first page of his manuscript . i always tell my to practice writing each page over and over again on plain paper before writing on vellum but he was sure of himself . he had a diorite inkwell of generous diameter that he filled with a purple ink . i reluctantly handed him the stiff claw . he away at the a bit with a small knife and then the until they were in his desired position . i realize that this is your first taste of real magic and it might not seem like much but undoing a foot ' s rigor really is a feat . in general organic magic is more magical than inorganic magic . the nature of his instrument meant that each mark was made in triplicate . after each stroke he the . his technique was obviously practiced as each stroke was impeccable . it t long before i that he was writing in a conspicuously evil script . when he told us that he wrote in and . she him to translate after he had finished . he just and silently led us outside to the shore two lobster on the way . he threw both into the sea unbaited and us each to retrieve one . by the time that we had taken our off and rolled our pants up to wade into the water they were full to with dinner and there was even an albino lobster hanging off the side by its pincers . we boiled them all and he burned the albino in the fireplace as we spent the rest of the night eating the rest . we were ravenous . our friend soon went off on vacation with her family so it was just us . as he the completion of his book in record time i might add he me to invite me over to look through his telescope . he was on the porch when i and we went for a walk on the beach to find a good place to set up . i could see that he was . his had gotten bluer and the of his skin had dilated . his gait was awkward but smooth like he was floating but trust me i know enough about levitation to know that he t actually floating . as we up the beach we came to stilt house . my companion saw that i distracted at the sight and me about it . the house really did stand out . it was built much closer to the shore than the other and in front of the sea wall . it was in the style of the nearby just on . we stood beneath it and there to be no entrance . like every inch of this town i had been there before . i told him that when i was young my father had told me that it t always a stilt house but during a storm when he or maybe it was his father was young a boulder had through the bottom two which had never been . my friend at the story which nonsensical to me too but like this have entire of nonsense an undercurrent to their more historical . i forced my whole face to laugh at his joke about how the of had here to escape persecution . that night i my folklorist friend . he told me that as is common the house was associated with every sort of supernatural malice in the protean that our wield like a dagger against their younger . when s lot a vampire lived there . when a nightmare on elm street was a lived there . he had never the boulder story before but he told me that he would consult the historical talk to some people and get back to me . i assured him that there was lobster in it for him and he assured me that he for this stuff . about a week later he me over for dinner to share his with me . i stopped by the fish market on the way to his place . it all so good that i t stop at lobster . i at his home with stuffed crab and of tuna and swordfish . over dinner he told me that the history and folklore of the stilt house did indeed involve and too . long after the witch and long before the later satanic panic the new vampire panic our tuberculosis ridden region . the disease then known as consumption was to be spread by the of dead family who would stray from their to consume their kin . a woman whom i won t name from a town that i won t locate was forced by her to exhume her recently departed husband after one of their had contracted the disease . when they his bloated corpse the release the gas made the sound of an inarticulate scream although some of the more fanciful of the townspeople in his scream . his heart was cut out and burned and the ashes were fed to the sick child who the next day . the family to providence where and cannibalism were with derision . science then as now was no match for death and one by one all of the couple s met the same fate except for the a son . one night the woman awoke to . she the sound to her son s bedroom where the corpse of one of his older the ash eater was talking to him . as an aside i believe that the vampire was a sort of psychoanalysis . the woman somehow drove her daughter off and with her son to our town the next day where she had the house built . each room was filled with a different apotropaic object . one was said to contain only a pool of holy water covering the entire floor . after of a nightly vigil of walking up and down the to guard her son as he in his sleep for his sister the woman went mad and . on her deathbed she convinced her son to sign the devil s book and become a witch . soon thereafter a large blood red crab to appear on the beach . the decapod had an underside covered by a spongy mass of black in all although its species a defined mating season and generally hatch in about two . its size aggression and appetite made it a figure of local renown . it was reportedly seen to have eaten its fellow all manner of mollusk fish jellyfish house and on one occasion a seal . in some the were fed to the creature by its . it came to be known as red amy . amy was not the name of anyone in the family and is likely a corruption s wife . the two lower were indeed in a storm although what role if any was by a boulder is . the most salacious theory is that the son the devil by one of the that his mother had used to ward off to pray for his sister . before red amy could to the house to stop him the devil sent a wave carrying a boulder in it to crush them . the of red amy and the witch were carried out to sea never to be seen again . the property to the state and was later bought by an individual of whom i had never but my fried assured me was one of my great great . it s amazing how short a family s memory is . the property in the possession of distant until it was sold to a foreign shell company of vellum . maintenance is still on the outside once a year and the assure the who gather to watch them work that they have seen nothing through the but old furniture and dust . the dinner ended and my friend gave me of the that he had . as always he that he was getting older and i assured him that i would take him with me . i spent the rest of the night writing the slain vampire ' s last . i went to bed and then them to vellum the next day . you never want to write tired . after the fourth of my friend returned from her family vacation . she me crying from a after visiting her professor . she told me that he had been . i her to come over but she that we go to a restaurant . we decided on the only buffet in town . she told me that his lazuli now shone ever so slightly even through his . he was naked . he had to be naked they don t make clothes that would fit a body like his . she thought that he was doing geometry on the vellum but she t tell . math t her thing . he to teach her . i told her to go home . i would handle it . that night while she slept i in her room . i usually don t do stuff like that but this was a special case . i had to show that her i could be anywhere . i told her that if she ever tried to do what her professor was doing i d grab her off of the street out of her bed anywhere and in the blink of an eye she d be in my basement the off for the rest of her life and they re not regular . under normal i d disappear immediately for dramatic effect but i t help but ask if there were any in the . over cold shepherd s pie and macaroni and cheese i let her know that we were still and i would take her with me . i went to his house next the regular way . all of the were off . he sensed my coming and that the door was open before i could knock . i knew exactly what he was when i saw him a human . when we look at a gorilla orangutan or any of the other higher we see the raw block of marble from which we were chiseled but i can assure you that we not them are the unfinished masterpiece of the cosmos . looking at him i felt the horror that none of our have ever known the horror of homo when he homo . his had become something else . i wonder if that s how he knew that i was coming he sensed my electrical field like a shark . he was sitting at his kitchen table in total darkness except for his . it was hurt to look directly at them but i don t think that he had . he tried to explain his mathematical to me but i t understand . to understand my i need you to imagine with me . this one man in had the collective intellect of going back to . could you imagine how he could reform our society in his medusal image if he had or a team of or a factory or a corporation or a space agency ? just think how henry ford and were and before me sat a man who made s look like a baboon s daydream of more aerodynamic feces . we took a walk on the beach under the full moon . even outside and even with all the green tweed that he was wearing i could still smell his burning tire body odor . by the time we had at the stilt house i was out of breath from keeping up with him . it was solar midnight the real midnight . most people think that midnight is twelve on the clock but it s actually the between astronomical dusk and astronomical dawn . the bottom of the stilt house now had an opening and i him to my ancestral home . i for a ladder and one came down . i let him climb up first just because i to see him move some more . the kitchen was still spotless after all those . i put a kettle on the stove and got the tea set out of the cabinet . he tried to convert me over tea . he told me about the cosmos about math science engineering space the future the the death cult . i tried to explain the truth to him . i told him about the four and two matter and energy and electromagnetism the weak force the strong force and gravity . that s all there is . even if the birth of the cosmos was the death of the last and its death will be the birth of the next one could only hope for a better configuration of . even if our cosmos is one of an infinity in parallel nothing of value is to be found in any . the cosmos is the apotheosis of nothing to something by its own pretense to existence . i him to the real reality . i told him that i would take him with me . i t tell if my guest was fidgeting in impatience or just getting used to his new body . he still t get it . he probably thought that magic is technology like his first spell was just a really advanced fishing rod . after a few we her . i him up and we up to the attic . her grew as we . she was shouting at her son to sign the devil s book . the young man and pale the only color in his face was under his . he dipped his quill into his forearm and wrote the same spell over and over on every surface of his room . it was an old spell maybe the . help me . my companion had enough and we back down to the kitchen . there was no exit . he shone a look of betrayal at me and that was all that my ritual . come . you never seen anything like the that came but i m sure that you d call them if you could see them . they re sort of like those magic eye they just look like noise until the image for you . eat . the just to eat the man right there on the kitchen table . i was so hungry that i t resist a bite of a choice cut . the taste of his swampy meat was somewhere on that alligator frog snake waterfowl fish spectrum but with a buttery unctuous . i t understand any of his but i assume that he was calling for help in one of the forgotten . his grew and as he death . i took a sheet of vellum out of my pocket and it against his raw naked . when he was dead a perfect impression of two faintly . i threw another empty soda can on the floor where it a similar pile some crushed still intact . i could feel her amused following the projectile but i to acknowledge her . i rubbed my eyed vigorously . " it ' s am already " i tried to tell myself . " more to daybreak and then i can rest . " pushing aside the bucket of unopened i dragged my exhausted to the basin to splash some water on my tired . the ice cold water momentarily me awake . i back into the room only to find my standing at the door livid with anger and holding my soda . " you haven ' t slept in days " she and her anger was just . but she ' t know that i cannot sleep ! i must not fall asleep yet . before i could pounce for the she backed out and the door to my face locking me in . i could feel movement in the corner as she moving the first time since i saw her nights ago . her name is mora or that ' s how i my dad whimper it ago . i was barely when i had out into the corridor in the middle of the night for a glass of water and had weird from dad ' s room . mon had forbidden me to enter this room . she was that i would find out about the other dad brought home and growing up follow into his . that night his door was ajar and on my way to kitchen i the forbidden fruit . i saw her the first time a gorgeous woman sitting astride my dad ' s chest whose were at thin air tight shut moaning . i had tried to slip away quietly but it was as if she knew i was there . " i shall find you " she had in a singsong voice caressing my dad ' s face that contorted ceaselessly . " the day your virtue you like your dad i shall come for you too . " i know i ' t have taken advantage of the girl that night . she was drunk and help . she ' t need a lusty animal to violate her but my instinct out my conscience that night . i had stole into my room that fateful night to find mora me . " hush now " she whispered in a soft voice . " go to sleep . you may yet outlive this rd night . your old man nights before his heart . " she me gently into bed and i felt her cold on me . " why " i . " your mother me to take revenge for your father ' s infidelity . she ' t banish me after . so i stayed . " her smile was . " mora " i fighting a lost battle against my . " i ' m sorry . " " it ' s " she dangerously as pressure on my chest . " mare to some . happy . " so a little about myself before i get into the story my name is hector roanoke and i been a for about now . i have a extensive military background i enlisted into the us navy at the age of my job was a corpsman for a platoon of marine they taught me everything from shooting and fighting to the basic survival that i still use to this day . eventually my time in the service came to an end after due to personal . now before i tell you about what in valley i must tell you i every you could possibly name i got the job through some it was easy with my military background . even though the first job almost made me quit on the spot it s hard being a rookie and hunting a ancient who the strength of ten men and the attitude of a off bear who s been from hibernation the pay was good though so that made up for it . anyways i was given the task of going on an expedition into valley because out of the last group of who were strong only made it out and one of those regrettably t include my friend . me and had known each other since i was in the military we were battle and there was no way i was accept that he was gone so i for the job and i was given it without second thought . now i m sure some of you have the kind of mysterious unexplainable that go on in valley from headless men wandering the to outright sighting of ancient the expedition was to last only days and no more because of safety they said . but i t care i was determined to find and the other missing . on the first day i at the valley and i to make shelter in a cave by source everything was going well at sunset i to hear weird like the of an woman mixed with the call of a rabbit . at first i thought it was a skin walker and i t worried one bit but something was off about the way it was skin can not mimic and at the same time the kept getting closer so i took cover in some nearby foliage what i saw shook me on a spiritual level . the creature was tall and black not just the skin but it was like a walking shadow it had very long with i ever seen mounted on its head but the most chilling part was it s eye were empty but gave off a red hue like a flame in the dark . it s hair well past it s i quickly what it was a stick if it t for me up on what it was this definitely would been a bad fight to pick i laid still until the thing over me after it i made a not to myself to keep my guard up after sunset if stick are here i d hate to see what else could be around here . after my experience with the skin i decided to pack up and move camp to another location i about down the river and found myself a nice spot by a fallen tree i setup camp went hunting and cooking the game i had caught later that day . i soon went to sleep i woke up about early and left my tent to take a leak after i finished i got done bleeding the snake i a twig snap in the distance i quickly ran to my camp and my hunting tomahawk to confront whatever was making a noise this late in the . that was when i saw it it was a man but this was no ordinary man he was about and fit as a fiddle i could recognize him from anywhere it was one of the missing i put my tomahawk on my waist and him but i he was facing with his back to me . then it on me that no only was his back pointing towards me but his head was missing his was walking headless around the forest the sight filled me with anger sadness and fear at the same time . i t know what i was dealing with i slowly crept away and kept a big fire all night with my tomahawk in on hand and my gun in the other all night . what i saw that night really made me realize that i was in foreign territory i decided to go for a hike around the area to get a better idea of the landscape the area was beautiful the were chirping . i until sunset and went back to camp to rest and eat after eating i that my had foot all around it but these t normal sized they were miniature no bigger than a year foot . i one of the shaking i my tomahawk and when i it a short creature no more that tall out at me and into the . damn near gave me a heart attack but i t help to laugh i went to sleep laughing after that experience . little people they re not dangerous but they sure are noisy . i woke up at the crack of down to go fishing i got tired of eating rabbit and pheasant meat every night so i tried to mix it up a little i put some rabbit foot on the line to see if i d get lucky and bag a big meaty fish to cook tonight over the fire . after a few i got a bite i tried to real it in but it t budge thought i was snagged on a log until the all the line of the rod was gone in an instant something in the water was stirring . i decided to take cover behind a big rock and watched a monster of a serpent breach the surface i to say it was an but something about the were different and this one to be a juvenile . i stayed behind the rock until it was gone just in case and up down stream to fish there just in case the bastard was still around . i caught a few salmon so the trip t disappointing . after seeing the general lay out of the area i looking for what to the team my mission took me into the valley it was truly a beautiful sight to behold crystal clear beautiful and some of the most beautiful you ever see . i came upon the camp nothing immediately stood out to me until i found two human they were beyond human comprehension in what like an act of brutality i never seen in my life . i nearly crying thinking about the pain they went through before dying i gave them a proper burial and the god the same thing t happen to . eventually returned to camp with a heavy heart and a feeling that every move i made was being carefully calculated by something i slept with my gun loaded with a wolfsbane round in the chamber that night . wolfsbane is hard to find but boy does it pack a punch against the majority of out there . come to the realization that am being by something smart i went to the nearby river to wash myself and when i came back to my it was i thank god i took my with me just in case that i saw a piece of me . the thing that my left bigger than any i ever seen it was definitely of humanoid origin but how human really worried me usually humanoid such as and the don t mess with unless you are in there territory . what ever this thing was it t being territorial it was trying to make an example . it to be more out of rage than to protect something you own . i what it could but eventually i gave up and staring my tomahawk in case the bastard came back . after the encounter i made a makeshift camp out of some foliage and around the floor and a camp fire i knew the bastard was waiting for me to go to sleep so i spent all day . i m be honest with you in all my of hunting i never seen anything like this this was the night that made me a seasoned fear for his life . after all day i was sitting at the camp fire when i saw it i never seen anything like it it was tall about it human but it as all wrong it t look like a regular human it like a cross between the ancient race of and a ancient human . it s burning amber that in the dark looking at me with such hate and anger i could feel the killing intent from its body i hurried to my with my gun and tomahawk in hand and it threw something at me that landed at my and . i it over with my foot to inspect it and it was the skin this thing had then skin and threw its head at me as some sick display of power . i back up at it and it was sadistically smiling at me i never felt so much fear in my life . i stood my ground waiting for it to make a move and i that it t advancing any more i at the fire and then at it and it s expression fell to this day i don t know what that thing was but i thank god that i had a big fire going . i took a seat and it did the same at the edge and we at each other me not the fire go out and it not willing to advance with the fire roaring . we at each other until the break of dawn and then at the blink of an eye it was gone . quickly i left that place and told my what and they told me that there were of the wild men of the valley of the and that i was lucky to make it out of there alive i never did find one day i will go back there but until now i just thank god that i m alive to tell the tale . i d tell you more about my career but i have to wrap it up here i just got a call about going on a mission with some to investigate ranch if i make it back alive i tell you the about that hunt too until then farewell and be safe out there you never know what really in the deep unexplored of this earth when he ' t trying to impress me by boasting that he ' t drank at a party where i thought i ' d be the only sober one bunch of and year or urging a crying me to try out for a part in the school musical we were talking on the phone non stop . . . i don t think it s too unusual for and family to have about how they reach one another after death them and what they send but maybe that s just me . my best friend and i were one such conversation on the telephone in my freshman year of high school . i can t remember how i said i d reach him but he always my singing voice and he told me he d reach me through music . i told him that was too abstract and he said he d be on a tape or something . i said nobody to and he said he d do something with a . i was argumentative all the time back then and told him that t make sense either and not to ruin my but he i figure it out you see . well i don t want to see obviously don t actually die this is a just in case thing . " don t think they ever die or stop talking to their . his real name t it was actually nick but when i met him i told him he like from toy story and calling him and my always stuck so everyone suit . . when they in class that he had been in a car accident late on just over that past weekend some people t know who it was until i said out loud in shock . . . . only a couple t know at that point who it was that had . i am bipolar among other that run in my family and i was also dealing with the of a yo and i did not handle the death well at all . incidentally i blamed myself because the night he went out joy riding with the who the car he had me . i t feel like talking . for a few at least i had been in a depression and t feel like talking to anybody so to get him off the phone i told him i d call him back but i t even plan to . maybe he d have stayed in to talk i told myself . still do . i self . i d pry the tiny out of regular razor and press them deep enough into the skin to not see them as they slid mostly on the area on the top of my wrist but i did make sort of a bracelet around the whole thing . it t my intention to die and i always wore this wrist band on that arm yeah cringe so nobody would ever see the . my other best friend had burned me the by brand new long before the controversy came to light to help me get through the loss . i to it nonstop and it and me both to hear it play at ' s funeral as he d never liking them to me . it was a few after he had and i was cleaning my room which meant i had absolutely covering the whole floor and i was sitting in the middle of it doing nothing constructive while i found old to make me reminisce . as i often did when i got to i got to thinking about pretty quickly and into a weeping mess . i my secret box that only i knew how to open and took out my current little blade . i locked my door put in my and went to track number good to know if i ever need attention all i have to do is die . i usually to this one when i d cut thinking of how i selfishly my friend and let him die . i the blade down and was about to drag it across my skin when the suddenly to track . for those unfamiliar this is a song about someone losing someone dear to them and wanting to be with them . the chorus nobody to be half a world away at times like these . . . i m you to shine it on and stick around i m not writing my specifically to beseech a one to in there and not hurt themselves because the speaker would be with them if they could be . not only did it skip to this song but it to the actual chorus with the comforting . it took me by surprise and i the blade from my wrist without yet made a mark . i just at the player kind of blankly . after a moment i forward took the out and it put it back in and to again . it and i put they blade to my skin . my with once more my friend and just before i broke skin the again to s pleading chorus . i don t remember at which exact point i that had said he d do something with a but i did and i sat here testing this for some time before i finally accepted something strange was happening . i went to other as well but over and over only that day and never again it would skip as soon as i went to self harm to the chorus basically me not to . not at all but just overcome with emotion i my friend without even stopping the which normally as i t try to harm myself . i sat on the bed and cried and cried explaining to her the promise had made me to contact me from the other side and what had just with the . we for only about before i got off the phone . i through my at the floor strewn with trash and and of both and suddenly my old tape recorder . that year i had gone on a cruise with my family and before i left i a bunch of my from school saying and that they d miss me and such . just dumb teenage stuff . i thought maybe i ! and even though i was pretty positive he had been absent that day and t on there i decided to listen . i play and nothing . i the battery plate and saw it was empty so i the tape into the bottom half of my tape player . man remember the s ? the beginning of the tape was what i . i it and you my friend start to talk . then it suddenly switched to something else . there was a lot of static to it and i had to turn it way up to hear whatever it was in the background of that static . i some familiar but difficult to identify music and after a while i what like someone talking . . . no crying over it . i my ear all the way up against the cool metal of the speaker and as hard as i could with the volume all the way up squinting like my could help me hear if they d just focus harder . suddenly with a shock i not felt again before or since i what i was hearing and i admit my blood turned to ice and my just squinted into investigative more than i thought they could . the music i was my brand new and the crying person was me calling just ago talking about . i at the little tape recorder i had just removed the from still sitting on the mattress beside me with no in it with which to have me . i was and as my heart just from the fear of the inability to understand i s full declaration on how he d reach me after death . he told me he d reach me through music . he said he d be on a tape or something . i said nobody to and he said he d do something with a . i was argumentative all the time back then and told him that t make sense either and not to mess you my but he i figure it out you see . well i don t want to see obviously don t actually die this is a just in case thing . don t think they ever die or stop talking to their . when i did lose one i t think i d hear from him again . i bought the calendar at a thrift store on the of town around thanksgiving . the plastic wrapping was gone but upon further inspection there were no life from previous marked on those little day . the art t inspiring pastel of and but the price was . it was only . a brand new calendar complete with plastic wrapping would run me closer to at the drugstore come or . this would be my first bit of frugalness a well resolution for the new year . and over a month early . look at me go ! she must have because one of my from her was a plastic wrapped calendar moving their bowels . that cassie my clearly more than the and . now instead of being in the green . i was in the red . thanks ! come st i removed our old calendar from the nail above the key holder and it with the puppy one . the thrift store calendar went in to one of those drawers where everything else without a purpose went . those wayward filled with that don t fit anything of that no longer exist and of thread in a house without a single needle . i t see the calendar again until . sometime in early i was through the drawer in search of one of those silk glasses when i came upon the calendar . the which had been white and crisp when i put it in there ago were now bent and had some sort of residue . someone had been it . curiosity me to pull the calendar from the drawer and flip it open . the only event marked which t seem to be in cassie s handwriting but t be anyone else s was for may rd and titled cass dentist . a couple struck me as odd . first of all why t cassie write that event on the doggy calendar ? my explanation cassie to keep some of her private to the and so forth . secondly what type of dentist appointment at ? was the dentist that booked up that they were making every minute count ? maybe what do i know ? i haven t been to the dentist in five . my mind built and the odd normal . i t want to ask cassie about it in case she took it as an invasion of privacy so i closed the calendar up and slid it back in to the drawer as close to where it originally was as possible . despite the i the title . when may rd came around i fully cassie to let me know she had an appointment that day but as the morning inched toward the afternoon she t say a word . she even if i to go for lunch around noon . maybe she ? i remember it being one of the days we d this spring so we drove to main street with our open enjoying the sun and the breeze . we were traveling in the left lane with a some gas guzzler just in front of us in the right when we a bit of construction on the sidewalk . three men and a jackhammer were working on the sidewalk and of the concrete had made their way in to the right lane where the was traveling . all of sudden there was a and simultaneous snapping noise . cassie cupped both over her mouth and to scream . burst our of her and she doubled over . we got to the dentist in record time . after seeing the look of pain in her face they cassie straight back and left me with the . i what to the receptionist a car a small chunk of concrete about the size of a thimble up and sent it in to cassie s open window cracking her front tooth in half . alright . fill out the check in sheet while i get the other in order the receptionist said in a tone that made me worry how often this type of thing . i wrote cassie s name but i t sign for her i used my own signature . and then i out my phone to see what time to write for check in . my phone screen said . may rd cass dentist . they fixed cassie up over the course of a few and i took her home . i wish i had whatever they d given her because she fell asleep on the couch before i could even turn on the . i went back to the drawer out the calendar and it open to may . the little square the rd still said cass dentist but was now x out in red sharpie . and with no real intent i to flip forward . june blank blank august blank . th . cassie s funeral . killian the kitty kat . this boy clearly had very specific going into this game . he was connected to something in here just as we were . the game had known my real identity from the start they to me individually made personal . there had to be a reason that had his own nickname . he kept saying how this game was me and but i had a feeling that he was an important role too . just the actual connection t clear to me yet . we still had many left before we could go looking for the carnival where we would search for the princess . that should be used carefully to get more into the game or to get to know the of our new teammate . it felt awfully difficult however to focus on the game when we t even know if was alive at this point . your friend is long gone . they said it . that bastard teammate of his must have done something to her was grinding his teeth . the on his mouth to be healing and instead of looking dangerous he sad and . we don t know if that s what they mean i tried to convince both him and myself . i t be thinking of this right now or i would just break down . i d known ever since i was a . we grew up next to each other and worst of all i was the one who her into this whole mess in the first place when i my experience on the ' s show with her . she a target because of me . i took a deep breath . it was time to let my friend in on what exactly i had experienced at the bridge . i was telling him the whole truth because i was afraid he would take it wrong . i had saved after all instead of the person that like my friend . his reaction was the complete opposite however . he got up and me . you re a genius mate ! can t believe you figured out that it was an imposter . though you really should me when i told you i was at the mall . well you t make it easy you been so secretive . i been secretive ? he what about then ? if you t so keen on being quiet about everything then maybe we could gotten some out of her . i mean honestly what will we do if she is still for the other team ? i not sure what to do with the information he just gave me . still ? i finally but stayed silent . she was already in the game . you t join in the official first round the game been going on for a while now in . the game ? . was still not speaking but his expression told me everything i to know . she got us involved in this t she ? are you starting to understand that you can trust your damn ? it took us three to drive to the location of the carnival which was hidden behind in the middle of nowhere . a shimmer of light sparking up the dark the familiar melody on repeat could be from away . the three of us had gotten dressed appropriately and we were wearing our . from the distance it like a regular carnival . there was a wheel mirror food and game . but instead of regular people everyone except for us was dressed as . well not everyone . the rest of the top were spread around the place as well . nobody us though . not before . we kept an eye open but so far there was no sign of . dun dun dun shoot ! all of you made it how wonderful ! the princess is you but she is picky . catch her first and don t get pierced ! the timer ran out just as we received the message . the round had officially begun . as if they had simply been waiting in the dark observing us the first group was walking closer towards us . a group of young holding sharp . baseball bats with in them and daggers . " god they ' re just . what is going on here ? " i whispered . " no clue " " but i ' m certainly not attack them . " the getting closer all humming the melody . dun dun dun " wait i might have an idea " said . he stepped on the counter of an abandoned booth standing high up and then with all the volume in his voice he shouting . " welcome welcome welcome ! it ' s time for another adventure ! " then he took off his mask . the were staring at him with big on their completely . that s ! one of the whispered . where are we going ? what will we do next ? another one said . we did everything you said ! what s our next adventure ? they were up and down in glee . one after the other they let all their fall to the ground . we were still trying to make sense of the situation when out of nowhere a jester who was sitting on the next to us fell right off his horse . a puddle of blood was forming around them . this person had been hit by an arrow . right inside their heart . ran over and tried to help . i . the other were still in trance staring at . we removed the mask and saw the face of a man about my age . blood was out uncontrollably . we tried to stop it to block the wound but it was already too late . " alright for the next adventure everyone will go look for a place " said in a shaky voice . as the other he put his mask back on down and sat down with us next to the body of the dead jester . " where did that arrow come from ? " i my blood drained shaking . i around and ' t see anyone . " " whispered . " who ' s ? " we in unison . me right in the and then said in the most distressed voice " she ' s my little sister " then he turned to and added " she ' s the princess because you bastard made her . " before we could react another arrow was shot on top of the already dead man . we quickly took a step back . and i ran to the booth to us while behind the ticket shop of the . " why ' t you tell us ? " i after and i had crouched down behind the booth . " because he was the one who told her to do it . she watched his every day . she already had a tendency to be brutal but watching him brought out the worst in her . damn she ' s so young she ' t even know what she ' s doing " he was almost crying " and then a few ago she just . i knew it had something to do with the game and so i to find her . it took me a while to figure out that she ' t a player but a game piece . she s a level . " " slow down . was into becoming the princess of the game ? " he . " there ' s something about her . something that ' t quite right . she is very susceptible to of pain and torture and somehow it again . it ' s like she no remorse . . but i swear it ' s not her fault ! if i could only get to her i could " " over there the are coming from the wheel " was shouting from the other side " i think she only when she ' s at the very top . we need to hurry . " ' t even think before up and running towards the wheel . the space in front of the wheel was full of . dancing around and laughing . more kept coming from different all wearing the but none of them did anything they t even acknowledge us . was already in front of the wheel . he inside one of the open on the bottom . and then the wheel continued turning . soon the princess would be on top again shooting her . and i were just behind fighting our way through all the that kept . before we could get to the wheel however the princess was back at the top and sharp were flying through the air . this time she was random around us . not a single arrow was directed at us . " you need to get to her quick ! " i . these were all innocent . into this game so far that they ' t even trying to hide from the . were falling all around us . the situation was so that for a moment i almost put my guard down . i was so distracted that i ' t notice that the jester standing next to me was not quite like the . not until i felt the cold knife against my throat . ? i . the jester and shook their head . then they pointed towards another jester standing at the bottom of the wheel . this one was holding a gun and pointed it towards the wheel . at first i thought they to shoot the princess but that t their target . while the princess was shooting had almost all the way up . bang bang bang he was so close to getting to his sister but just like that he inside the wagon . blood from the wagon as the wheel continued moving again and finally finished the turn . as it stopped the princess out with a big smile on her face . one of the took her hand and together they into the darkness . i tried to look for to see what he was doing and why he t helping but i t spot him anywhere . he was just gone . and slowly everyone else was leaving as well until the carnival was empty except for the one other jester and me . the jester then took a step back put the knife away and removed their mask . don t worry . i m on your team . final round part part part xb " sir i you won the game . " patty ' s voice was in an unusually flat tone . her to indicate she had something more to say . " you don ' t seem very happy about me winning . where did you get the news anyway ? " " . he ' s literally been telling every single soul on base about how he you win the game last night . " patty . " while the and his grandma won ' t be you from now on ' s going to become and even bigger pain in your ass . " right . i probably ' t tell her about the favor of me . " patty i ' t talk to if that ' s what you ' re worried about . kept my mouth shut . honestly i can ' t figure why he chose to help me . i was running and i this voice giving me and i just them . when i through one door i was suddenly away on the beach . " " sir it might have like help at that time but did it occur to you that you might have been in even greater danger ? he brought you to her domain . luckily she ' t there but you could ' been in way more danger . " " her domain ? " patty a weak smile and shook her head . " i ' said a bit too much . let ' s leave it at that sir . also whatever favor of you i suggest you fulfill it sooner rather than later . he ' s not exactly the epitome of patience . " " did he tell you that too ? " " he ' t have to . there ' s always a price to pay . " damn right . while ' s favor simple enough to accomplish the fact that i may or may not be breaking another rule worried me . " well i guess you owe me one now don ' t you sir ? " drew he maniacally grinning face closer to mine . i my biting my so hard i drew blood . i ' m not going to answer him no matter what . he my hand and a cold long and thin object in my . " i know your forbid you from me so i don ' t need an answer from you . all i ' m for is a simple favor sir . go to the altar and offer your bow of silence . after it ' s over use that to offer a sacrifice on the altar . a dog cat a chicken maybe even that pretty little blonde from your office . as long as it . that ' s all . " that to the object he in my palm . it was a single piece of bone to into a knife . the ? the problem with making out of bone is the inferior cutting ability true bone is an effective stabbing weapon but the cutting edge is an entirely different matter . yet this knife was deceptively sharp . running my thumb along the blade had split my skin and flesh and drew blood without any discomfort or pain . the sharpness is crazy . " nice knife huh ? i it from her room along with some other stuff . maybe it ' s best if you it somewhere and not show anyone lest she find out about it . " i . . it really is one thing after another ' t it . xb my alarm . . right time to get this over and done with . the walk to the in silence . no thumping behind me no whispering in my ear by . it was just me alone with my with the exception of the occasional cooing from the cage i in my right hand . i up the cage and at the quail within . now if you ' re wondering where the hell i found a quail our base an extensive collection of in captivity ranging from to . these are training used to teach our the basic principle of survival . wildlife for food . of course we emphasize on killing them in the most painless way possible as a sign of respect for the giving up their for ours . though this definitely ' t any form of survival training . as i the roof i a silent apology to the quail in the cage . the roof was barren upon of dust covered the floor with the exception of a single trail of leading directly from the entrance to altar on the far end . the full moon hung spectacularly low in the sky casting a faint glow on the . the chilly night air was still each breath hanging within my as though suffocating me . at the far end of the roof stood the altar looking as though it was from a single piece of pure obsidian . there were no no no or any discernible of any kind . just a slab of pure obsidian speckled with of red . at the center of the altar was an goat ' s skull a jewel red as blood in the center of the forehead . i assume that ' s the chalice . i stepped forth . as each step drew me closer to the altar the still air to grow even until as i was standing right in front of the altar the air around me to freeze over . i bowed . it was the minute of silence i ' d ever done . even the quail was silent as though the oppressive atmosphere . well here goes nothing . the quail out of its cage i it over the chalice if you could even call it that and slit its throat with the knife had given me . so sharp was the knife that skin and flesh parted with no resistance . drip . . . drip . . . . drip . . . . as of scarlet blood slowly into the chalice the crimson jewel took on a faint sinister glow . drip . . . . drip . . . . drip . . . . the of blood progressively turned until they like of pure darkness dripping into the chalice . drip . . . . drip . . . . drip . . . . a thunderous slam from the entrance . i tried to turn my head to the origin of the sound but an unknown force kept my gaze locked upon the chalice . what the ? drip . . . drip . . . drip . . . the sound of me . each step sending a resounding thud that i swore i could feel in my . this is how i die . drip . . . drip . . . " speak human . you may demand one answer to you by the blood of an inferior . " whispered the voice that to be coming from everywhere and no where all at once . what the ? what ? " waste my time at your own peril human . ask your question and be done with it . " what ? what the hell should i ask ? that prick ' t tell me anything about this . an intense pain shot through my shoulder like a bolt of electricity . the heavy pressure forced me to my . " i . will . not . repeat myself . " . my mind going into shock i out the question that had always burned within my mind . the one question no one would answer me due to rule number . " who or what the is she ? ! " a tremor . did this thing just shiver ? the pressure off my . " she ' s above you . " drip . . . i don ' t really know many people with imaginary or at least are willing to admit that they had them . it ' s especially hard to find out the embarrassing we had when we were eight or nine when you ' re now in high school . spread fast these days and i would know as i ' m mainly the center of attention of them . i was a very creative when i was younger . i still consider myself fairly imaginative even now but it like i ' m on a whole different planet with puberty and all . my creativity was also a little from the my mother watched when i was younger . we the same room back then and my bed was close enough to the so when i was supposed to go to bed i would secretly watch and listen to all the paranormal she had on . she the stuff back then and even now she to watch like the ghost or the ghost which i back when i was a younger . of course it was only a matter of time before i in the paranormal myself . the devil . . . despite not really being in a religious household i in anything unnatural or scary as i ' t have of the stuff i watched . there was nothing really there to scare me away from wanting to see more other than the rule that i ' t to watch horror . that ' s understandable of course as what i to explain was when i was around at least maybe ten or eleven . i remember the first time i these supposedly imaginary . nobody was around to watch me play with my on the dining room table . does anybody remember those bobble head pet shop ? i had one of those . i still remember that it was a dog with tan fur and purple . i don ' t think i have it but it was a weird toy for sure . i was with some other as well but i don ' t as clearly remember those as i do with the dog . i think i left for a moment to get a juice packet . honestly i don ' t remember other than that i just left for a moment . when i came back the bobble head on the dog was shaking like crazy . you could just chop it up to just being the air or something as the air conditioner was on and it was summer but it was just violent shaking . not enough to make the body move or anything but it was just shaking . of course i was fascinated with it . one of my was just suddenly moving its head all around . i probably was getting anyway so of course i would find something like this entertaining . an explanation for myself ? well it had to have been a ghost right ? it was the only explanation my child mind could have come up with at the time with all the paranormal my watched and all . so i to ask it like " are you a ghost ? " or " can you talk to me ? " . i never got a response . i never told my about it nor did i tell my which we were living with at the time . we still are . despite my mother loving the paranormal my never felt comfortable with any thought of a ghost or worse living in the same home . they made it sound like we were going to move away if they did find out that there was a ghost in our midst . i ' t want that to happen so i just kept my mouth shut . this was only the beginning of my imaginary friend ' s . i to hear somebody knocking on the when i was alone somewhere in the house as if somebody was merely trying to communicate with me . when i knew that nobody would hear me i would ask it once more mainly a knocking was meant to be a response or a yes while nothing was meant to be a no . that ' s the best my mind at the time could come up with . i don ' t remember any of the i or any of the so " " i got unfortunately but i do remember one . there are two in the downstairs of the house . at the time the upstairs was by my great grandmother so i never really went up there . on one of the times i to communicate with my invisible friend i remember " what is your name ? " or something along those . there was no response . later that day i went to use one of the and saw that in the corner of the mirror plain to see was the " j a c " . that was the answer to me . my friend ' s name was . this is one of three times he would communicate to me via . the second time is when while in the bathroom i how old he was . i think i got the response the next day as in the other bathroom in the same corner as the last mirror there were two what i assumed were so was eleven old at least around or about my age . of course this got me excited . i had a friend who was the same age i was and was a ghost . who ' t want that ? the third time . . . looking back at it now i should ' seen at least the first sign that something ' t right . i was usually many or talking to the knocking spirit when i was alone and i knew that nobody would hear me speak . the two other the and the name were still on their corresponding mirror . my family ' t seem to notice these as they stayed up before fading away naturally as if they ' t see them . going to the bathroom where the name was i saw that something was added around and on the name . they like they were and i still am convinced that they are . what me the most is that i never what his favorite food was as that is what i assumed he was telling me back then so seeing this with better logic it was like he was doing more on his own and less as a response to me . young and naive i to tell people at school that i had made with a ghost . word traveled fast and sooner or later i ended up being the one who had an imaginary friend a name that ' t even properly . as i said i was ten or eleven at the time so i never really thought of why people me for being with a ghost . they were probably just jealous . remember when i said that i never really lived in a religious household ? a lot of people in the school i went to sort of did . this ' t a catholic school or anything it was public but there really ' t the most popular religion in . one of my we ' call her is one of them . i say very loosely as after she caught word of me being supposedly with the paranormal she to talk to me again . her mother was a priest working at a church in another town . we don ' t have a catholic school around for so her mother had put in the public school . in our last conversation we had with each other it was when i kept her why she ' t want to be with me and why she ' t talk to me . she told me that she had told her mother that i spoke to an imaginary friend and that simply by that her mother had sensed that i was with three of hell and that she should stay clear from me . that ' s the last time i ever to her . back then i ' t understand why that would drag her away from me . i was more or less happy than she had said " three " and not " one " . that meant that i could have more that were . who that they were ? not all are bad right ? right ? the knocking to spike after that . i could hear it come from other and around other people . i could feel of cold air go past me suddenly when i was alone at home . i was fully convinced that these were coming from my . it was no longer just . i had given the other two joey and . god i was so naive back then . even after everything that i still thought . . . if i only knew what was really going on . the next time i from one of my imaginary it ' t through the usual knocking that nobody could hear or in the mirror corner . looking back at it now it up my spine . i was getting in my bedroom . it was just another normal day . i ' m pretty sure it had been a year since i had met so i was probably eleven or twelve . i was alone but i ' t when i a voice . a female voice . i remember clear as day what she said " listen to him " i ' t or or nervous . it just felt like i was talking to a normal person . a friend . i " listen to who ? " the voice " " . the female voice ' t respond to any more and the room felt cold . of course i continued to tell people that had to the who were my . that only got me and more as i was said to be the " loser who still imaginary " . honestly a part of me did believe that these were imaginary but the evidence was there . the voice the shaking the knocking the . . . i still ' t understand why people would call that imaginary . were they just that blind ? was i just that untrustworthy ? and then well . . . i did some pretty twisted and some would say demonic during that time . when i was truly alone i would speak to my so imaginary and eventually to pray to what i the " guardian of purgatory " a being who where people go when they and the devil himself offering of my own sanity in that i can stay with what i still saw as nice and that will get better with my own life . i nothing but i certainly did lose something especially when i my that i will forever talk to them . i ' t have made that promise . i to communicate to them less and less as time went on until i eventually stopped talking to them and stopped the knocking . when i turned thirteen my supposed imaginary friend phase was finally over . eventually the knocking stopped . there was no more praying to the devil or talking to imaginary . even so the damage to my reputation had already been dealt . nobody really to talk to the person who imaginary for about two or three way past from the usual age when most or young would get them . the town we lived in also tried their best to estrange themselves from meeting me or my all because of the reputation of me being a satanist or possessed or insane . it had gotten so bad that for a few my family going to church . the priest there ' t do anything to me and i ' t really pay attention to any of the or the . when i was finally in high school it like everything was finally over despite me not any . honestly looking back at it now i ' t have been more wrong . we have gotten a cat last year . was her name . we had adopted her from one of the a few over . healthy friendly . . . nothing wrong with her whatsoever . she a couple of days later due to a sudden illness . ' t explain the sudden illness . she was put down while i was at school and i ' t ask what illness it was . there was a lot of crying that day but that ' s also the day i the knocking again . it ' t the rapping on the like it was those ago . it was sharp and sudden like somebody had on one of the tables as if somebody had lightly hit it with their . it gave me an eerie feeling that and his were back and they ' t as nice as i . i to feel as if somebody was trying to strangle me at night when i ' m in bed . the feeling ' t suffocating but i could feel the pressure of two warm trying to press down on my neck in a malicious manner . sometimes when i ' m half asleep i can feel of my bed sink down slightly as if somebody was sitting down on it and watching me sleep . the worst part is that i ' t feel any fear when any of this just like when i was younger . i ' trying to communicate with the devil again more of my sanity for pure luck in my life . every time i do so i feel like i ' m being watched or even if nobody is around . i can ' t seem to stop myself . it ' s like it was my only choice . my only option . i ' m going to be a sophomore now and the only reason i ' m trying to get my story out somewhere was because of what i happening a few ago before quarantine . i was a with an old friend we ' re not and we were going to sleep on in my living room . she left to use the bathroom leaving me all alone . i ' t think much of it until i that sharp knock again coming from the kitchen . right above the doorway of the kitchen was a shadow of what to what i think was a hooded figure . it stood still and it like it was staring straight at me . i ' t feel fear . i ' t of it nor did i want to call out to my friend to get somebody else to see whatever it was . . . or whoever it was . only now do i realize who it was and how much danger i might be in . i just in awe at it . it felt so familiar . it ' t move for a few before i saw it rock side to side . at first it was slow almost entrancing but then it sped up . it went faster and faster until it almost violent . as it to convulse side to side almost rhythmically its arms slowly to raise up and though the action benevolent i could tell the malicious intent behind it . my stare was cut off from it when my friend the living room talking to me . when i back at it the shadow was gone . i tried to tell my friend what i had seen but she ' t believe me . a week or two after that she got up into the popular and never to me again . i don ' t how it took me so long to realize how stupid i was . i know who that was . i know what that was . though it like death i can associate the name now . he ' s . it to be . there ' s no other explanation . despite nobody believing me i know that it was and he me dead . i can feel him staring at me while i ' m this . the pressure on my neck is almost overwhelming . even now i don ' t know why i don ' t feel fear . it ' s like if your come over and you have no idea their true malevolent but the anxiety of something still happening is still there as you know that they are waiting for the right . . . the exact moment of something to happen . and i think it ' s going to happen once the knocking . peacefully yet lightly i was sound asleep in my bed . the dream i was was so authentic it was nearly impossible to decipher it from reality . just before it was getting to the good part a sweet whisper my name creeping through the slight crack of our bedroom door . xb i around as i was snapped back into reality . i tried to shake off my sleep voice . xb yeah ? ! i say sharply upset at the abrupt ending to my dream . xb can i come in honey ? xb the voice i slowly sat up in my bed struggling against the weakness of sleep that in my . i with a sigh yeah sure . xb she quietly made her way into our room . with heavy and some " " semi my together i barely made out my s figure as she was making her way to my bedside . xb what s wrong ? i with uncertainty . xb i some hesitation as she deliberately made her way through our room . the soft moonlight bleeding through the of our window into the room was not enough to see anything but dark that shaped several and . so i start to reach for the lamp posted right next to my bed to help her see . xb no no no ! don t turn on the light sweety . she quietly sitting on the old rocking chair that between me and my little sister s bed . i then it probably a good idea as my lamp is obnoxiously bright and would most likely wake up my sister . at ease i lay back on the headboard and ask a relevant question . xb what ' s going on ? i try some sleep and from my . it like she is a hard time together i see her looking around searching on how to explain what ' s on her mind . xb she now to slowly rock in the chair . xb i should be you what to your sister . xb my expression suddenly during the last few that peacefully came out of my ' s mouth . my heart a beat and a sinking feeling fell in my stomach . xb wait what ? i look over at my sister ' s bed in confusion wondering if she s . maybe i differently sleep still my head . xb my proceeds don t worry you be xb something my . i can make out through the darkness that she s no longer looking at me but behind me at my bedroom door . i cautiously turn to look at the door only to see long hair and a feminine figure . xb it s my standing at the door . xb who are you talking to honey ? my at the door . xb i slowly turn to look at my still sitting in the rocking chair between the staring at me as if she is waiting for my reply . i carefully yet reluctantly start to reach for the lamp . xb a deep bubbling unearthly voice from the rocking chair you probably don t want to do that . i m not sure who s going to read this and that s fine . this post is more of a warning for those of you who do and maybe i can get some advice along with it . i m not sure if it even at this point all i know is i m out and don t know what to do . i drove that road a thousand times probably no definitely more . every day for i flew around those and could almost navigate it with my closed which is essentially what you re doing when driving at night due to the lack of . so since i knew that road so well i knew all the sharp turns too . luckily or unluckily i guess depending on how you look at it i knew that particular sharp turn was coming up . i my car going around and my on a lump in the road . i still on my but i think more as an impulse rather than an actual necessity and sat in my car staring at the black shape blocking my lane . i to just drive around it and keep going . i to not think about what might be lying motionless coming around that dangerous curve . i to not think about what might be behind a tree waiting for someone to fall victim to the trap they set out . i to do these . but instead i at my wedding ring and . i slowly my car off to the side of the road and sat frozen in my seat weighing the . i knew it t my business and my husband s voice in my head telling me to stay out of it as i my . my gut told me to go to leave but i t . i slowly stepped out of the car and immediately it . the wind was icy against my bare face and my thin sweater t quite enough to keep the chill away from the rest of my body . what the am i doing ? i thought to myself as i the seemingly lifeless mass being lit up by my car s . i could see what it was now and knowing it was a body made me feel to investigate further . what if they were still alive ? what if it was just a ? i had to find out but the closer i got the more my stomach sank . i seen death before we all have . been to . . hell i grew up hunting but something about the cold and the dark t feel right . i stood over the boy s body . he t have been more than and he was in awful shape . his face was bloody and twisted he had a bone sticking out of his leg and i m sure if he t had that puffy winter coat on i would seen another in his arm . as horrible and gut as it was it was also oddly oddly serene . the small pool of blood shone bright in my yellow and his face probably once in pain was now devoid of all feeling and i knew he was at peace . he was dead so i t in a rush per say but i took out my phone to call the police . as i did i thought about the fragility of life how we hold onto it and cherish it and think it s the end . we don t take into account how beautiful and i never got to finish that thought as the whipping around the corner filled my vision and then the world went black again . my on a bright blue sky and i immediately knew where i was . a sense of calm and warmth rushed over me as i stood there and took a deep breath . the air was more fresh than anything i could ever dreamt . i around and t find the sun but still felt it s warmth and light washing over me . i felt at peace . i felt home . it stupid but in that moment when you re standing there taking in the nothingness around you the serenity around you you feel like you belong . you feel like everything you knew before was just to get you to this point . even of my husband and my family back home gave me nothing except what i can describe maybe as bliss and reassurance that one day they too will join me . all the pain that they experience will be worth the beauty that they re going to live with for eternity . i felt a tear bubble in my eye and it away trying to suppress the smile that had taken over my face . but i t and honestly why did i want to ? i was here . it was over . the fluffy white mist around my brought the smile back in full force and one more deep breath was enough to get me ready to start my eternity . slowly turning i that last breath but let it out all at once . i was frozen . the pearly i was before me sat broken and twisted . what i can imagine was once the white was and decrepit . beyond the half open was nothing but darkness . a thick inky black that stood like a wall between the entrance and the land that presumably lay behind . the serenity and peace that radiated through my body was with dread and the horrible feeling of loss . i turned back to the bright blue sky that me to this place without hope that when i turned the image would be reversed and whatever cruel joke this was meant to be would be over but i t so lucky . formed in my for a different reason this time and i felt my body start moving slowly towards the mouth of the darkness that was waiting for me . looking down i it t some supernatural force moving me forward but my were taking one agonizingly slow step at a time almost like would be so by the beauty before them that they would forget basic bodily and this was meant to help them get . inside i felt like i was supposed to take over the walking but i t do anything besides stare at my as the mist dissipated revealing a cracked rocky surface beneath . it took everything in me not to look back up at what i was starting to convince myself was nothing more than a nightmare . i would wake up . i had to wake up . please god let me wake up . as this last thought left my mind i stopped moving . slowly i raised my head and i was about from the dark . i could feel an ungodly cold coming from beyond those and a smell of rot and death . directly to my right was a podium that in its day probably stood around tall but now the stone was cracked and decayed and it stood at about eye level . the remains of a gold bound book stood open hanging off the edge directly in my face . most were torn and burnt or covered in a dried red that i t want to think about but as i stood there shaking uncontrollably to appear on the unscathed and one name in particular caught my attention . my name . my heart and i let out a small cry . i t taken a breath since i turned but i t remember how . i t know if i even to but i t remember how either way . the shaking turned from a small shiver to a full body spasm and my chest until the pain was unbearable . i felt my body start to move forward again as my heart out of my chest . i to to throw up between the dread and anxiety and that smell that to leave my but i t . the cold my body the closer i got and burned my skin . i to cry out again but i on the . the now audible from the were almost completely out by the in my . i think that made it worse though because hearing the faint and made me fill in the myself . my flooded with and they soaked my face so bad that i could barely make out the that were slowly getting bigger and bigger in front of me . the almost had a faint glow through my . the colors together into something almost white and pure . a sick laugh out from my strained throat through the and continued the closer i got . the horrible part of it all is as i was mere from the entrance my and mind me into seeing the glow get and i could almost feel that warmth again over the cold and the peace tried to break down the dread but it was a losing battle . i and and and the last couple on repeat because i knew my delusional fantasy was the i d get to heaven . i deserve this i thought trying to justify in some way what was happening before me . i tried to think of all the wrong i did but t concentrate through the revolving and . i deserve to be in my final thought was cut short by black reaching through the darkness and me within its . i was thrust into complete silence . the and that on the other side of the black wall were gone and it was just me . alone . shaking and shivering i slowly around to try to get a bearing on my surroundings . at first i could just make out that i was in some dark forest seemingly only lit by the non existent moon but the more i from my the more and other came into focus . they were easy to miss at first because they were completely by the . it like there t been anybody there for of and all evidence that this area was once was hanging on by a thread . i to move and explore but honestly the fact that there to be no danger in sight was comforting and i was tired from the stress and anxiety so i just to my back and laid there taking in the silence . i up when the silence was broken by sudden sobbing coming from behind and turned quickly to see a young man probably around standing just inside the entrance weeping into his . i was hesitant thinking this might be some kind of trick so i only backed away slowly and behind the nearest building making sure to never take my off of this new figure just in case . i my breath in anticipation for what felt like as the sobbing grew fainter and fainter and then the were gone altogether . the figure still t but they were silent now and looking around taking in their new surroundings like i did so long ago . i still t sure if this was some kind of trick but i figured i had long enough so i to step out from my place but froze when a distant roar cut through the silent still air . the new arrival off to the right towards the new sound and once again to stream down their face . i was too to move and half out in the open and half behind my wall when something me from behind and violently me back fully behind cover . i turned breathlessly to see a middle aged man with half his face scarred and torn looking me in the with his finger over his pleading with me to be silent . i and timidly but i was shaking so bad that it may have been lost in my other . he put his hand over my mouth and slowly to peak around the corner . after a moment s pause he got about an inch from my face and whispered don t show yourself and keep your mouth shut but look around the corner . i again and to the corner until i could just barely see the new arrival shivering and shaking with still looking off to the right . my vision over there was partially blocked by and a few so i t make out anything but the new arrival clearly could see something because with each passing second their face twisted more and more with fear . i could barely make out what like something running through leaves and panting and then in a blur the new arrival was swept off his and was on his back screaming while something demonic tore at his face while out wet vicious . between the blood drenching the scene and the pathetic it took all i had to hold back and vomit . as fast as i could i put my back against the wall and closed my and covered my trying desperately to drown out the death and for help but i could only do so much . i felt a hand on my shoulder and my without my and my savior for me to follow him quietly . i t think i could move but by the grace of god or you know whatever i him as silently as i could as the for mercy got further and further away . we through more dark forest for i think about an hour . once the were completely out of range we were back in an uncomfortable silence . the only sound was the soft crunching of leaves beneath our as we made our way more tree and moss covered . if i t know any better i d think this was new york or something just after some disaster that out all the people . it was beautiful and extremely at the same time . i tried not to think about it . i to say something to my guide to break the silence but he t even back at me once since we left and what would i say anyway . i just had to follow silently praying that he was actually here to help . eventually the were gone and it like we were actually in what was originally a forest . a couple in we a cliff side and he for me to stop and stood there for a moment with his back to me seemingly trying to remember which way to go . he for me to follow the wall to the right . i t move . i still t fully trust this person honestly i only really him in the first place to get away from whatever the that was back near the entrance . after a minute or so of me not moving he hurriedly came at me what the are you doing ? he said in a mixture of a yell and a whisper . when i t respond because i still ' t he added more calmly a few of us have a from the fae and we really need to move . you need to trust me . sincerity in his momentarily put my mind at ease and i still a bit hesitant along the wall in the direction he . i at a much pace than we did through the since i was in the lead even once in a while looking back at him to make sure he t abandoned me just yet he t . at one point in my shimmy i came up to a patch of and felt him tap on my shoulder . when i back he was pointing at the as though i should just try to walk through . i gave him a quizzical look and froze no longer trusting his direction . clearly he around us and then me out of the way . he shot me one last look shaking his head and then himself into the and . i to follow him . i really did . it like the path but i still froze . could i survive out here on my own ? were there more of those out here ? was this still a test ? if i him was he me to hell ? was that thing tearing me apart some kind of repentance to make it to heaven ? a million through my mind as i stood there like an idiot all by myself completely exposed . i really had no idea what the answer to any of this was but when a familiar demonic roar tore through the silence i my pride and through the . it like i had just stepped into a war bunker . there were about a dozen people standing and lying and sitting around and cut and bloody staring at me and my companion as we stood there . they all gave him without saying anything and away going back to whatever they were doing whether it was tending to the injured some like they were a small batch of food and were and axes . my guide turned to me with a relieved smile on his face we re here . i think you should get a little rest and then we can get some food in you and talk . as he he led me through a small tunnel in the left side of the cavern and brought me to what was essentially makeshift with a few trashy looking and some lined up on the floor . you don t need to sleep often so there s no real assignment so just choose whichever one your eye . he stood in the center of the sleeping room with his arms and a seemingly forced friendly smile waiting for me to enter but i t . i t . i t want to sleep . i t want to rest i just to know what the was going on . after a few he his arms and the smile faded from his face . he no sleep just yet i guess ? i could barely even bring myself to look up at him but i slowly shook my head while staring at the floor . he towards me and put his on my i up and was a little to see what like genuine sympathy on his face . i know how hard this is . i had to come here once too and i was . you re in a safe place though we been fighting from here since i set it up ago . i averted my from his as they to water . he if you don t want to rest i can answer anything you want to know now . if that s what you would rather do of course . i gave a single nod still looking away and he led me to a bed and sat me down . he took the seat opposite me shoot . he said clearly trying and failing to maintain a cheery demeanor . it took me a second but i decided to ask what was probably the most important question where am i . he slightly and relaxed a bit which i found odd because he had to expect this to be the first question . you re in heaven then after seeing my face twist continued i guess it s really what used to be heaven . t been heaven for the forty i been here and i met a couple people who were here for and before me and from what i can gather heaven t really been a thing for a little over a thousand . my heart sunk a little bit . i guess i was that this was hell or purgatory not that i hoped i was headed for hell but at least that would be some explanation . i and t want to ask the next question but i had to . is this it ? the man gave me a look so i is this all there is ? you said what used to be heaven so is this it or is there actual heaven somewhere farther along ? he let out a long breath and i could see his face twist a bit in discomfort . as far as i know this is it . i personally gone of out and have to who have gone farther and it s all like this . former completely grown over and those you saw havoc . he and gave me a second to process this . shockingly i was though . maybe as soon as he said this was in fact heaven i had just lost hope . it t matter if there was a better part or not because those were out there . what the was that that that . he a little taken aback maybe there s usually an order to the and people want to hear more about how there s no hope that something better is waiting for them but nonetheless he himself those are fae . fae ? i interrupted like another word for ? he cracked a smile but there was no joy behind it . over the fae these little pixie in and yeah sometimes that s what they are but the majority are what you just saw . i think he to continue but i had to interrupt again are you telling me are real . what the . his smile a little more amused now heaven s real so why is that so weird ? i my mouth to respond but stopped myself . that made sense i guess . i let him continue so most of this information i m getting secondhand so forgive me if anything is incorrect but from what i understand fae were once . specifically they were part of the group of with another group down to hell namely and his little horde of . from there i don t know something where a bunch were trapped on earth and into these grotesque . he stopped for a second to let me respond but i just to listen . there s a reason our told so many about and and that go bump in the night those were the fae . but now they re here . my mouth was extremely dry which was weird because i was dead but i was able to croak out . so then how did they get here . he got up and to the far side of the room where there was a little water cooler and me a cup . he handed it to me when he came back saying you have to drink and eat here like on earth . you won t die but your strength will diminish . once you get used to it it s about once a week but you have to work up to that . i him and drank the entire glass in one gulp . he got me another glass and then sat back down . i m not sure how they got back here . maybe god was gone or dead before they returned and the or maybe they found some way in and him or drove him out . i don t have the and i met was here to see it so it s just guess work . he again and trying to collect himself . all i know is now god s gone . now the are gone . now there s no salvation from those . we just have to run and hide and fight . this last part to really get to him . i t really find the so i behind the glass of water and we sat for a few in silence . what s your name . was the only thing that came to mind . he t seem to be paying attention though so he t answer . i put my hand on his knee . how long have you been here ? he down at my hand and then up at me what year did you die ? . i . he away for a moment and then back since so i guess . he a bit . wow . he over my shoulder and a million away . i was when i . i finally caught up . i waved my hand to break his trance and he his on me like he forgot i was there . do you not have time up here ? no we do but it a lot faster so i m never sure how many earth it s been as best as i can estimate it s about but who . it t matter i guess i just like to ask the year . he from me down to his and got lost in thought . i decided to ask again what s your name . he me this time i could tell . his face the bit when i but all he said was it s not smart to give just yet . let s see if you stay here . what is here ? i like this specific place . he slightly well there s a few to heaven like the one you came in through that the pass through . we decided to set this up when i that the fae were out the and the newly dead . we did this to try to get everyone to safety if we can . so you can leave whenever you would like i just to get you away from them first . d . . . do you think those will kill me . i panic washing over me . based on his expression i could only assume i just the question he d ever . you re already dead lady . you die again ? i to ask more but my got cut off by shouting from back towards the main room . my unnamed guide up and my arm this should answer a lot for you . he me back through the small passage to the entrance where there was a mad scramble of . they were scrambling but it t seem like anyone was in much of a panic which odd to me . the scramble was less that and more an organized hive moving together . i t really tell but it like they were carrying something . they it down in the corner opposite of me and amongst themselves for a while before most of the group dispersed . i stood where i was trying to figure out what it was because it just like a red blob . i unnamed man was still holding my arm and me closer to the blob to get a better look and still it was just nothing . i at my guide confused . take a good look at it . he . i did . and then shook his grasp and fell down in horror when i what i was looking at . it was the new arrival what was left of him at least . just basically his head neck and some . what the actual is wrong with you people . i out looking around . they me for the most part a few shooting me sympathetic but my guide had a stern look on his face . . . . what is this ? i trying my best to compose myself . i think you know who this is . he said not looking away from the blob . i know who this is i what the this was . why is this here ? before he could answer a loud gasp came from the mass of red . i farther away . i repeated as made their way into my . my guide turned away from the blob as it to sputter and spit out blood . he came over to me and knelt down offering his hand to help me up . i it away . a playful smile spread across his face . i you to see this . he said back at the now fully breathing pile of body . we can t die again . we can be torn apart and but we heal . it like he was trying to comfort me but his face told another story . it s horrific . there s a reason we run and hide and fight . because if we don t this . and you feel every second of it . i could barely breathe . i certainly t speak but when he his hand again i took it . look i been here he and but maybe you should talk to another . he to a in the corner . immediately i the face and my body grew cold . a boy about over to us with a bit of pep henry can you talk to our new comer for a bit let her know what s going on from someone who just went through it himself . my guide . the boy with a smile and my guide made his way over to the body and sat down and to talk but i t make it out . hi i m henry . the boy . i t look at him . i got sick to my stomach when i did . i only been here a couple days but and the rest really make this process so much easier if you let them . he continued but i still t look . i t answer for a moment and i could hear him shuffle uncomfortably as he lightly touched my shoulder i m sorry i know it s hard trust me . i was hit by a car right before my th birthday . he let out a laugh this is hard it . but that s why we have to stick together . i a couple more and faced him . as soon as i fully took in his face the dominated my . he me . it s we get through this . i him away . you did this to me . i the from my and even i for the first time they were of anger and not sadness . i could tell he was confused so i continued i found your body on the street . i got out to look . you me . he took his off me and to the ground . the pain i could see on his face made me soften . i . i m so sorry . if i t been out that late we d both still be alive and not in this nightmare . i m sorry . he to walk away but i him and gave him a hug . i know my anger was . this was just a in the wrong place at the wrong time and now he s in the same hell that i am . why be mad at something that t his fault . i m just glad i found you . none of this is on you . i finally said as he wept softly into my shoulder . i him out to arms length so we could look at each other . honestly this is on those who ran us down . we both and it felt good . it genuinely felt good to see him smile after i his . that good feeling was short lived though as shouting behind me near the entrance of the cave . i spun around to see fae tearing apart anybody who rushed them . i only saw them for a second but their image is still burned in my and i see them coming i close my . one was huge and i think must have been what the was based on with a deformed human body holding up a giant bull s head with blood flying from the one good horn and the cracked horn that it . on the other side was something out of the mind of tearing into any with the innumerable that surrounding giant black and a beak like mouth . the one in the middle and the one i assume was the leader of this small band was nothing more than pitch black skin tightly over a thin skeleton towering over his and everyone else in the room . it had a bat like face and was covered in blood screeching as it swung its clawed easily through anyone who approach . each one ragged black that definitely no longer them . the in this small cave stood no chance against the . they fought hard but one by one they were torn apart . as the blood and flew around the room i felt a hand pull my arm and i knew who it was . without hesitation i spun to see my guide holding the red blob . he me back towards the and through a part of the cave wall i t seen before . the and tearing and screaming behind us was sickening but i without breaking stride until we were back out of the cave running through the . i the man henry as through the for maybe a mile maybe more maybe less through the cold dark air tightly what would happen if i were to fall behind or trip on anything . when we finally stopped running under the of a few giant tipped over . i t get my heart to stop beating out of my chest and my shaking made it hard to focus on anything he was trying to say to me . for a few he whispered uselessly to me until finally henry my and me in the . hey i read his we re safe now . nothing s going to hurt you . towards the end of his sentence i to hear him again and i was able to shake myself into focus . gave henry a smile beaming with pride and then turned to me don t worry about a thing . we re going to go back for them tomorrow and then we set up a new base . they be . most of those we left behind have been through much worse . what he was saying was clearly supposed to be reassuring and i was about to respond but was stopped when the blob screaming in pain . a hand had to emerge from its side and it was clearly not a pleasant experience . i had to cover my and turn away . ran down my face as the screaming to fade . i a little longer before turning to see whispering into the blob s ear . the now open were bloodshot and in obvious heartbreaking pain . i got into a fetal position and curled up as tight as i could . eventually i felt myself being . i there for a second and back slowly to see henry s big staring back at me holding back himself . he mature for a year old . maybe it was the week or so he d been here if s were correct obviously . we each other s gaze for a few as continued his whispering . i think we both knew what the other was thinking and that was a comforting thought . i again went to say something but i a roar in the distance and bit my tongue . henry me closer to the and his hand over the blob s mouth . time to stand still as we all for another cry from the . finally a gasp from broke the silence . i over in time to see him pull his hand away from the mouth clearly bitten . in the split second i over the blob let out another bloodcurdling scream . henry dove over and covered up . but the damage was done . the scream from the blob was by one from about away from us . henry shot me one last look and then sprung up and . he only made it about before the him in the back with his good horn and shook violently blood all over the surrounding area until henry flew off and hit a nearby tree with a sickening crunch . and i our breath as the fae turned to us . i saw its slightly pull back revealing jagged blood and flesh covered teeth . the next thing i saw was a bright light shining from above . it hit my like the sun but way too close . the world was silent for a moment and the light was my only companion . but soon everything gradually coming back . i felt a hard surface below me first . then soon i and the light above me was by red and blue flashing . the white light above was to the side and with a young woman s . ma am ? ma am can you hear me ? she repeated a few times . it took me a second to remember what the meant but eventually i slowly and painfully . thank god . we got her grab the stretcher quickly and be careful . that was ago . i had been than henry . the driver that ran me down had stopped and as soon as they the . i had been dead for about . . . . i had gone through all that in earth time . after i left the hospital i could barely function . i really given up on everything . i my husband with barely an explanation . nothing to really matter . do i trust that i had been to heaven ? was that really hell or purgatory and i been tested ? was that a hallucination ? i don t know . it too real to be the latter . i close my it s too real to be the latter . i m sitting here writing this in the dark alone drinking away the because this is all i have left . maybe there s no advice i can ask for to fix this . no matter what this is a warning . we re all . xb part five . in the past three five from my town have gone missing with each of their found abandoned in various over the city tightly wrapped in a sheer plastic sheet . we that we were dealing with the same psychotic maniac when the third girl ' s body was also found with a missing ring finger . that ' s right an entire finger neatly chopped off . the most part ? no not even a single thumbprint or a strand of hair to fall back on . i have never seen such a spotless crime scene before . we have gone back to the of these countless times to gather any piece of evidence that we might have all to no avail . it was almost as if nobody even that room . each case would follow the same pattern a frantic call that a friend or a daughter had gone missing a spotless room and maybe a week later the body of the victim found in the most random but visible enough to make a statement . we the pattern down on the too teenage between the of seventeen and nineteen shoulder length brunette hair and wide . whoever this monster was he or she certainly had a type . i have in the station sometimes not going back home for three days straight going over past to see if anything similar would come up . . the only thing keeping me from the verge of going overboard would be my or rather as of recently josh . i don ' t mean to be that that is married to her job but his proposal could not have come at a worse time . don ' t get me wrong josh is a dream come true . he is the most understanding partner one could ask for given the craziness that comes with being a homicide detective . he ' s truly one of a kind a jack of all too as he works as a writer but secretly a gifted musician . the proposal the night i returned after yet another unfruitful day at work i returned to a house lit with nothing but and the love of my life on his knee . i don ' t know if it was the or how i was but i ' t stop crying until josh practically me like a child and sang ' s " fly me to the moon . " which is my one of my of his . after saying yes i lay awake in bed debating whether i ' d die from the work pressure of catching a serial killer or a wedding . a week later we received another call a frantic one one that we were all too familiar with . tamara bailey was an eighteen year old graduate to head to on scholarship missing . we the crime scene and yet again nothing . exactly three days later we received a call from a owner who his day off with a corpse covered in plastic wrap atop of all the that were to be crushed that day . needless to say it was tamara in ways that we ' t recognize her and a missing ring finger . the killer was now working faster than before . we sent the corpse for post and after a heavy conversation with tamara ' s family i drove straight home . josh me with a glass of wine . " by any chance do you read ? " i him hugging to get over this terrible day . " only yours " he said kissing the top of my head . i off my and sat in our living room couch the wine glass on the coffee table . " ! " josh from behind . he was kind of an obsessive neat freak but who am i to complain ? not even five had before my partner me up me to hurry to the station as we might have a lead . i ran out of the house and sped my way back . a lead ! it was the first ray of hope in the time . once i i was informed that one of tamara ' s close had come to the station saying she received a on her phone the night tamara was . she ' t checked her phone due to the numerous and from getting on her about tamara . my team figured that tamara might have tried to call in the split second that she had to herself but it went straight to her friend ' s since she in the wee of the night . there it was the breakthrough in three a three minute recording that could save the future of this town . " it ' s not very pleasant " my partner informed me as i put on the . there was a strange itch in the back of my neck . " gemma gemma i i don ' t know where i am " tamara ' s voice came through in panicked . " he ' s taken me somewhere it ' s dark i i " her voice into a scream we the phone swinging away from her because it landed with a thud . it like an underground cave with the way her voice . the recording got faint and what came was a disturbing sound of flesh being multiple times until tamara ' s were no longer . and then came the part it was the sound of a piano being . the itch in the back of my neck came back . it was incoherent multiple at once yet somehow beautiful . then finally a voice and a tune one that i knew all too well . " fly me to the moon and let me play among those . . . " said landsman . what do you think he s doing with them ? i t reply . i simply down at the dead woman whose chest cavity had been unceremoniously open . like the rest her heart had been removed with surgical precision in stark contrast to the brutality that had her like . i and rubbed my head . i suppose you can ask him that when you catch him i . do it before my shift tomorrow and i buy you a beer . you re leaving ? said landsman . are i said . and besides it s bedtime . he shook his head but said nothing . i under the evidence tape and into my unmarked vehicle . the ride home was silent . when i the sun had already set and darkness was rapidly creeping in . i checked my watch only a few late . i unlocked the door and inside . my wife was on the living room sofa watching . dinner s cold she said without looking up . and she s waiting for you . i relaxed a bit and made my way down the hallway toward my daughter s room . the door open and i myself to put some oil on the when i had the time . hey sweetheart i said tentatively . turned her sleepy head . tight in her little arms was her favorite bear a brown plushy that was even bigger than her . we had bought it to stop the once the . it had only moderate success . hi daddy she said . the air between us was tense . did you catch him yet ? she . i shook my head . i saw about the woman on the news she went on . i t supposed to be watching but i saw it . i and sat down on the corner of the bed . we catch him soon i said . promise ? promise . i bent down and her on the forehead and she rolled over and was soon snoring . i watched her for a while lost in thought . truth be told we had a pretty good idea of who was behind the but no idea where to find him . the prime suspect was surgical intern at the local hospital by the name of brown . he ended up cracking under pressure and was fired from his job for stealing . threatening suicide he had been to the very same hospital at which he had once worked and just before the . but so far all of our intensive turned up nothing . my head buzzing with a million i could not solve i stood up and went back to the living room . come to bed tonight ? i my wife . she said nothing . my answer . two and four of whiskey later i had fallen into an uneasy sleep . my were not pleasant . the next morning i awoke to my phone alarm with a sigh . the sky was a pallid gray as i drove into work . i decided that i could afford to be a little late and that i would stop by the toy store for another bear to both comfort my daughter and thaw my wife s icy mood . yet when i got to the store it was closed . i could see from the parking lot that the had all been torn out . that s odd . t the store only just open a few ago ? i out of my unmarked and went up to the large display now empty and devoid of . i my face to the glass . my stomach . i for the radio on my belt and it in then i went back to the trunk of my car a tire iron and the lock . i ran in that there was still time to render aid . but as i drew closer i saw that it was far too late for that . the body was pale and the blood had already dried . the chest had been open and the heart removed . but the worst part was that i the body . it was brown . by the time we put it together the owner of the store was long gone . the name he had used to register the business to a dead guy . at first i was upset that we t caught him . a couple days later i found a better reason to be upset . that was when we found out what he had been doing with the hearts . that was when the to smell like rotting flesh . . . r hcymq i hunt reverse seven hundred in blood ? medium android source ? i had no idea what that was at the time . whatever it was it was enough to scare . i at and she was as confused as i was but pale . his face was one of fear . quickly his composure and stepped forward toward the . " my . i should have know from the aura of arrogance off your ! " with a helping hand of sarcasm . " oh quiet fool ! " the spat " i the moral of the just as much as your precious ! " it was at this moment i the hint of a german accent . it all finally . " he ' s a ! " i out . were always the bad . i should have caught it sooner . just ' t get rid of them ! there was a suspended silence as the all the and the rest just turned to look at me . i decided i should probably keep my to myself for the time being . " reformed you little ! " the said to me . " you can ' t blame me for the brainwashing the did to me when i was young . " " it ' t matter . i ' make a deal with you ! " said the woman . " i kill your fighter and you let us leave . you know this world is too small for us not to cross again eventually . you take your chump change bounty and re establish your rule in the area we leave our mission and no war between . " " you overestimate your prowess and importance to your clan . i don ' t think will go to war with group for killing one during an off the grid mission " " but " she her head " as much as i despise cattle it ' s ' t be their fault you got them . " she let out a melodious laugh " may have issue with me killing off their . " " i agree to your ! " the boy interrupted . at him furiously but her tongue . " if you beat me you and the cattle live . " " this is idiotic " said waving her in a sweeping gesture at everything around us . " we did all of this for " " shut your mouth you woman ! " the brat back his red aura flickering about him in anger . " or should i tell your master about this disrespect ? " her throat and down at the ground his stare . the red burning on him to die down before he turned back to . " order them not to interfere " pointing to the three of us . " ! " said " put four on four ! we will kill your best and let the rest of you off with a warning ! " i saw already had razor wire wrapped around her hand . the rest ran back into a spool on her belt . " stop ! " . " have faith in our teacher " he . " we won ' t interfere . " spoke like he knew would win but i suspected something else . was . " then begin " the boy said as he two small out to carry in both . he a button on them and they to glow a hot red . " they are self heating and cause burning damage . this them a good melee weapon against other . it also me to get in close and experience every little detail on my face . do you want one ? " both out from behind his back . he too a button and a low hum to emit from them . he touched both together and they sparked like live jumper . " i have my too " said back . " i tell you " from his position on his beside behind " i still hate you but i want to see a fellow brother from teach this uppity gringo . " and rushed in towards . the boy deftly back and fourth out of the path of ' s . he almost made it look easy like doing the rope a dope in his prime . we all expanded outwards a couple of to give the dueling pair more room to be getting with his nimble foe . he still landed a blow as he forced the tiny in a backwards circle . angry a handful of dirt up into ' s . froze long enough for to get very close to him . had to throw up a scalpel to block the swinging machete . sparks flew and as electricity arched through his body when making contact with his scalpel . ' s other machete came across in an arch to slice off the hand was to block the first machete . and back as his left hand tumbled to the dirt still holding the glowing scalpel . took advantage of the boy ' s confusion and swung both in an overhand arch meaning to dismember both arms off the boy ' s body . and sliced like lightning towards on his left hand as he swung . the flew off and the machete just off of shoulder doing minimal damage . the other machete strike cut deep into ' s collar bone . once again the electricity through the boy ' s body but he was not this time . this time and sliced as ' s weapon was still stuck in collar bone . was forced to release his weapon to retreat from the fury of he was from the scalpel . when he stepped back i saw his gut was burnt meat he had a slice across his face that a right eye and left glowing . i could smell burning flesh and for the first time i feared for ' s life . the machete out of his shoulder and it aside . he his slow stalk towards the weaponless . already ' s left hand and shoulder were completely . " i ' m all ready all better " said as he rotated his shoulder . " sure you don ' t want to trade up for one of my ? " ' t healing because of the burn damage and his first machete was behind . saw him eying it and stepped in its path to block it from . but had to get it so he forward . with a of and tried to knock off balance . kept jabbing and slicing between . steaming blood the ground . ' s forward momentum carried him when his body gave out . he forward to crash in the dirt face first in front of the machete he was after . just side stepped him and let him fall . " not what you was it ? " as he away from ' s body to turn on his heel and face him again . and had switched . now was to us with his back turned while was further facing us and behind him . the wolf man lobo stood off to the side while his the circle . we all were quiet i could hear grunting as he to stand up his machete for balance . i saw looking at us as we worried for him . i could see that he made eye contact with on the other side of . i saw him mouth something to . she later told me she could read and he had her . he told her " pop grenade . " now the next hundred all at once so try to keep up . after three ' s dark grenade went off and and in a silen darkness . saw these from from across the way and and pointed at thinking it was an escape attempt . all the and lobo turned to their attention to us . at the same time was not so easily distracted . he rushed after and rushed after him . ' s blade raised above his head . at the last second before the two ' t press the attack . he swung too early to down harmlessly in front of the oncoming . on his lead foot to turn in the opposite direction towards and . ' s swing turned into the momentum of a upward strike . i saw ' s and ' s bulge as came close i saw a flash of movement as lobo to protect his mistress i saw right on about to strike . all within the same split second three landed one right after the other . the first strike was slicing off the kneeling ' s head . the machete cleaving most of ' s face off in an upward angle . the upward momentum of the strike to swing back down and swipe back down behind himself in an attempt to hit with the same attack he had just with . but was to fast and to close for to complete the attack . the second strike was into while his machete was low stabbing deep in the gut making him crumple inwards . the third was lobo coming in with a giant battle axe to chop off ' s head from the side . never had a chance to defend against these . he made a gamble on a flashy maneuver and . but i saw the look of peace on ' s face as it fell to roll besides ' s his a visage of terror . i guess if ' t making it back he would make sure ' t making it either . then everything off . i ' be back soon with the next update . i ' got the to of . also i love being your sole narrator but me and the team decided this all needs to be and i don ' t know everything . would you want some by and ? part . . r hoskd i hunt reverse vampire ? medium android source grandma sammy stupid yeah ? that s what i thought before i it and the is real . being a teen as usual we came up with dumb because we were . in a friend group you usually have the weird one the smart one the tough and the jokester . well unfortunately i had all of them . in the of my house we had like giant . my weird friend brought up a game grandma sammy he you must summon her and follow all her and be the last to survive a bunch of . we all . he absolutely deranged . but we agreed to go tomorrow at midnight for the fun of it . the next day . it was when i getting ready i made sure to bring a flashlight some and i snuck my pistol while they were sleeping that old fool thought i t know the code to the box anyways they all at my house as we all walking into the . the wind was heavy and nature was silent . i was pretty paranoid and my . we finally to the area . me and the watched as our friend set it up . it was and he still t finished . hey man are you with us ? i . this to be perfect ! sammy t want a mess . . he snapped back i could see he was sweating . he also slightly nervous . there it s done . . ! he said a slight tremble in his voice he took a deep breath as he stood of it . grandma sammy we have to play your game greet is with your presence ! he out his voice . nothing . we all at him with a disappointed look . i swear it he said before something hit him in the back of the head . what the help was that ? i stood walking over to see if he was . we all it was a big dusty brown book we it off it read in big bold we all at all of us our terror . what the did you bring me to ? ! one of them said his shaking . it s all right ! i put my hand on his back it . i took the book from s hand opening it . more dust hit my face as i . i read . rule number never try to leave once the game begun leaving will result in death . rule number granny will always be watching don t upset her rule number she will always try to trick you do not fall for her . rule number do not make any noise if you do pray that she t hear it . rule number stay with your you have a better chance of surviving with them . rule number you must survive until am . rule number if you hear breathing behind your neck . run . rule number she will become more deformed the more time she can also smell your blood . be careful . . rule number if your friend to die and their body is surrounded by smoke get away immediately . rule number at the end the will burn down . get out of there before that . the last victim . the writing at the end to get more messy and frantic i felt dread i to leave . but i can t . we have minute before it . . whispered . why are you whispering . i . just in case . he . minute later . we all around making sure to watch our . we saw a white paper on a tree . i it reading it . it read there s no hope . we all blankly at . and that s when s went off it went off loudly in the . he frantically to try to turn it off . we all shuffling behind us . run ! my friend slightly whispered as we all ran . was out of shape so he was behind us all . we ran to a big tree behind it . then came out of the dark panting . that almost got us . . i whispered . just before we watched get into the darkness and the last thing we was his shriek and flesh being eaten . we all to run tripping over and sticks i could hear one of my friend crying . we been running for about sometimes we here our friend calling out for us . one of my said they were out of here we told him not to leave but he t listen . we were walking around when i found another note . it read don t trust your they t who they seem . . i back at my friend his and head were . let s just leave . . he said i could still see his . i took a couple back dropping the paper . my friend read it then back up at me . oh so you found out . . he said as he came out of his skin to reveal his demonic body he had black leather like skin and his spine was out of his skin . i to run i him right behind me i took a quick glance back he was on all . i around in my pocket taking out the handgun i stopped as he leapt for me i fired a shot into his skull . he . presumably dead i running sammy would find me . about a hour later . it s and everywhere i go i hear breathing and whispering . if someone this please come help me or call the police . . i been paraplegic for six now . this is the story of what the weekend before my to go numb . i don t hold any about that time in my life . it s hard going from walking to being dependent but i know i hold some of the blame . the did everything they could . they stuffed and stuck me with so many i like a man made . but nothing fixed me . in between the i just out the window . by afternoon i t bend my arms or . the muscle were too intense . and the worst part was that st . s hospital a playground . i watched those swing their from bar to bar their at the miracle . freedom only to those who t have it . as i watched them i for my last night of normalcy . me and two a ride with some older to the trail in town . as they sat in the parking lot and drank beer out of a pickup truck me and my into the forest . we t have a plan . was the one who and was on board immediately . none of them knew what to do with the but that t the point . when you re and your head like a balloon are the only thing that really make sense . it was the same reason those swung from monkey bar to monkey bar . my window watching was interrupted by a voice at the door . ? i turned to look but the sudden movement sent shock down my back . the woman was half as tall as the doorway with a back that arched above her forehead . she cautiously like the floor would cave at any moment . she was wearing a robe made of a thin purple fabric . it ran from the of her down to her . she t speak again until she was sitting down next to me . nice to meet you she said my name is madame green . is this a good time ? i . speaking too much energy . your aunt me she said she told me you help . i remember looking at my in the corner but she was asleep . i was on my own . i m just going to hold your hand for a minute madame green said . she over and laced her through mine . her hand was cold with sweat . she over and put her forehead on my . i knew what this woman was supposed to be . my aunt had a knack for finding spiritual on . as she transferred her invisible into my frozen body i thought back on that night . and i into the until the older " behind us . at night the trail was too hard to follow so we made our own path . we through the poison ivy and pricker as we a cigarette from s sister . when we at the clearing we stood at the tree line and at the strange patch of earth . the field which swelled at the center was the size of a football field . it was empty except for the tree . it stood tall in the pregnant grass shaped like a lightning bolt . it t have any leaves or . it was all bark dark and twisted like the hand of a demon . madame green s voice broke me out of my trance . she upset . no please she whispered . her hand was shaking . i closed my . i tried to picture that night again . i don t remember whose idea it was . when you re that age show up like they had been around for a thousand bad logic strung from to since the beginning of time . we t mean to hurt anyone or any thing . madame green s voice rose to a yell . we become what we destroy she said . i at my for help but she was still asleep . i so badly to stand up and leave . madame green s voice and my memory of the tree a single thing like a snake eating its own tail . but i t move . i was trapped in that bed my body like a sack of mud . she repeated the phrase again and again . we become what we destroy . maybe i should have stopped and . as they buried the into the mud around the tree i . the sticks to multiply inside s . there were of them all beneath the . as ran around and lit each fuse and i ran for cover . as the burned down caught up to us and we into the dirt like . the and and yellows lit the night as a bright line through the trunk of the tree . through the empty dark . we watched as the color traveled through the then in a cloud of smoke . when the tree into the grass i to feel it . i felt the feeling again as madame green my hand . it was a gradual feeling like a chill walking from the small of your back to your neck . it was rich and red like anger . laying in the grass beside and i had become incredibly angry . but it t my anger . it was the anger of a stranger . the anger of someone lost . it s here madame green said it s in you . it s here . as she repeated it my woke up . her body shot upward . she was on her before her . she for a nurse as she the old woman by her long shirt and dragged her to the exit . i watched her leave out the corner of my vision . she was mouthing the as she slipped into the hallway . it s here . i just had a nightmare but it was after i ' d already up . my always start with something not working . i be in the middle of an otherwise pleasant dream but then i ' try to do something simple like flip a light switch . except when i do it nothing the switch is broken . suddenly i m back in my childhood bedroom the t working . i go to the bathroom even though i know what s going to happen . i turn the faucet and it t work . i look at myself in the mirror and see the door behind me about to trap me in the darkness . i throw myself towards the door feel the door crushing me as i struggle to keep it open and push through the crack . i manage to squeeze out . i m back in my bedroom the still don t work . i can feel it with me in the room and it ' s angry with me . i crawl under my and i wait to wake up . i had this nightmare regularly since i was old . minor change but it ' s more or less always the same dream always the same outcome . i ' always to escape when it there ' s been times where i ' felt like it was with me when i ' been awake . usually i wake up at night and i feel it in the room with me . i hide under my and try to ignore the feeling and fall back asleep . when i was i once tried to make myself feel better by my dog to sleep in my room . the next time it came i to where she usually slept but i t feel her . i felt her standing at the foot of my bed i over and saw her staring at the empty room and then i her growl . i could how angry it was that i ' d brought her to my room . up until this morning this was the experience of my life . i m now i out my dog long since away . i don t have the and haven t felt it for . i convinced myself that the incident with my dog and all the other times where i ' felt its presence were either just more or my imagination . i thought it was all behind me . this morning i was in the bathroom i was reaching for the faucet and it turned on before i touched it . one of the above the mirror . i felt it . i threw myself for the door in a panic . the door was already closed so i twisted the handle my shoulder into it and as hard as i could . there was no resistance the door swung open like it normally does and i into the hall feeling confused . i still felt it the faucet was still on and the was still out . i put my hand on the door handle and into the bathroom to turn off the faucet and just after i turned the faucet off i felt the door start to push against my hand . it was only for a moment but it was there . i could feel the presence was there too than i ' d ever felt it before and for the first time it felt . i ' m . i keep trying to convince myself i ' m sleeping but i ' made myself coffee and sat down at my computer and this all out . my ' t wake up for another . oddly enough i think she ' believe me if i tell her but i don ' t want to . i ' m afraid if i do then she ' s going to be able to feel it too . i feel so guilty that i ' potentially exposed her to this thing that won ' t leave me alone . i don ' t know what to do . xb i down on my screen the time was am . i should get some sleep . i to myself as i my from my and turned my phone off after scanning my one last time . the cold had my room so much so that i was shivering even under a duvet . no amount of tossing and turning would help me get comfortable . dogs had begun barking down our street it was all i could focus on . after what felt like an eternity of this i was grateful to have my phone buzz and illuminate that i had received a new notification . a new had been by joe rogan well might as well i thought to myself as i up and punching in my password . i had just when i received a new notification it was from mum . the text read are you awake ? thinking that i had surely her with my constant and shifting of and i quickly with yeah i can ' t i received another message my heart stopped i someone in the house . i erased my message and what ? can u hear sum ? ? i no response . i quietly crept out of bed and tried to listen for anything but even the dogs were now silent and i could hear my heart pounding in my chest as i . after a couple of painful someone hello you have triple zero . what emergency service do you require ? i there ' s someone in my house . i need the police ! send the police ! i whispered hurriedly welling in my . i am now you with the police . they will be with you soon sir . he said in a thick accent sir i need you to talk to me the police are on their way . are you in a safe place ? i was shaking my out there she ' s not to my i . i was shaking violently as i slowly twisted the door knob it upwards with all my strength to stop it from so loudly . i stay on the phone but i i can t speak right now sir you need to get to a safe place and wait for the police . creeping forward into the darkness i thought about my phone as a light but thought better of it . mum ? ! i whispered into the dark . i my hand lightly on the wall to guide myself being careful not to knock a picture frame off the wall . i made my way slowly down the hall from my room to my mum ' s room at the other end adjacent to the bathroom . i sped up as i got when i a sickening smack i fell on the wall at my toe . i had stubbed it on the doorframe to my ' s room my shut and together in a grimace of pain . i up and that her door was open . i crept into her room her had been aside . i turned around bang bang bang police ! open up ! i my phone and to the front door back beside my room and saw my mum throwing the door open and explaining through that she ' t find anyone . i ran to my mum and through my arms around her her chest rapidly expanding and like a frightened animal caught in a snare and we were taken outside while three our home . thanks for us tonight we will be out of your hair by tomorrow mum said in a hoarse voice . oh it ' s no bother stay as long as you need ! our elderly were very hospitable and had fixed us tea to help us calm down . they let us have the pull out bed but i knew i ' t be sleeping . the next day we returned home the said they ' t found anything but nevertheless we were both shaken . do you feel like you can go to school today ? frankly i would rather go to school than be at home alone while mum ' s at work yeah i be fine she soberly and we our days as if nothing had . mum picked me up from school greeting me with all the latest gossip about her work and how she deserved a raise for up with their . that one way conversation until we were home and walking through the front door when she less talkative . pouring myself a glass of water i felt stupid like we ' t made a huge deal out of nothing last night . i drained my glass and back to my room as mum turned the television on to the news my door gently as the news anchor read out eight more dead in an ongoing police standoff with school shooter for more i turned around and a creak looking at the ceiling where the noise came from i got . my slowly down and came to my bed . i slowly to my and my head to peer underneath . don t be a pussy i said to myself and shook it off . i threw my school bag down and got in bed and put my in and into unconsciousness . i woke up to the joe rogan it was the new episode i was going to watch the previous night . it ' s really horrible man i mean . . i to flick the bedside light on when i thought i a noise outside my room i one headphone out so i could listen . yeah joe i just can t imagine what those must be going through . the last headphone out and carefully stepping out of bed i crept to the door . i the tap running briefly and the familiar of a box of cereal being shaken and . i my door a loud creak the . i down the hall at my mum ' s room and the door was closed . i made a right and into the living room which was dimly lit by a light coming from the kitchen . i felt my chest wind tight and my breathing become labored . i into the kitchen the was open and there was a box of on the island counter . the at me . my skin in and a shaky m mum ? my . i slowly rounded the corner of the island slowly looking down . a man skinny and demented panicky in tattered clothes sitting deathly still and staring right at me against the counter with pleading . i and got out of there i ' t think i just left . i said in a monotone voice and that s all you remember ? the officer incredulous we the man do you know he was living in your ceiling for three ? i t respond . the officer and the nurse he s had enough let the boy rest the officer got up and pocketed his and pen if you remember anything don ' t hesitate to give us a call and . . i m i m sorry about your he gave the nurse a nod and left . the nurse left the door behind her . i still see those in the darkness hate filled and . i wish i never found him . this might be a different story to what i used to write . if you do not know who i am i write about people s with creepy and unnatural . so this time i decided to write about my own story . this story when i was i was at home in the small town of freedom pa . i live in a small neighborhood with only surrounded by some . when i was airing at home i was alone . my went to a bar leaving me behind since they were hanging with their i got used to this since this was a event . as i was there i a knock on the door i t think this was scary because i my friend for him to come over . as i went to the door i something as if it ran a marathon catching it s breath . i out in the peephole trying to see if i could see who was outside making that noise . i was unable to see what that noise was . i got a phone call soon after it was my friend . he stated he was going to be late because his tire on his car and he to replace it . i told him to be careful since it was late at night . as i was walking back to the gaming room where i was originally in . i the knocking again . only this time it came from the back door . i tried it this time so i went back to the gaming room . the knocking stopped for an hour then it up again . i my baseball bat ready to swing at anything that t . luckily it was just him at the door . i the bat near the kitchen and i let him in . i told about the knocking but he t believe me . he said i was since i was a horror game . however a couple into our game we both a knocking . but we both a different knocking . i it from the front door and he it in the back door . i t figure out what was happening because we both different knocking . we tried to brush it off as our imagination from horror all night but we t . the knocking went on and on we were getting tired of it . just then my phone rang it was my . they said they were just going to sleep at a house . and i both agreed that would stay over since we were both at that point . we were getting thirsty so we both got up and a couple of mountain . we were both because the knocking stopped we both decided to check the back door to see if we saw anything . the way my house is set up is the kitchen table is next to a window that we can see the back door from . we sat down at the table and saw a piece of paper near the door . we t make out what it read so went to go get it . when he came back we up the letter . the letter only had three on it knock knock knock . we don t know what it meant but then we a knocking this time it t on any . the knocking like it was coming from inside the house . i m glad i left my bat downstairs . it was only a few in front of he the bat . we both quickly got into the gaming room we felt safe there since it was so bright in that room . by the time we got into the room the knocking had stopped . we both in relief . i don t know when or how but we both fell asleep . i forgot to mention but when we the knocking it was only . when we woke it it was am we both were tired but then i something on . it was three that were on his arms . we don t know when he got those but said they t hurt . when we woke up we to notice that on the was a message . it said the same three over again knock knock knock . my t come home that day had to go home because he was . that left me alone in the house again . that night was different there was no knocking . this time it was scratching i something scratching at the door . it like a dog wanting to come in once again i the . it was currently i like to call that time the knocking hour . silly i know but it me aware of what time it is . when i the scratching it was coming from the backdoor . this time this time was different . i saw something that will haunt my forever it was a tall figure . it like it was ft tall it was over and it still was taller than the door i t see any on him . i silently went back to my gaming room and tried to go to bed . needless to say i never went to bed my came back the next early . when i woke up my back felt strange when i went to take my morning shower i saw that something was into my back . it said those god damn over and over ! knock knock knock . that was the last time i the knocking it stopped since then . my t believe me when i told them what was the only one . i tried calling to see if he told his but i was met with terrible news . ran away my face was stuck in a expression when i this . was never the one who would run away from home . he his family to death . his said that they found a note in his room . all it said was scratch scratch scratch that led me to believe that that monster had something to do with his disappearance . i m sorry to this day i blame myself for what to i m sorry . as i m writing this now it s i m still living at my old house . i m going to get some water and i continue to write . they found wandering around in the it t seem like he knew where he was going . they said he different it like he s been through hell . quite frankly i t be if he saw hell that day . when they went to him he crazy he tried to attack the people trying to help him . they to hold him down long enough to knock him out . they t kill him but they did put him into a mental hospital . i m that s all that they did i m going to visit and ask him . new here ? check out part otherwise you might be confused about whats part part part part part anyhoo hello everybody ! its officer here again . now getting right back into it i stated in my previous post that i had been given days plus my weekend off following the . . accident . this to me not much to do for a grand total of four days which for me meant several . firstly that i was . sure i was mildly and slightly foggy . . but still i ' m not used to just . . sitting still . and secondly that i had more time to run into my . and run into them i did . as both still wish for me not to mention their or bring up anything personal about them . . ill just call them and cook for now . and keep anything conclusively them private . my first day off got home sometime around . . it must have been mid afternoon ? and you it . . he was drunk . its not really worth going into over just say his drunken demeanor can and often does become . . some what of a nuisance . to put it mildly . still say . i love the guy . and fun at . he gave me a beer and then out leaving me at last in peace . to ya know suffer alone . my head was literally killing me at that point . now that i think about it i really at the time . that beer really cure my pounding headache at the time . anyway the important encounter with my came the following day when was out bar . . again . cook an almost foot tall man of and dutch descent with a deep but oddly pleasing and tone conveniently had the day off us time for interaction . naturally i decided to bring up exactly what had at work . previously both my were aware i ' d gotten on the head pretty well whilst on the job but i ' t exactly gone into any major with either of them . that was until i decided i could use some of that good cook insight . he ' d always given me solid advice in the past and i saw no reason for now to be any different . the biggest hurdle i suppose obviously was be getting his ass to take me seriously . oh boy . i told him the entire story start to finish and naturally even he ' t initially believe me . he ' t as much a skeptic as i had been but even so . . the story i told him was pretty . if i ' m honest he probably ' t really ' t actively and actually consider my story holding any truth for a long ass time well . . not until the incident with the toad . . oh god the toad . . wa wait where was i ? ah ah yes my conversation with cook . " man why would i ever believe that crap ? " cook " its a pretty good story though how much did you think about that ? " but i ' t budge not even a little . my persistence forth from cook however eventually he that at the very least i ' t give up until he me . in fact he said just that . " fine . ill humor you . if get you to stop ill humor you . i still don ' t believe you but say i did . thats a really crazy story man . what would even cause something like that ? " i at him while i thought of my response . eventually i said something . " honestly man i have no idea . its hard to believe its just some kind of illusion . maybe its some really dumb elaborate prank that went wrong ? i ' been racking my brain over the past few days and i just . . i cant piece it together man . continue me do you have any ? ? where would i even look " sat there for a moment clearly real thought in over my inquiry . " honestly i have no idea . that ' s really heavy man . i ' d say maybe look into the house more ? what ' s the history of that place ? and that thing you told me you saw before you fell . is it possible that could help you figure this out ? anyway you should keep me posted . at the very least your story is something fun to think about . i still think you ' re my leg tho " he informed and he again . i can ' t blame him honestly . we finish catching up on the more mundane aspect of each of our different before he to remember something and me he ' s supposed to " meet at a bar " something about a lost bet and owing him a few ? i laugh because we both know you should never make with not if it alcohol . unless of course you actually want to lose and have to support of his habit . which is to say of course always a way to trick you if he think ' s it ' s plausible he ' get a few from it . " hey man i . . you . . . . you man ! " in response to my laughter . but soon laughing too . i cant help it . he cant help it . we both know that funny . maybe not alcoholism but i digress . not too long after that his and walking out the door . " later man " i hear him call as he leaves . i smile to myself . cant help it . good old always a mood . always been good at getting my mind off in stressful . and ya know what ? theirs nothing more stressful then something which entirely your perspective on life . anyway the next couple days were pretty much just me the good old to see if i could learn anything . and oh boy did i learn . you see i found the address of the house after a little digging . just the address of the warehouse i eventually found an article . several actually . but the first one ? well the first one i read told me . . perhaps the origin of this story ? you see some time ago year the man who built that house on the hill ? he hung himself . from a tree the cliff . that ' t explain the weird phenomenon though . just a possible origin . oh and remember the ? the thing . the last time anyone lived in the home was sometime in the s . the house ' t even have power been completely taken off the grid thereafter . and sure the house derelict . but with the lack of maintenance it should be far more so . strange but unsurprising all considered . ah i forgot to mention . the last family only after the eldest son . in fact his ' t the only instance . aside from my fellow security guard and the son were known to have gone missing in the since from the surrounding area . with a few i suppose to be if you account for homeless and it that one person went missing every or . i ' t find anything about it but id bet . . like a buck ? that this also up with the tree phenomenon . all of this was . . very suggestive to say the least . but not very conclusive . still i ' t help but wonder . had not when she did would i too be amongst the missing ? another body swept under the rug with some weak attempt at an excuse for my disappearance ? excuse me for to but i ' t help but assume that yes yeah id for sure be . . gone . whose to say what really ? id assume death but i just ' t and still don ' t have enough information to make definitive . despite continued i ' t able to discover anything else id consider useful . the rest of my off time off went by without incident and finally ! it was my first shift back to work . i ' t supposed to work that night at the warehouse but with a little convincing i got my to switch with me . i ' t have it in me to wait . i . the first thing i did ? you it . . i don ' t know how would i know what you ? but in all seriousness . i returned to the cliff before the sun set . i to find out what id seen before my fall . the small reflection off something . cook was right . that was . . maybe important ? so i went to the shed adjacent the security office where the maintenance kept all their crap a ladder and probably unsafely hooked it to the top of a golf cart . driving back to the cliff i set it up . the ladder being one of them ft collapsible was plenty tall enough to reach the approximate area id seen the object . climbing up and searching around i had trouble seeing anything . i actually had to climb down and do my twice before finally ! there it was . the ladder to better my vantage point i got up closer to it . it was in that moment i just what it was . a very familiar object . glistening . . security badge . not an id card mind you . just a badge . it i pocketed it and the ladder . i should take care of the ladder before it got dark i did that . once the ladder was back where it i the golf cart and into the office . it was almost time for another one of my but i wasnt not take a look at the badge . the anticipation was killing me . at that point i was fairly certain who it to . i mean clearly it was the property of the missing security guard from those ago . looking it over i that strangely enough despite the grime and weather damage i could make out the first part of something engraved on the back " c . . o . . l " . . . the rest to be weathered down entirely unreadable . i pocketed it again intending to question about it . perhaps i can get more information about the previous guard from her . by the time i finished my this time it was about that time again . in the distance the flickering from the house was visible . i could see the and hear the of a heavy object dangling from a rope as it swang back and forth from an ancient probably evil tree . obviously i the out . not going near that thing . not today satan . not today . i don ' t think doing a sweep around that area was really worth the risk to myself . as instructed i . " theyre back " i told her when she picked upher response was quick " just stay away from them stay away from that area entirely until the anomaly . its not worth your life . call me every or ill call you . if i dont hear from you i ' m stopping by again . " " oh i agree and i m so glad you said that . " i with relief " anyway i get back to my " i tell her " wait ! " she " before you go i to update you in that clearance upgrade . you ' been accepted ! if you want it its yours " " of course of course . we can talk about next time i see you " i tell her . little did i know just how much that decision would impact my life . i mean i know thats heavy right ? ha but keep in mind not much time . i just got myself into . . ah well . you ' see . for now keep going with where we ' re at shall we ? so of course the murder tree right ? . i decided id spend my time as far away from it as possible . oh boy it once you break the back tend to keep tumbling . yeah i know i don ' t know what saying either . what getting at is i away from one mystery and right into another . my previous line of work came with certain . . . and one of those ? morse code . now i don ' t expect you to know morse code . i mean you totally should go out and learn . but that ' s not the point . the point is this . as i sat in the parking lot outside of some office building on site i up at the that border the other side . well i say border . so first you have train then a street then a giant lane highway sure why not . . and then after several hundred more you reach " the " as i call them . this is basically . also while at it i suppose i should also add . . i say " warehouse " but its actually a collection of about a dozen and a half of which only are actually big warehouse . one is actually an apartment building for who be close to . . whatever but thats on the opposite side of the site across the bridge . a surprisingly large bridge that literally the brook ever seen . more a creek than anything . i suppose most of this is because the bridge also as a sort of ramp to make up for the difference in elevation between the two halves . i mean the apartment side of is really only like a third of the total site but still . theirs also office on the half with the apartment building the one whose parking lot i currently sat in at the time . anyway the themselves ' t really the important thing in this part of the story . it was the light . at first i just thought it was a porch light or something . and ya know maybe it was . i don ' t know . but what i did notice eventually . . was the pattern . " holy crap " i said to myself when i what was going on . as sure you ' it was morse code . and what was the message ? " the have " it was just " the have the have . . the have . . " . you get the idea . i ' t have to think about this much . i knew what they meant . or what was being was clearly no coincidence . no way in hell . and sure the message could be about some other . ha . maybe the on the hill itself ? perhaps even a tree near the light . . but somehow that ' t seem right . actually frankly that down right ridiculous if you ask me . then again we ' re talking about a magic murder suicide ghost forest so actually i suppose nothing ' s off at that point . still thats just too much of a coincidence damn it . right ? i mean come on right right ? it for sure me the hell out anyway . just the thought of what the want . think about that for a moment . the thought about what the want . usually a sentence like that you ate the wrong . my lunch i confirmed that . . yep i don ' t even like . definitely not tripping . where was i again ? morse code ! thats right . this is something i understand . murder with or not morse code sense to me . i can comprehend it without the creeping thought i might be on . assuming the were even real ya know . . ha how the heck am i even supposed to know whats real at this point ? like seriously ? is everything a lie ? is this life just one big trip ? am i a simulation ? did somebody drug and continue to drug me for a week ? is water wet ? . . anyway thats not important right now . i out my flashlight . time to get some . i back " i . . see . . you " i repeat that message or times . after the fifth ? the other light stopped its pattern . there was a pause . a few went by . and then ? " hello . . . mark " well . the light my all for now . this is officer off . . part i worked as a motel maid for over a decade . i worked in nice and in the middle of nowhere . it s not an easy job and it s not for everyone . all of this is finally far enough in the past for me to talk about . keep in mind the actually themselves are just . at the end of the day i would try to jot down as much as i could remember but many of these are just a few . not all of them have attached to them . the first thing i ' m going to tell you about in and is the reason why i taking these . i was working in a motel in . there was a man who had been in a room for and one by one all the other to enter his room . i ' t afraid of anything and i ' t actually seen the guy at all . when i in i could smell really good weed . the room ' t in terrible shape and i there were several expensive hung up in the closet . there was a roach clip on the desk in the room . the clamp was made of metal but the rest of the roach clip was made of small . i mention this to one of the ladies i work with and she me its black magic . later that week i finally see the guy and he is a middle aged white guy who drove a and was wearing a suit that i had not seen in the closet . i found out this man was the district attorney of county . reason january . i had been working in a hotel in since of . very tourist heavy client base . not far from . i working and it was usually just me and the guy running the front desk from am to am . i was finishing up a round of when i decided to check in on the counter guy . his name was . he was a few younger than i was and could not hide his crush on me . that night was extremely out when i came up to the front desk . i knew they were going to be trouble was the first thing he said he saw me . he had received several about noise from a room on the third floor . me a weird looking guy checked in with quiet girl . the guy just had a to him that put on edge and made him worried about the girl . not worried enough to actually do anything until the screaming it . i told him to give me the and call the . i could hear the screaming as i up the hallway . a middle aged man his door and if he could help . i told him to shut his door and call . i had told to do the same and hopefully he had . i told tell it was the woman screaming and she . i t to have any kind of weapon but i still carried a small knife . i decided against taking it out before i the door . i open the door and i see the woman is tied to the bed with the man standing on the bed over her . there is blood everywhere . it s on the . it s all over the bed . she is covered and blood and so is he . the man is naked and he a huge hunting knife in his . he at me and before running the blade across his chest to what i can see are multiple shallow . he at the woman on the bed and at her . the man then turns and at me again before leaping at me and landing into a run . i and tried to go for the knife in my pocket but i fell to the floor somehow . the man ran past me screaming into the hallway . told me he ran past him and into the night . when the up he was long gone . the woman was hysterical and spoke only but she t seem to be too badly injured . when the and finally we found out what had . they had been on a date and the man had normal but instead of going back to his place he took them to the hotel . he tied her to the bed and took out the knife but he to cut himself in front of her while screaming . the blood was mostly his and she was barely . there was such an obscene amount of blood i have no idea how this was possible but it was true . the man was never caught . i m not sure i m ever going to try to flesh out any more of these . the final reason . it was . i was a small roadside motel on i . i had been there for just over a year and it was the best place i had worked for at that point . i would work the front desk . one weekend this young couple came in with an adorable daughter . they said her name was and she was just over a year old . they had a reservation so i checked them and sent them on their way . they happy . the next day i m sitting at the front desk and looking out the double glass front . i see the couple walking toward a car without their daughter . i toward the and through a window i could see the mother s face as they out . i knew something was wrong so i went and checked their room before the got to it . i got in the room and nothing amiss . and all empty . i get an idea and i go check the bathroom trash and there is a small stuffed animal in the trash . a stuffed animal i had seen holding . i sat and the toilet and to cry . i eventually threw up and myself and went back to the front desk . i checked the ledger and found that the room had been for in cash some before . there was no name on the actual deposit and the couple t the guest ledger . i had no way of any of this even if i could prove something had to that baby . the next day i felt sick and stayed home . i decided to get a pregnancy test and it was positive . for the second time in two days i cried and threw up on the toilet . that was the day i decided to leave the guest industry . my phone violently on my desk . it was a . about midday . after covid were slowly being . i found this gorgeous wicker basket by the clothes . it will look great in the flat my me . it was a nice basket . quality material . the light wood colour would lighten up our dark flat . i t understand why people would dump perfectly good outside a clothes donation area . xb she brought it back with her that afternoon and we it in our lounge . we just used it to store our switch and . it was just a small basket to keep random in . we t really give a thought about what it had previously been used for or who it to . we t think about why they had gotten rid of it . xb were fine for about a week . the following the electrics cut out . into darkness in the early evening . we our electrician and he came out the next day . he studied the flat for about two . my went out to walk through the and i stayed home to make sure the electrician was actually doing his job . i d become a bit paranoid after we had hired a guy and he had stolen my ' s . xb i sat in my office and there was a light knock at my door i spun around to see the electrician standing in the doorway with a look of confusion and panic . i him if it was fixed . he said there was nothing there to fix . of course i him to elaborate all the wiring for our flat was gone . thin of some sort of wood were laying in their place . he had no explanation for it . i had no explanation for it . at first i thought it was but he me . we out into a vacant apartment that had luckily become available on the floor below us . we took everything with us . xb were fine for about a week . we had electrics . we had water . we were happy . i awoke on night to the feeling of something falling and cutting me in the face . i initially just brushed at my face and rolled over . the of my into my . i sat bolt upright . i immediately the room to see an intruder . i thought i caught a glimpse of someone out of our bedroom and into the safety of the dark hallway . xb my hand snagged on something . xb i down and of small wooden rune like looking had been scattered over me and my partner whilst we slept . my went to stay with a friend the next day . i the police and they checked everywhere for of a break in and they took a couple of wooden with them for examination . a couple of in black sat me down and me to run them through all the that had led up to the previous night . i told them about the wooden electric wire incident . they gave me a card for some sort of psychiatrist and left . xb were fine for about a week . my returned to our apartment last . we were sat in the living room last night . we were watching . just chilling we to watch the reality you can find on . the electrics went out . yet again we were into darkness . i cursed under my breath . my lit one of her fancy she on a cabinet and handed it to me . i lit a few other for her and i off by myself to find the fuse box . all the were on . there ' t have been any . i . i remember thinking not this again . . i back into the lounge to rant at my about how it was in this block of . xb she was sitting upright rolled back mouth wide open to the point of almost . she was this quiet sound . xb i shook her and her but she continued to be dormant . the sound of scratching made me turn around quickly . it had probably been going on for a while but i only it when it made my spine shiver . i could make out the wicker basket . the candlelight and across its light brown weave . all the contents had been thrown on the floor . one hand from the basket slowly climbing out of the basket . xb then another hand . long dirty skeletal arms and the form of what to be a woman in a long dark almost medieval looking dress . i threw one of the at her . i watched as it dispersed into ash before delicately brushing past her . she slowly toward me . i turned back to the sofa . where there had been flesh and blood now lay a wooden scarecrow in the form of my . xb i to scream . xb i to cry . xb i t move . xb i t scream . xb i t save her . xb i felt the cold bony of the witch from the basket grab my face and spin it round to face her . i deep into her . they were covered in scratches and i could only just make out her bright green . the smell of decay and animal flew out from her slightly open mouth . she leant in closer . baba . her voice was like tiny little slowly slitting my . i to let out a scream of agony . the out . xb she . xb i sat alone in our flat . my flat . xb no one my . i drove to her dad ' s house . he told me he t ever have a child but something in his at the mention of her . i tried phone and any available document that could have the mention of her name . there was nothing . all with the two of us now only me . all i have of her is the memory and the feeling that something been from my very essence . xb i am getting rid of the wicker basket today . there ' s a bunch of for and old clothes on the of town . xb i get rid of it there . there was once a point in my life where i had fallen into a deep bout a depression . during this time i had been coping with a flurry of suicidal and self loathing . i tried so hard to distract myself from it yet that never worked . it that anything i did to try and get better never worked . to be honest i don ' t really recall too much from that time because it ' t the important part . eventually on one night i decided that it was too much to live with . that was the night that i decided to shoot myself in the head . it was so dark but peaceful . people often compare dying to a deep sleep . however i was conscious . i could think and i could see even though all i saw was the color black . it felt like being in a pool of water but i ' t know if i was floating or sinking . there was a faint odor of something . something i had never smelled before but something strangely familiar . i tried to look at myself but it was too dark to see my body . i touched my face and i felt my own hand on my cheek . suddenly i . so this is death i thought . almost like a prison . if i know if this was worth it . my through whatever i was in . then a second voice . the voice and even though i ' t hear any i felt that there was an overwhelming animosity behind that voice . it said " a prison ? that would likely be an adequate statement . " my body froze . i first tried to move to somehow get away from whoever the hell had said that . but the voice came from every conceivable angle . it spoke again . " it is useless to attempt to escape . i am all seeing and all knowing . " this sentence sent down my spine . is this him ? i thought . god ? he actually ? . then god spoke . " why do you say that ? do you think something bad is going to happen to you ? " it took me a moment to comprehend this . the creator of everything had spoken to me . god himself had me a question . finally i came up with an answer and spoke albeit shaking . " i it was just a natural response . . " god spoke again . " do you even dare to try and predict what my for you are ? " frightened i spoke irrationally . " no ! i i promise ! please ! " he said " that tone in your voice it is fear is it not ? stop lying boy . you believe i will punish you . what could you have possibly done that that ? " i kept my mouth shut because i knew anything i said would even worse . after what felt like he spoke again . " a good response . " the tension in my body . without thinking i suddenly had this thought benevolent almighty god my ass . suddenly the darkness i had been seeing was shed and all i was in a giant lit up room with white . i could see myself clearly and i was naked . but that did not concern me whatsoever because i was far too on the figure standing before me . " me ? benevolent ? whoever the came up with that ? " the god that was to be an old man with a beard was not standing before me . it was a lanky man so tall that it would have been comical if the situation was not what it was . over he to be maybe thirty tall but the width of his body was that of a normal human . his head much than a human head was covered in black hair that almost touched the ground and his face was gaunt . what was most however was that a chunk of his face where the were supposed to be was out . that wound had been rotting for whoever the how long and where flesh once was there was what i could only describe as a horrid gray mess of dried mold and petrified . he spoke . " please tell me . what preconceived are of me ? " " we well there are that worship you . of people who pray to you and hope for salvation from an all powerful being who all all and is omnibenevolent . salvation being them saved from hell the " place " and brought the the " highest place " heaven . " i had my composure . " they believe you to look like an old man with the ability to cleanse their and guide them through life . " he down at me and . it was a smile with unnaturally too many and of teeth . " so those can ' t face reality so they rely on something that was never sure to exist to guide them through life . how pathetic . " i was silent for a moment then a question struck me . " well are they correct about that omnipotence and omniscience ? " god me . " yes but i don ' t care enough about you wretched walking time who love nothing more than to hurt each other to catch up with your . and heaven ? what . let me show you what the world beyond is and where you will spend the rest of eternity . " the white came tumbling down . i was suspended in the sky and below me i saw nothing short of madness . men and with their and sexual off lying in a heap . all of them were skin and seemingly not eaten for . some were moaning in the pain of being crushed under millions of other . found nothing to do but scream and laugh at the terror of what they were . i watched a few despite their lack of ability to do so attempt to have sex or rape in the mountain of . a number were torn apart eaten by the yet conscious as their wounds never and lived in pain . even though there was nowhere i could go i stepped back in horror . i knowing i would be sent there . i watched the god we thought could save us us for . i watched as his face into that same disgusting grin at the very thought of ripping me apart . in a fragmented voice of intense euphoria he " for the sin of existence and for throwing a life which you far too painful to live in away for this ! " his arm extended and his to close around me . then i woke up . . had i been saved ? it that i have . nineteen ago i a suicide attempt . what i saw beyond life my life entirely as well as my mental state . some people believe that the point of living is to improve ourselves as well as the world for future . believe it is to satisfy themselves . me ? i live solely so i will never have to see god again . for part click can be found here i woke the next morning my body sponged the humidity . before i slept i drank some of the water . damn it really me of that freezer burnt taste you know ? made me crave ego . i t give a if it was an package in a freezer for . i d eat about anything at this point . can t resort to dirt on the ground . not yet . my wife i bet she s herself some warm topped with butter and syrup a day with her . not a call or text from her but she i t bother to communicate not while i m . no need to worry her either or my grown . they have better to do . what could they do anyway ? probably hold an empty casket funeral . so remember the crazy dude ? . fear ? i found him . i intentionally slept close by to where i was . i myself in an alley and out of sight . i had to know what or who me . well after i on some crackers the supply already to but a few left i checked the building out . the crushed skull had been away towards the desk . a body was on the floor in a pool of blood a windbreaker tied around their waist . it was the stranger . his face was bloodied and welted in dark purple mud of my shoe were across his cheek arm and side . my hand was over my mouth the rancid stink of my untreated breath back through my nose . i just a man crazy as he was . i his body onto its back for confirmation . the disheveled beard dead watch now cracked and a bottle of half drunken sewer water might as well be shyly back at me from his jacket pocket . what the hell were the ? of all the identical this was the one he was in ? the same one i ran into ? it was an unbelievable coincidence . one that had me thinking that all these i see are actually one building . but that can t be right . perhaps those he spoke of led him to intercept me his mind . in the back corner behind the desk the sun now revealed reflecting a windowpane as a silhouette of an enlarged cross . there was no water dispenser . no chair . a litter of sat in a neat pile like freshly leaves . flanking the desk on the wall above the stair the bust of that woman s face i had seen before was still there though the one on the right was cracked across the forehead . that same nefarious smile of hair like s writhing a mute onlooker of a murder . a murder i . i t leave his body there not in good conscience . i dragged him out . his weight was quite heavy for an man or it could be my waning strength . i his and everywhere else for any food . there were a few of sinew what to be beef jerky but it paler uncured . i pocketed them . i was disgusted with myself for even searching the man but it was for survival . t he try to murder me ? t he choking me ? i had to lash out retaliate . self defense right ? i may forever harbor this guilt unless i succumb to insanity . murder will be a factor to that . i thought to bury him but where ? and how ? i had no shovel i sure as hell t going to dig my into the soil . the grounds were in twisted and thorny . i never got his name not a wallet to help his identity . then i something out of place . it was on his arm . i from a couple nights back he was messing with that same arm or fidgeting with it . i crouched down to see a streaked tawny sort of color on his forearm . a birthmark ? closer inspection revealed a patch of hair . fur almost . i stood my hand rubbing the back of my slick neck . my own fetid odor as anxious seeped out my and down my neck . of the sun lit the scene before me and my body . the whole scene it was disturbing . the combination of lighting and disconcertion made me want to disappear . just wink out of existence . no beam me up i don t even think i could handle anything more inexplicable . so he went mad or shaved an animal and glued part of its fur to his arm . that had to be the explanation . yet i t convince myself to tug on the . the thought of doing so was like a tarantula s hairy leg . that sent an electric shiver down my whole body . i was again the only human being that i knew of . i farther out a hike that hypnotic from the unchanging scenery . i snapped out of it as i a cry out from far off . distinctly human but no way it was close enough for me to investigate . then another cry and another one that same amalgam of human and animal deep and pained . my heart beat as a metronome to fear . something was about to happen . my on every little crack shift and whistle . i have to get inside . that urge irresistible . this feeling of a large hand gripping my neck and shoulder from behind some thing screaming its aberrant screech into my ear . just then faded out as my reduced to a ringing . it had to have been my paranoia . i into the building and the door behind me pressing my back against it as reinforcement . that was when i soft just outside . running . unnatural . the door i on . my breath and heart in my throat . suffused in sweat . a sound like taps of a walking stick on concrete . then something on the door . i harder against the wood with a creak . a hand beside me fingering the wall and edge of the door a hand covered in a patch of fine hair . no fur . long grimy . what the hell was i looking at ? that hand frantic scratching and for something human flesh but i the door . my strength was with each passing second my and throat taut a dam about to burst open and . my slid further forward despite all the might i . that thing on the other side like a feline and its hand . the door back closed but it t over . i knew i only had to decide hold the door run or hide behind the desk ? i chose the latter . i lunged away from the door and vaulted over the desk . just then i a splintery crash and a chorus of ragged some deep and higher like some grotesque monster with male and female . a smattering of the floor and up the . more . another hiss . i covered my mouth and myself into a tight niche under the desk . more . ? it had to be . a sweet but stench over the desk and the room . it took everything not to cry out in sheer terror . i don t know how long i confined myself under that desk . it could have been just a couple . maybe . time was non existent in that moment . the entire experience was like watching a movie play out one from behind the of a hitchhiker waiting to be caught by these an ending to a movie that inevitably approaching . how often does the protagonist in horror survive ? i thought back to the stranger . could the protagonist be a murderer ? would they get what s coming for killing an innocent if he was innocent . he could been under control from some pervading force in this place one that everyone lose their . transform into something beyond human and animal . my mind if karma really determined the fate of one s life . of my life . but everything came to an abrupt silence . the smidgen of lighting that came through the . how long had it been silent ? i peer over the edge of the desk still crouched and cautious . the evening was falling to night . the front door was stuck into the wall cracked in the center and bent at a quarter bow . i never felt safe enough to leave from but i did not wish to be in that building any longer . my were cramped and sore from being drawn to my chest for a time . the effects of hunger were then prevalent and would soon be . that was when i i still had that beef jerky i d gotten from the stranger . i made my way back to where i had dragged the stranger out but found his body was gone . all that was left was an impression in the where his corpse had lay a grass angel . a grass demon . my brain was fried enough to not dwell on it . instead i found an alley to sit down and munch on the beef jerky . my stomach in delight as i ate into the . they were not as rough as i would them to be but they were delicious . anything would have been delicious . i have to try and get some rest . i can t think too much more on the of today . it s too much to handle as my mind grown the longer i m trapped here . i m lucky i still have my phone working . somehow still connected to the which is reassuring . some grounds that reality is still here . that you all still exist . nothing sense . i m afraid that thread of floss string finally snapped . welcome back ! back for some food or are you just here to try some more of my handmade gum ? sal with that pearly smile of his . just coming back for another meal sal was my response . make yourself comfortable and don t forget to take a piece of gum ! you know the drill . smiling i took a piece of gum from the tray and on it . as always the gum still the same taste as it had all those ago . settling into the chair my over the of the establishment . it was tradition here to chew your complimentary piece of gum before your food . once the food you were meant to stick said wad onto the surrounding . considering have an affinity for sticking gum on random this place was a heaven for those little myself included . i savored the flavor as i always had . however it had a rather metallic taste today . my tongue ran along my teeth only to send of pain through my . cautiously i ran my tongue along my teeth once more . pain through my jaw confirming my . that tooth was acting up again . it was quite the nuisance but it to be flaring up more than normal . it had been like this since that day . pain continued to fill my mouth with each passing moment . were next to me . you want the usual right oh god are you ? just a toothache sal nothing to worry about god this i through teeth . no sal stated let s get you to the dentist hopefully he can fix it once for all . glancing up he still had the smile pearly white as always . that smile that smile always so white despite his age can you hear me ? i gave a weak nod . god look at the state you re in come on let s go . my body to rise as sal me up still with that same clear smile on his face . " i don ' t want to go to the dentist ! i want to talk to you about something from a long time ago " sal brushed off my all still retaining that smile of his . it was growing more sinister . that smile my tooth again . a faint whimper my . pain the pain was growing it felt as though that day was itself it was another normal day back then in this normal town of ours my family was at sal s for another dinner . my had already stuck their gum onto the wall while me and my sister were still around blowing and being all around obnoxious . sal never to mind about the noisy . in fact he took his liberty to entertain us while still gleaming those pearly white teeth of his . those teeth why was that image forever glued to me . it was that night dinner had just . pain to ripple through my jaw . up in my but i would not allow them to fall . younger me was strong . through my clouded vision i could ' sworn that i saw a flash of white on the wall from where i had my gum . ? not now sweetie she had said that night . " but something ' t feel right . " i . she continued to brush off my . sal stood behind us as my family left . turning back he gave that perfect smile of his . the setting sunlight from outside reflected upon his teeth blinding me . but through that it the of his mouth to illuminate . . sal is that wood in your mouth ? my voice shaky at this discovery . he continued smiling bigger than ever as he pointed to one of his teeth . his my tongue to that spot only to find it empty . i thought back to that white thing i saw on that wall . fear panic all of that younger me s brain . now you have a good night . make sure you take good care of your teeth . sal . sal always had perfect teeth t he ? how could he have to do that ! a voice brought me back to the present . of this puzzle had begun to sort themselves together . on instinct i you you . calm down sal out . i think the pain s gotten to you . don t you agree doctor ? doctor ? doctor ? where was i ? in a fit of panic i to force myself out of the situation . a pair of arms me down and a scream left my throat . you re at the dentist s office . doctor . gazing around his proved to be true but the pain it was becoming unbearable and that image of sal s teeth why t it leaving my mind ? my doctor continued we re going to do an emergency fix on that tooth of yours . finally it out once and for all . i m going to put a mask over your nose so we can remove the tooth painlessly . also i ask that you spit out whatever you re on currently . i was still on the piece of gum . it had now to take on a rather crunchy texture . spitting it out a white object fell onto the ground . that t right that was definitely not right . why is there a space between my teeth now ? a frail hand out and pocketed the white object . no what are you doing ? ' " i delirious from the pain . that s my tooth ! i to yell . " hey doc i think the pain is getting to him ! sal over me . sal in towards my ear make sure you brush your teeth after eating my or you end up doing what i do . away he a pearly white smile . blinding white teeth and wooden filled my field of view . fear a hold of me as i no ! you monster ! doc ! doc ! he s stealing my teeth to make ! my doctor s tone was firm please calm down i know pain people woozy but hold on it all be over soon . a mask was over my nose . i had to fight this . i had to tell the doctor about this monster . i had to prove that sal was evil my tooth ! the teeth of ! he had them he had them . i was fading out the current had me under . even though my vision grew hazy sal could still be seen standing nearby blinding smile and all . darkness me . fear still prominent as ever in my system . maybe it was the gas or perhaps the pain but from a distance i a voice of sal call out when you wake up take care of yourself ? teeth and the rest of ya . me and were at the in the closer one to bend not the further one and we ran into a guy we knew from high school jerry tanner . he and his were living in this house he ' d from a cousin and my reputation was starting to precede me . sort of . " so . . . " jerry cut his to look around us like he was making sure nobody him . we were in the shampoo aisle with two other besides ourselves . no matter the age every busybody in can sense gossip and their hearing becomes that of a super predator . " so are you really a witch ? " a little . " you ' t just ask that . come on jerry . " " no no . i only ask cause i to see if you could help me " he said lowering his voice further . sure blurt out that i ' m a witch but your spooky is taboo . thanks jerry . " i ' m not for hire . " " you are a witch then ? " jerry ' s went a little wide . i ' t help but roll my . " i ' m not a witch . i ' m a person jerry . a person who to be for help respectfully instead of " cornered in the . " " can you help me ? " he sincerely . damn it . " tell me exactly what ' s going on . " " i keep " " walk through the hall . it like my but she ' s been " right next to me on the couch when it and she ' s seen it too " jerry said . " and . . . when we ' re in the house for too long we start to feel weird . " " have you checked the carbon monoxide ? " raising an eyebrow . holy hell i love that woman and her brain . " you might have a leak or ' " i agreed nodding my head . " my dad that same thing and i checked but it ' s not that . this like " on " he said going a little pale . " we ' been " sick . " so he was really . i took a deep breath and up at me like she knew that i was going to help him . " can you and your get a hotel tonight ? " " yeah we can . why ? " he with a shrug . " give me a night and i ' get your house figured out " i said . we cell and he text me his address then me and finished our shopping trip unimpeded . that night i went over to jerry ' s . they were kind enough to leave the porch light on for me and i took the spare key from the top of the door frame to let myself in . it was a nice house . the furniture new and the were decorated sensibly . the air was set a little cool for my taste but i could deal . i switched on one of the on an end table setting my down next to the couch . i ' t bother to pack any clothes because i was only long enough to figure out what this thing was and get rid of it but i brought my favorite monster hunting . i through the house to check it out . it was all just as nice as the living room . the house was older looking like it might have been built in the ' s . the dining room and kitchen were a decent size the office in the center of the house was sparsely furnished with movie on the wall and that led into the hallway . i stuck my head into each of the two and the bathroom seeing if there was anything unusual . place completely normal . jerry had said that he saw in the hallway while they were on the couch so i decided i ' d put the game on their and kick back for a while . thirty and the only scary thing i was the sheer amount of incomplete the quarterback of my favorite team had thrown . " there ' s " wrong with this house . maybe he ' s just on acid ? " i said to myself debating on seeing if jerry had any beer . at that moment there was the click pop sound of a door opening . " o . . . kay ? " i watched the hallway closely and then from the master bedroom towards the office . it was impossible made even more bizarre by the fact that she was only visible from the hip up . " i ' be damned . " i stood up from the couch slowly not to mute the television as my team ' s quarterback threw yet another pick six . " hello ? " i creeping into the hallway as i around into the office . the room was dark and there was nobody to be seen there . " hey . . . " a voice whispered in a layer of space to my right drawing out my name like a hiss . a shudder rolled over my . i ' d been hunting for two and it still ' t gotten any less disturbing when some thing knew my name . " yes invisible thingy ? " there was silence for a moment and then a in the dining room . i quickly through the office and into the dining room still seeing nothing though i to feel a little light headed . i ' d only ever smoked pot before so i had no idea what an acid trip felt like but this was definitely a high of a kind . i my cell phone from my pocket pressing the speed dial button for and it rang once before she picked up . " hey baby . stand by . might need you to come and pick me up . . . damn . " " what ? are you ? you sound drunk are you drunk ? " she sounding concerned . " i know the are ' but you ' re on a job . " " i ' m not ' this thing is " me up " i said bracing myself against a wall in the dining room . i turned my head to see an old woman kneeling down to straighten the of a little boy with strawberry brown hair . " . . . the ? " " ? what ' s ' ? you ' re " up " she said the sound of car jingling in the background . " if you come here stay in the car . don ' t come in the house . " i hung up the phone accidentally dropping it on the floor but my hand just let go of it . the phone hit the hardwood with a boom and i away like it was a snake about to bite me . i bent down to snatch the phone up off of the floor but i ended up stumbling into the dining room table and knocking them against each other . " ow ! ! " i shook my head to clear it but all that did was make me more dizzy . i braced my hand against the table as i watched a man in black back away from me his piercing shining green meeting my own as he . " you are not " this " i said to myself . " you ' re fine . you ' re . breathe maybe ? " the room on its side leaving me to try to navigate my way into the kitchen with fumbling . i made it to the sink turning the water on with a bump of my fist my mouth under the tap . immediately i spit the liquid in my mouth into the bowl of the sink . the texture was like blood but it was slime green . " what the is ' ? " i dragged myself over to the a bottle of water from the door opening it to chug it down . the second it hit my stomach i was running back to the sink to throw up more of that green . it just kept coming up and coming up until my were sore . i turned sliding down to the floor dry heaving until i almost ' t catch a breath . i got down on my and crawling slowly from the kitchen through the dining room then into the living room . in the hallway to my left a projection of repeated on a loop moving from the bedroom to the office . that ' s when i first lost consciousness . when i woke up i was standing in front of the dining room wall running my over it like i was trying to find a way through it . " what ? wall . . . stop . wall ? what ? " the plaster and underneath my bowed in on itself then to blow out forcing me backwards . i hit the window behind me that i ' t shatter the glass . " come on ! stop " around and let ' s get this over with ! " " . . . " a voice rasped . " it ' s never over . " at that instance a fist that ' t there me in the jaw forcing my head up and to the right . i fell backwards onto the floor losing consciousness once again . my phone was ringing . " don ' t move " i knocking my head against the hardwood floor . nothing had ever my ass that badly without drawing blood but there i was . the phone stopped ringing and i was left in silence . a sudden pounding sound made me jump and i rolled my head to look at the door . someone was knocking . would have just let herself in regardless of my not to come inside and anyone else would have to have some gall to knock on a door at eleven thirty four at night . i army towards the door dragging myself on my . " i ' m ' . i ' m ' ! " when i finally the door the knocking had stopped . i dragged myself to my opening the heavy wooden door . there was the smell of cigar smoke and but there ' t anything in sight . " of course not . . . " i shut the front door stumbling back a few . the television had gone dark and the room was cast in a strange gray light . from somewhere behind me i a man ' s voice say " just another lost lamb . " " you ' re not real . i am and i can fix you " i bracing my hand against the coffee table . " come at me as something i can hit and i ' get you gone . " there was nothing but deafening silence that me . i was hyper aware of the sound of my own breathing and i never until then how often i my breath involuntarily . the air was the same as it had been but there was some kind of shift as if it was laced with ozone . i to make it to my out my knife . " i will you up ! i swear you won ' t last a . . . " bravely and with a grace i had previously to achieve i out again . when i forced my open i was surrounded by darkness . no light in through the the lamp and the television were off and it like i was wrapped in of thick shadow . a heavy sense of dread me as i hooked my arm through one of the of my and dragged myself towards the exit . i the door and a guttural growl in my ear my hair ruffling as hot breath warmed my cheek . " stay . " " nope . " i to my throwing the front door and the screen open . i the door shut behind me half falling down the front . i my cell phone from my pocket the speed dial for . she picked up quickly and i my throat . " babe " " i ' m already on my way " she said . " when you ' t already in the driveway i thought you ' t ' . how ' d you know to come get me ? " i fighting back another dry heave . " you ' t sound like yourself and it me out " she . " are you ? " " not at all . this ' t a thing . this was . . . i don ' t know what this was but it ' s not " i can kill " i said laying myself out on the cool grass . " well i ' be there in a few and we can go home " she said before ending the call . i my down to jerry ' s number pressing the call button . " jerry ? " " hey dan . is everything ? " he . " you need to move " i said . " whatever that is my ass . find a place pack up and get the hell that house . " " . you good ? " jerry worried and . hell no i ' t good . " i ' make it . man i ' m " you though . . . i ' fought all of . if you do stay i ' d call yourself a young priest and an old priest . whatever ' s in that house . . . i don ' t think it can die . " xb if you haven ' t read the story of bend you can find the first installment below . bend home t feel as empty as it once had even without or i felt more hope than i had in . i and fed them and sat down to smoke at my fold out table . natural sun in through the but my home would never look quite the same after my time in the . i turned on the shower and must have stood underneath the water watching s blood run down the sink for at least half an hour . t cover it . shut down would be more accurate . i while getting ready exhausted and starting to feel the lack of sleep once again . my were heavy . sitting down on the bed was fatal . i woke up a few later worried that i d left waiting . i rushed out of the flat and down the to the garden . they were extra kind and only made me take one flight going straight from my floor to the main entrance . i t have been more grateful i was so exhausted . outside on the bench there he was . i don t know how or where he got clean but the flat cap was as fresh as ever . i suppose after all the unbelievable i d learned i t have even it a thought but it was magic nonetheless . i m sorry ! i fell asleep ! i before he had a chance to turn his head and notice me . it s fine kat . i had a few to do anyway . he spoke with a smile . the kind that you can hear just in a tone and as i him and the garden i why . i felt a lump form in my throat and well in my as i the tiny bundle in his lap . it was bald wrinkly and had exactly three . . there was nothing i could do about his foot i think the ate that but i thought this little guy deserved another shot at life . from ear to ear as i in disbelief at the tiny cat in front of me . their burning entirely i scooped him up and him close only him down as he singed my face a little . to whir in my mind but before they could ever fully develop turned to me gravely and them . i know what you re thinking but there was nothing i could do for . . . after what did . . . don t . i cut him off . what i did was selfish . was right a long time ago . sometimes i wonder if even if i could have him back maybe i m a different person now to the one he knew . t respond he just watched while i with tickling his belly as he rolled around purring on my lap . i know you must still have a lot of and if i m honest i m not sure any of them have that will satisfy . i m no oracle i still have myself but i want to tell you what i know . i at him in confusion . almost all loose had already been tied and anything else almost arbitrary but did everything with purpose . so i stayed quiet and i . and i were never close . i told you downstairs that not trying harder was my biggest regret . i come to that was a lie and it s time i faced the true regret that me . i tried to imagine what he could be talking about but i t i and instead . when we in . . . after our father . . . we continued to lead very separate . i worked on the garden and i the strange that around me . i don t know why i found it so easy to accept . i seen come through this block and almost all of them have been at first but i t . when we first got here there were only a handful of that themselves . the boy that in the mirror and the postman along with came with the building . the longer we stayed the more we discovered . i saw it as magic a whole new world that most people never get to see . t see it that way . he paranoid always looking over his shoulder thinking that were out to get him . took a moment to look at the grass a sadness on his face and i his fingerless hand to comfort him . what to him ? i . he t always the man you met . he was always a cold ruthless bastard but i would never considered him evil . this place . . . the place that you and i call home . . . it to drive him into and . he t move his family in with him he to keep them separate from his business and although i was intent on here never to be here longer than a few . they would come and visit and his wife to express to me . she would come by my flat after visiting him leaving their son with him to spend some time together while she she was shopping in the city . she said he frightened and angry . she was worried that he was losing his mind . to roll from his kindly . had always so wholly good such a wonderful person that it was hard to consider him mourning someone like . but no one the family they re born into . and i don t believe that anyone is entirely good or bad for an awful person t take away from his spirit . what did you do ? this is exactly it kat . i t do anything . i entirely and i was wrapped up in my own world of discovery . i wrote him off under the assumption he t have to me anyway . got worse got more worried and eventually he stopped the door . mental health were terrible in those days there t a great deal we could do . his money and t get her on it to pay for care . if i t it then maybe . . . his son would be alive ? i interrupted . i wish it were that simple . he and for a moment . we sat in silence just holding for a few until he spoke again . i need to show you it s the only way you understand . he to . let s take him home . we took the skipping a few as we went before reaching the door to my flat . the real one without the minus symbol in front . it was the first time that had been inside since i had in and it felt good to be in a room with him while not in a state of imminent crisis . the were to be and were quickly in a heap on the sofa . s return bought me more joy than i thought possible . i the chair that i d used to prop up s prison and made tea before we sat together at the fold out table . what do you need to show me ? i . he t answer me directly and instead continued to talk about his family . his name was my nephew . i may not have been best of with my brother but i that boy more than life itself . he the garden and getting dirty . he t like or our father he was a worker like me . i . it was nice to imagine someone taking after . he wonderful . he was . he was only nineteen old when he . no life at all especially when you consider how many me and his father have lived for . he had just his own business had a and even in the worst of times he t give up on his dad . it broke his heart when my brother stopped the door . . . so he got creative and to desperate to try and reach . i to piece together in my head a pit forming in my stomach as i stopped him to ask the one question that was on my mind . what was his business ? at me shame in his . he knew that he would have to say it out loud and confirm what i already knew . he was a window cleaner . i t say a word . i t sure how to respond . i my brain trying to comprehend what i was hearing . the knocking on the balcony from behind the curtain . the familiar groaning and soon . could sense my discomfort and broke the silence . when the tower to try and see his dad he him . t in a good way he was edgy and defensive . i don t know what for sure but that knock from the outside must have really triggered something . he went outside and he him . multiple times with a kitchen knife . but you know that bit . it s what next that t . my mouth hung open . came to me . he told me exactly what he d done . we fought . i could him myself but when i at him i could see that he t right . it was in his kat he t my brother . i tried to reason with him and get him to hand himself in but he and got aggressive with me saying that i just to get my on the block . i left him in my flat to calm down so i could go to . the window cleaner continued to scratch on the balcony door his s tale . he was out there on the balcony . he was dead . one look at him and i knew no ambulance could help him . i sat with him for an eternity trying to work out what to do . i should the police but i t bring myself to shop my own brother . there was no hope for but i thought i could help . i was wrong . when i returned to my flat he was gone . i the building to help me . i would done anything to bring back but work in mysterious ways here and once the body was found was already missing and my nephew had become the monster that on the to this day . i stopped him . i tried to process what he was telling me . but he t found for days why t you call the police ? why did you tell the not to let him in ? i confused . love works in mysterious ways kat . i hope that you of all people can understand that . i was never of my brother but i did love him and without any way of saving his son i to give him a head start . and the ? i again the strict rule that prudence had left i t let him in under any . that s where get complicated . i t at the time but what he was the way of giving him back to me . he is what he is because of me . when you see you understand . he my hand and me to the balcony go and back the curtain to reveal the friendly looking man i d always seen outside my window against it scratching on the glass . upon second inspection i could see the family resemblance but it t one that i d ever considered possible before . prudence had told me about her experience with him with showing her what he truly like . i still t quite what i saw when his hand on my shoulder and told me to look . the window cleaner was gaunt with beneath his tight thin flesh raw skin and wounds that were in varied of healing . he truly but what alarmed me the most were his impossibly deep black for . they were all too familiar . i turned to stare at unsure of quite what to say as a million crossed my mind . he to speak again . i t want the to hurt him kat . when he inside this form is revealed and so many tried to hurt him at first . i found myself constantly telling people to ignore the friendly window cleaner in the hope that he would be safe from their fear of the unknown . i d seen s reaction to anything remotely different and i t bare to face the same from the entire block . it was to leave him out here . after all only someone who the good in everyone would let him in and accept him and those people are one in a million . half knowingly . . i finally who the twin s father was . i t know about them . had me trapped below by the time was in school but the second i saw with you in that i knew that she was family . when i that s new form was a direct result of my i to come to with the power this place had given me . i it and i used it . i used it to hide from his father who i discovered had fled to the sealed not long after the murder . he never knew what of his son . that shielding must have transferred when the were born it was why he t know they . once had discovered his power along with all his and the isolation he drove himself into it just twisted him up into the man you knew him as . he made it his mission to know all of the special but he never saw again . why are you telling me this ? i emotion making it a little hard to speak . i if had continued a relationship with the window cleaner and why she had kept so quiet about the dad . i the fact that had not only saved my life but in doing so she had her own grandfather . i t judge or for their . he was right love works in mysterious ways . just as it had when i made my choice regarding and when i subsequently accepted that he was gone . i m showing you because i think you understand . and because i don t want you to spend your life with guilt for . we all make . mine was a big one but out of it came two of the to walk this earth and for that i m grateful . he again as he thought of and . then he me dead in the and spoke again . it s time i corrected my . solemnly he towards the and slid them open coming face to face with the monstrous shell of a man holding a squeegee . the window cleaner took a step inside struggling to move on his bone thin and stopped from s face . i t help it despite what i knew he me . the had balance even in their demonic form there was a visible person there . their father t resemble a person at all the visceral reaction he in me further proved s point . people will generally attack what they fear . had i been alone and let him in i d have almost certainly done the same . i watched with breath as wrapped his arms around the bag of in a warm embrace . i watched as he let out a gentle sob and the window cleaner to disintegrate into dust before my . no ! i there was some other way a happier solution knowing full well that there t . there was a heavy quiet in the room for a few . it was no life kat . i was cruel to let it continue as long as i did . turning to me . although similar to the way that i had watched my love disappear on our bedroom floor s action t filled with malice . it was done for the sake of mercy . came towards me and me . i felt emotionally and physically battered fragile and my continued to ring but regardless with him free and with me i felt safe . life in the block could finally begin with no more dark hanging over me . amongst all the death and chaos there was joy to be found . it s over now . a new chapter . he whispered into my ear as i of relief into his shoulder and the three at our . days and normality to resume . i broke in order to give some rest and spend some time with the . it was the least of all my throughout this time . it took a lot of explaining and but she eventually came round and me for her . it simple when put like that and i m sure reading this would deem me unforgivable . but their t and . and there t many folk out there as forgiving and loyal as . i haven t the subject of their paternity to her . i m not sure i ever will but i hope that one day she feel comfortable enough to volunteer the information herself . i continue to pick up for prentice and take money to at the gnome . i m looking forward to a drink there when this is all over although i m sure p will drink me under the table . the are happy and growing every day . truth be told i think with his missing leg especially knowing the heroism it . had to look so positive that i almost forgot where i lived . i had been in such a daze of relief that i t that the had floor from the moment we returned from the . i probably would have gone longer in blissful ignorance if i t have found myself on that floor today . the black sign was much the same as the one on the below that had a minus symbol before it . thankfully however the artificial light that plagued those was nowhere to be seen and sunlight in . i when i first saw the sign . prepared myself to greet the man with a new name . but he t there . his absence was a reminder that no matter how many i may have living here there would always be another just around the corner . instead of the man without a name in his place was the woman . . xb after i got out of high school i had a lot of trouble finding work . i d had some at home that had led to me being something of a firebug and while i never did any serious damage it gave me enough of a permanent record to make me a risk to any potential employer . i t want to keep working at my job so i around to what i m pretty sure was almost two hundred all around and beyond . the one that wound up me was a towing company all the way out in run by a tough old hopi guy . i was more than a little reluctant to take the job because you know it s the murder capital of the state but the pay was surprisingly good and so i up my few and two west . i t know jack about towing so for the first few i rode along with while he me the ropes . this like it d be easy or even fun but he was one hell of a the kind of guy who d let you do the whole setup before tearing it all down because you some tiny thing . at the time it like he was just a sadistic but looking back i can see that he was just safety and worried that a would screw up big time if he t hard on me . to be honest he was probably right . anyway the story that i want to tell took place after i d been working at the towing company for a month . it was th i was staring at a calendar on the wall waiting for my shift to end when the call came in . i got it on the second ring silently getting a new job at . hello this is towing . how may i help you today ? is there ? the man on the other end of the line . he spoke with a strong accent . yeah i can get him on if you want to speak to him or i can take a note . i the desk drawer and produced a then a pen out of my pocket . no i just to make sure this was the right place . he . this is officer speaking there s a car off the road near the turn off to service road and we need it taken to storage . alright we get out there soon . i said . the call ended and i set the phone back on the cradle blowing wind out of my . i to take from off of route to storage because they always ended up in missing . i d already with two in the last month and going through on my break told me that there had been more than a dozen in the last two alone . it was always the same the or sometimes state police would find a car in the ditch somewhere on the highway standing wide open and all the people gone their disappearing a few hundred into the desert . sometimes there was even a second car that over to help them in a similar state . no one ever found the . the door to the bathroom and stepped out his belt with a slight frown on his face . somebody call ? oh yeah i said another car off the road . near service route . . damn . he checked his watch . do you come ? i can do it myself . . i really t have that much to do other than watch and i had a feeling that would judge me for dipping out . and towards the garage . i after him to catch the door just before it closed and barrel through . i locked it behind me mindful of how i d been out the last time i d left it unlocked then hurried over to the passenger door and inside . d already gotten the engine and t even wait for me to buckle my before the truck into gear . the truck through the side streets before turning onto the highway . i filled in on the brief call and then we drove in silence myself staring out into the darkening sky . the were starting to show and even with the light level there were more than there were when i lived in the city after about twenty of driving we rolled through the small town of twin more of a cluster of than a small town and i turned my focus to the road in front of us . the turnoff that the officer had is only a couple of beyond the town and i to get a good look at the crash site so we could get it out easier . the of a stopped state police car came into view and the truck no doubt wondering as i was why there was only a state car there . we were a good way onto the and the preferred to handle these themselves without getting the state involved . the two other times i d seen like this the at the scene were police and even then there were always two . this was weird . the truck to a stop beside the car and rolled the window down looking over to the other vehicle s open window . i forward and over the police car into the beyond . there was a red with its front buried in the dirt and all of its wide open and junk spewing out onto the ground . this was going to be a tough job . howdy you re officer no ? . the officer turned to look at him wearing a trooper hat and dark so large that you could barely make out sickly looking skin around his beard . he like he d been living in a cabin the for the last year . a few long after had spoken to him he in such a manner that it me of that i d gone to school with . s from the car to the van . you re sure we can get this one moving and it won t disrupt anything ? have the gotten out here yet ? the officer stiffly again and shot me a worried look . as i previously i had a fairly serious record and so did my boss . off some cop would be real bad for the both of us but so would cleaning up a crime scene . after nearly a minute of tense silence i felt something push into my side . i down and saw his flip phone towards me . i it and it in my hand uncertain of what to do . go set up the hazard cones . he said speaking than he normally did . i turned and the door sliding out of the seat . before i was all the way out he whispered call the non emergency line and ask if there s an officer here . i the door and to the back of the truck . i the number for the dispatch line and the phone against my ear with my shoulder the traffic cones and flashlight that were kept in a storage panel in either hand . i set out the cones on the road south then around the periphery of the to set up the other pair . all this time the obscenely loud please hold message is in my ear so loud that i m wincing and it s messing up my hearing . that s why i t hear it at first . as i stand back up after dropping the last cone i hear what like a shout coming from off to my left . a chill up my spine and i turn to look at the direction it came from the flashlight following my gaze . that s when the chill turns to full blown ice around my heart . there s a coyote on the far side of the its fur a mangy mixture of yellow and brown . its are . terrifying full of hunger and what i swore could be hatred . its mouth like a door falling off of its . i can t get the on . it said . it . i mean don t have but even if they did i m sure that this one s t be normal it would be like a serial killer s or something i don t know . it s weird i know but my brain was going twelve ways at once and that s what my memory of that moment was . it deep but shallow at the same time just . wrong . i took several back the sudden bright of the making everything to the left of the animal invisible . boss ! i nervously glancing over at the cab of the truck . boss ! what boy . s voice turned from annoyance to fear in a single syllable . the coyote easily over the in a single bound and to inch towards me . ah ! ! don t turn your back on it ! but don t look in its either . back up yeah back up towards the truck . slowly . turn and you die . i to creep back every fiber of my being screaming for me to run for my life as s faded into an intense harrowing silence . i could barely keep myself from turning and . turn and you die i repeated to myself keep backing up . the coyote kept towards me the across the asphalt towards me . it its mouth and repeated the phrase with the same limp motion . it was getting closer and i picked up the pace moving as fast as i could . the coyote was getting closer and closer and a feeling ran down my back as the panic and fear seizing me to nearly . i t want to but i just knew like the sort of way you know something horrible s going to happen that you can t do anything to stop that i m going to to god or anyone else listening that i can make it to the truck before the coyote does but then i felt my come out from under me and i fell backwards my locked on the animal . it and to lunge as my ass the pavement but then the air is filled by the crack of . air by my head as i around and for the truck ripping the door open and leaping inside in what like a single movement . the truck flew backward and and the sound scraping filled the air . i the door shut just in time as us into a point turn and back down the road to . i turned in my seat and stare back towards the stopped car . the state police car was shaking violently but i t see anything else through the tinted . as the car slowly faded out of view i see or at least think i see i m not entirely sure the coyote stepping out on the street on two . like i said i m not entirely sure what i saw but i m pretty sure that s what it was . as we down the road i sat in silence for what must been something like fifteen . after i d somewhat i over to whose were studiously fixed on the road ahead . what was that ? i the shock keeping me from getting my out . some . he . how what it ! how the hell was it talking ? i unable to stem the tide of . did you shoot it ? you shot it right ? then how did it it over me i think . yeah it did and then it the officer . i kept rambling on as we through the city doing what in hindsight must been twenty above the limit . as soon as we were back in the shop out and ran to the opening of the garage and the metal covering thing over it . he came back and turned off the car for me to follow him . i did and we went back into the office where he made a pot of coffee it and handed me a cup . by this point i had sat down in the waiting area and sat in a chair a few away . drink up you can t go to sleep tonight . he said . how come ? i to finally get an answer . . look all i know is that what we saw was some spirit . they re faster and than we are and if you see one your only hope is to get to a truck and get out of there . they re a mix of human and animal and i think they have a chase instinct like the and do . that s why i told you not to run cause i thought that it would . . anyway the only thing you can do is run . you can t shoot it at least not without special regular just piss em off like the officer found out . and then when you get to a solid building you close and lock all the cover any and stay up until dawn the next morning . god willing they leave you alone . if you see one again talk to a shaman . he stood up and off to the back room calling over his shoulder . don t bother i don t know any more . he came back with some and and we covered all the then stayed up talking for the rest of the night had had a long and weird life and he told me about some of the stranger that had . i might tell some of them here if y all want to hear them . the next day i went back home and slept for a full day and we t take any on the for the next week partly because of the incident and partly because of a massive pile up on route near the state line that kept us busy for the next couple days . as a footnote in august of that year i was talking to a cop near another disappearance case and he told me that back in a state policeman had turned up at the door of a trailer a few away in the middle of the night buck naked but without a scratch on him . when they found his car it was covered in blood a mixture of coyote and human but none of it his . it the pantheon of weird that on the devil s highway the first such entry that i had any part in . but those are a story for a different time . i ' been an avid reader of the no sleep forum for and now and have always been fascinated by the that i see . paranormal true crime ghost it ' s all been my thing for a while now . i grew up with the prospect of visiting in my and lopping off of the seemingly innocent it ' s just something you become accustomed to when your family worked for a house for and i ' d like to say i ' seen it all when it comes to the horror world . i ' always been a believer of from a very young age i was raised in a fairly religious family who and squabble about " the only ghost there is of course is the holy ghost " and as a with that notion into my brain who was i to say that they were wrong ? i ' d surely never seen a ghost or experienced what people would call " paranormal activity " so it all a bit too convincing for me to think otherwise . there was always that small notion within the back of my head when my young on me that were real and not the holy . as much as i grew up sheltered from the spirit world and all that gruesome gory scenery of and demonic i ' m one of the most avid within my family to this day onwards . i ' been for now by to post on the no sleep to tell about my change in heart on the belief of the paranormal and . . . . and well now i ' m here . before i go in to any further detail i ' d like to preface everything by giving a bit of insight to my living . i live in a very small country town . a straight shot through with only two grocery and two stop and if that ' t already scream creepy or sketchy to you then where i live most certainly will . i live with my in a little double wide trailer seated carefully within the of the . now when i say i mean . . . . . everywhere you look within my home there are an abundance of and heavy foliage surrounding the area what ' s even is that not too far from our family pool in the there is an abandoned bus . a place that my brother and i have always been to never approach or climb on . no one in my family exactly how the bus got there but no one it . it ' s just something that we ' all accepted as a piece of the scenery . as a child i had an unruly fear of sleeping in my own room despite my older brother out next to me within his room . i was uneasy about the end of the house that our were seated in and just absolutely to ever sleep in there or stay in that room after dark . so i slept with my every night . the moment that become real for me that the uneasy feeling that plagued me forever about that room was on a night i don ' t think i ' ever be able to block from my memory . a night that everything for me and my view upon the paranormal . i remember the encounter just as if it were yesterday the occurrence is still something that down my spine even though i ' t the one to see it with my own two . my brother was roughly around the age of when it making me old . it was roughly around am when it all a shrill cry that throughout the house and then the sound of pounding before my brother through my bedroom door . promptly waking everyone in the room . he frantic even as he the room screeching at my mother to " get from the hallway she back and forth and staring at me . " this was super to my as i was literally laying right next to them in the bed half asleep half awake . never have at once in the night . curious my mother " what is she wearing ? " to which my brother " her purple montana nightgown " this ' t very alarming for anyone at the time because i several knit cotton night . all ranging from montana to high school musical . it ' t until my the cover back revealing that i ' t wearing my montana nightgown but rather my bright red musical one and was fast asleep at this point curled next to my side . i ' t imagine the fear that spiraled throughout my as he to get into the bed with us as my mother departed through the kitchen with her pistol someone had broken in . but nothing was found there was no trace of the little girl or anything . it was as if she ' t even there in the first place . that ' s how we had hoped to keep it for a while . but after that night my brother to ever sleep in that room again and we were to purchase and air mattress to keep within my room for him . he had several about this little girl the for several days coining her with the name of jane after one night of seeing her within his . my father was next to experience the paranormal of this little girl . . . who i ' now call jane since that ' s what she had her name was to my brother within his . dad was a fiend for at the time the sugary that resemble slim a bit too much so we would buy in bulk for him to enjoy . my dad always left early in the morning around am for work and would sometimes not return until or that night maybe even later . the morning was just a normal morning for him as he told us . wake up shower change and eat breakfast before leaving . but something was off . he us that he had gone to reach for a cow tail within the box to eat before leaving to of which he discovered empty . dismayed by this dad the box into our and turned to notice a perfectly place cowtail hanging off the corner of our counter . in the exact same spot he had just the empty box from . not thinking much of it he turned around to pour a glass of orange juice and upon turning back the cow tail was gone . as if it were never there in the first place . so far we ' t had any major with this . . . entity that we now jane . i ' t had any and neither had my mother she to just latch onto the notion of the men within the house . which was fine by me as long as she ' t bother us . unfortunately it ' t be long before my notion on her presence into her being in my home . it was an early morning my and i sat upon the chase in the living room tapping away carelessly on our . my chattering on the phone with my grandmother while i being the carefree year old i was animal jam upon my . it was almost as if a storm had the home when my encounter . what was a normal for me quickly turned into a nightmare as our to flicker and a crackling similar to that of ambience filled my phone call . we it off as just some carrier as we do live deep within the and dont get very well service in our home but that quickly . i sat my neatly upon the chase to go to the and get a cup of tea to sate my thirst when my computer promptly shut off . it ' t dead as i had the plugged in and made sure that i ' t press the off button by accident when i got up . it only took for my to come back from it ' s black screen but now skewed sideways with those weird red and green throughout the screen . i to my mother about how my was acting weird and as soon as the from my my grizzly winter green can went flying across the room drawing our attention quickly . i remember the absolute fear i felt seeing the can go flying across the room it ' t like a gentle roll that could ' been off as our washing machine shaking the house . the can as if someone picked it up and threw it . the most thing was the fact that the can ' t just stay after flying off of the counter but rather arose from the ground once more and almost angrily at the before its place upon the ground . being just me and my mother at home at the time both of us within touching distance of each other and no where near our kitchen counter we ' t write this off as one of us pranking the other and were both stricken with absolute fear . after that my traveled to north to receive a vile of blessed holy water and spread it around the house and would often draw upon my brother and i ' s to " protect " us from whatever were throughout the home . whatever it was that day though was what my interest in the paranormal as well as fear for it . one thing is for sure tho whoever that was that did that ' t too happy that my and i were home better yet happy that we had my brother and dad . link to part i t so many on my last post ! u even said i like a cool guy and by god that kept me smiling all day ! of course they also me weird but i don t have much of a semblance of normal so i suppose they may not have been wrong . a few of you also expressed interest in the radiation pit and i was going to answer but then that i actually don t know all that much about it . like at all . it just . . . and since it s been a constant in this place for as long as i can remember it s never really to me to look further into it . but for you my i decided to go poke around for a bit . only one problem i had to bring with me . when we spoke to the boss he said that i had to be the one showing her around so now i can t go anywhere without her shadowing me and taking . the boss also said i t kill her again because he can be a downer like that . i told him i can t make any because she can be really annoying but he ate three of my and a finger so i decided i should probably just do as he . at least i get off souvenir duty now i suppose . don t worry about my though . they re growing back already and it was only a little bit of insufferable agony . character i reckon . we set off yesterday at about pm . we were supposed to leave in the morning but some were out about their being by former prime minister tony or something and we were back until midday at which point we decided it was to wait until after pm because you never ever go out in the sun at pm . i t wish that on my worst enemy . we wear sun cream if i was so worried about getting burnt and i told her getting burnt was the least of our at pm but she just . she does that a lot . i don t think she how work around here yet . the pit is about half an hour s trek away from the park s entrance and our along one of the many bush formed under the of of . you can tell when you re getting close because your hair to singe especially in your nose . then your start to water . then if you loiter nearby for too long your start twisting of their own accord and little black grow that almost look like . i never hung around beyond that point but one time an old ranger while up on the pit and we had ten new skin hunting in the area with a hard shell over their that almost like . it was s first time at the pit and she t taking it well . what the hell is this ? she when we its edge up her nose at the searing that out from under the blue tarp . is this . . . is this a garbage pit ? in the middle of the forest we re supposed to be ? ? no . i said . it s not garbage . it kind of is i guess since we throw most of our trash in there but that s only because the pit it . it eats most of it within the day so it s not like we re . i don t litter . i ' m not a monster . then what is it ? it s the radiation pit . she at me then at the pit then back at me . why is there a radiation pit in the middle of our park ? i t like the way she it our park but i had more important to focus on . i . i untying the tarp from the around the pit . that s what i m here to find out . we have to cover the pit with a new tarp every since it to eat through them in the span of a week or so . one time we forgot read was on holiday and a bunch of got into it . it s always bad news when something living in there cause they don t come out the same . that s how the drop came about the little . luckily they were the only that have ever to get in on our watch . actually scratch that . there was that one time that threw in a red back spider one of s in a heroic attempt to create a real life spider man . needless to say it t end as she hoped it would but for a sentient foot tall red back roger is actually pretty chill . anyway i undid the tarp and whipped it away from the pit before it could fall inside and be eaten . hesitantly with a single bead of sweat rolling down her forehead over the steep drop in dusty earth . the hole was absurdly dark for its relatively small depth . even in the middle of the day any light that to fall in there without a trace leaving only a void of nothingness that you to fill it with . . . something . i seen people try to throw themselves in there just to fill that void . the darkness ended about twenty down in a writhing mass of green which a weak neon light that stood no chance against the darkness . i knew that as she over the edge the would turn to her with remarkably pitiful for hollow translucent with no or discernible . she stuck out her lower lip . they look so sad . i almost she go down and help them but remember what the boss had said . besides if she went down there alive who what would come back out again . so instead i just said i seen them strip flesh from bone . and she turned away from them making a face . why are we here ? she . because i don t think we should be anywhere near that thing without hazard on . i t want to tell her about the post i made or any of my true in case she on me and i got my tongue out . i m . i said instead . she at me sideways . there have got to be better ways of entertaining yourself than getting radiation poisoning . oh i don t think it s actually radioactive . just alive probably . i said to comfort her but from the distressed look on her face i it t work . besides i continued if you had brought any with you then i t have to find any way to entertain myself . she . we d had this argument before . considering she brought literally three up here with her even if she t know it and considering just how much of a she like with her expression and neat uniform i find it ridiculous that she brought not a single book with her to hold me over until our next drop . i had finished my last one a few days before at that point and there s really not much else to do out here a lot of the time . especially when a special delight in giving me the boring work . we came up here to help people and our planet . she said tersely . not read . i t tell her that none of us were here for that reason except for her . oh actually that me ! you know the that she brought up with her ? there were three of them all identical sure to become a problem at some point if she kept dying and showing up again without her . well they re gone now . just the day after my first post i out to check the parking lot and boom they re gone . their tire lead out into the foliage even though all the and undergrowth should have made passage in such large impossible . i t investigate further . if people drive out into the bush without the proper gear . . . well then it s their bloody funeral . not that they be getting a funeral of course . just a nice new meal for the pit . anyway we spent an hour or so poking around the pit . now that i was out there i really t know what i was looking for . taking . she a lot of but this time i actually it because i ' m pretty sure that s what you re supposed to do when you re investigating . i tried spearing one of the on a long stick with a end . it let out a wheezy death cry then lost its glow and the around it immediately turned on its corpse . they it and it was gone within a few . then they turned on the stick swarming up it in in an attempt to reach my and the freedom beyond . i shook them off . taking but i told her she should never take out here . it s not safe . i think she thought i was just trying to be contrary because she t speak to me again until we left . when we got back to the main camp split off to head to her cabin and get up . i continued on to the souvenir shop to laugh at s boredom since she had been forced to man the desk while i took care of . when i though i was mildly put off to find that her day had probably been far less boring than my own . she was engaged in battle with a flock of rabid who flew about the small wooden shop in a cloud bumping over and into with the grace of a blind poodle . every now and then one or a few would swoop at poised at her but they would always be beaten away at the last second . if you want my she a toy like a baseball bat then come and get them you . a team of five choose that moment to swoop at her and she to hit them all with the in one epic sweep . then it like a mortar and pestle she ground their prone into the floor below blood and and various other into the half . it was pretty bloody but there s really no other choice in season . i into the shop and armed myself with two polished boomerang the end of one of them to spear a bird that was swapping at me with an ear piercing shriek . seriously why did they make the of these toy so sharp ? within a few most of them were dead and those that t had fled back to their to plan their next offensive . we down our with toilet paper from the drop toilet outside and put them back on the most of the bird gore removed . so i said panting and from my how was your day ? ugh she blood from her hair . so eventful ! i t get a spare moment ! huh . i said feeling . first we had to chase out tony cause he kept leaving dead around the front driveway and away the . huh . i said again feeling even more . and then roger came by and we got to catch up . he tried to rip me open and lay in my gut but apparently he s found himself a cute so that s nice . she continued . huh . and then these up of course . it s season . it s always season . i my luck . of course the one day i ' m off desk duty is the day it becomes interesting . is that all ? i somewhat . oh yeah and the old god tried to awaken again and the boss had to whip out his . hot . that s my dad . i her wondering how the day could get any worse . she t seem too repentant and i almost decided to kill her before i that she can t actually come back like could and i would probably miss her if she was gone for good . so . . . yeah . that was my day yesterday . pretty normal all considered but i to let you all know that i m making an effort to look into the you know about . i ask the boss about the radiation pit next time we find a worthy sacrifice so i can find out more since he s been here longer than all of us . and since there was interest in the i think next time i tell you the story of ava and the birthday massacre . until then see yah ! link to part i had up sweating and my window for a breeze but it only to let in the humidity and the of a drunken quarrel down the street . i paced back to my feeling the floor s grit on my bare and i sat on the edge of it resting my head in my rubbing my through their closed to massage the soreness out of them . many of my nights were like this . i d sleep for two and wake up with a gasp sweating and anxious . i think it s because sleep was the only time my mind had a chance to think about what i always that i was me inescapably so . that s how i ended up here . i thought if i went to school and learned how to become a writer i d be able to be happy . after graduating i found a job in my and writing for a local newspaper but i soon how pointless it felt . after covering of the same story or the local i t take it . the cubicle the air conditioner directly above my desk that made my numb the who with me in the break room that were impossible to end . that s when i accepted a job across the country . that s what i told my family and at least . the real reason was i felt trapped by who i was who people thought me to be . my family and the same people who i went to high school with were still there and i was inserted back into the old that i thought i had grown out of . i had to get away . i soon found that leaving t get me away from the thing i the most . it t the people . it was just me . i had my to see a silhouette standing before my window . for a moment i thought i had my too hard leaving those moving black that you get if you stare at a light too long but as my it . i panicked as one does when someone in their apartment but my body froze as the figure turned to me . it was wholly unnatural and i knew that whatever it was it was closer to a dream than to reality . it t illuminated by the tawny glow from the coming through the window and it had no real form at all . despite that i knew what it was . a man nearly six tall wearing duster and with his hooked in his pant . i could see the in its jacket and the impression of facial . a piercing ache shot through my and i . when i my again it was still there seemingly waiting for me to finish what i was doing . don t focus too much on what i am it said . i m just here to help . his voice was smooth yet coarse like a stream of sand falling on concrete . help how ? a go yourself down the street and the man his head to glance out the window . i help people kill themselves . he turned back to me . interested ? what are you ? it was the only thing i could think to ask at the time . the man to himself . you don t need to ask who i am . his tone was friendly but dismissive . besides i m sure you already know . he . some part of you at least . but you don t know either . people are funny they know without the whole time . the man took a deep breath then sharply . his posture loosen as he back against the window frame . i tell you what i tell everyone . i m here cause you want me here . this t about what i want it s about what you want . and don t fool yourself cause what you re is real . real as it i suppose he mused to himself again . but you want me here . but i don t want to kill myself i said . i had thought about it but each time i thought about it it out of the question . i know that he said again with the snide tone . my question is if you could kill part of yourself . would you still be interested ? before i had a chance to answer he continued . course you are . we all be better right ? less forgetful get the to chat up the one that caught your eye or not run away when you i had to look away under the man s stare my forcing themselves shut welling up . the man until i back up at him . it s all the same story at the end of the day . you re all the same . but if it to you it to me . here s the thing sweetheart . take a good look at this . the man into his coat and a layer of shadow giving depth to his ambiguous form . as he his hand i saw a glimmer of silver gold by the light . it was a revolver . this is a colt walker . caliber six . the man turned it a couple times in the light examining it like a familiar painting . pretty old fashioned but that s back when people made to last . this s been around and seen some . take a good look at him cause he s be your best friend for however long you need him . as i said i help people kill themselves . might not be an honorable but it s the one i got all the same . can t rightly say if it s dishonorable if i simply go around making wish reality huh ? he cut me off before i could respond . but i need to tell you a couple before you go around poppin yourself and . are funny dirty . always with a price that you re to pay until you realize that maybe just maybe you were just fine before . but hey he threw his arms out the revolver half dangling in his hand what do i know huh ? i can already see you about that trigger . it s why i m here . no sense talking you out of it . he the gun by its barrel and it to me . i hesitate a moment before taking it . its cool and i am taken off guard by my urge to press it against my cheek like a glass of water . won t make a difference so i go over how it works . that gun it t for you the shouting interrupted him and a dog barking . and it t for them out there either he added amused with himself . he casually the muzzle on his head like it was nothing more than his finger . it s for those extra you s in your head . all those and of yourself you don t like . pull the trigger and bang ! gone . that must be what you want cause i only come when i m . like that way . knock and it shall be . i could break out the wine and cheese and dance around like an idiot but i know that all you d be doing is staring down that shiny little barrel if it s actually true . if that little piece of metal can actually grant that wish you got . it does but you don t have to believe me right away . but like most swirl em around in your head long enough and they start to get polished yeah ? whatever you were thinking before about how you d never do it it getting a soft little sheen . before you know it you have used up those five . there s only one rule five for them . go find them and point that gun at them . all those you s you hate . i know you got plenty . you go around each day pounding yourself in the head why you re so miserable and coming to the same conclusion . thinking it s not where you re at it s you . i seen it all . the you been through the loneliness . alone in here about getting a dog because you d feel like someone would at least need you . thinking about those porcelain you give to your boss your tap those with so much as a little hammer and it all away . you know what they d see that i already do ? disdain bitterness . all that ugliness you hide ? yeah i see it . you can t hide from me . i see em . you me here to fix your problem grant your wish remember ? you kill yourself but not quite in the conventional way . you already been hard at it . you been doing it your whole life . i m just here to get you on your way . get you to that you that you be . that s why i tell you a story but you re not listen . nope it s like all you do . don t matter if your fifty or five . when you get that idea you start it around . you hold onto it . you t even polite sitting there staring down at your lap already fiddling with it . i up at him then suddenly feeling like a child . the man shook his head his shaking in silent laughter . you t for but i m tell you this anyway . why ? guess i think i m pretty nice giving you a chance to say no because trust me there s better ways . but you don t say no . your head s already racing with all those you s you hate . i tell you this story then i be out of your hair . it s about you . it s about me . it s about all us . the reason i m you this is because it t have to this way but it t matter none . you re t listen to what i just said anyways . the story is the one about the dead people . you know it already . the world is filled with the dead . stuffed to the with them . some manage to make it to their some barely escape the womb . you see em everywhere . post office grocery store . don t need to be a scientist to see that glazed over look in their . but we re excellent t we ? we love to pretend that we t dead . the empty husk we are polished til it . new late nights long that dog we about . filling our with stuff like it s covering it all up so you can t see the sunken beneath your . you know the funny part ? you do it to yourself . you don t even need me . you stare straight down the barrel and you bite that bullet like it s candy . and you re looking down that barrel right now . we say let s make ourselves better . oh i m too quiet . i don t know what to do . out simple enough but killing yourself s t it ? you start seeing that silver bullet in your sleep . hell you already are . looking real pretty after a bit after life going your way . you think yourself a good person who to think the best but you won t let that last either cause someone around you will bite a bullet of their own and hurt you . bang . then there goes that part of you too . it s always the same . one of you get hurt by someone else and your response ? whip it out and bang ! and it ' s always someone else ' s fault even if it ' s the other you ' s . sounding like the fourth of for god s sake . and you re at me why are you still here ? remember what i told you at the start when i gave you this gift ? five for them s what i said . ever wonder who that last bullet s for ? the you that s too hesitant the one that was too the that too hard not hard enough or too much ? those of you ya kill . you re hit that sixth bullet before too long and you re keep that trigger without anything happening . the last one s for you sweetheart . don t look at me like that . you standing there looking at that gun . what s be left huh ? what of you stayed intact ? by that point the person i ' m standing in front of now will be empty . i pray to god you don t get to that point . i think the only reason i m thinking about any of this is because i found the gun tonight . i over something in the darkness and it spun into the square of moonlight coming through my window . the silver revolver of white . i outside the gold that one night and the was and bent out of shape like a car had hit it . i can t remember when it . i picked the gun up feeling its coolness and back to my feeling the grit on my . how many have since that night ? i m still sitting on my broken in the middle of the night sweating listening to the dogs bark and the shouting down the street . i feel like there was a baby that used to cry but i have no idea when that stopped . i know that i have been working at a gas station down the road but the days blended so much that it could have been a few or a few . there is so much missing time . this gun that man they took everything from me . never have i ever had sex in a car . was s contribution to the game . no surprise there nun had always been a puritanical prude . i took a confident gulp from my cup locked with as he suit . as he finished and his cup he a flirty wink and nod my way . i shot back a devilish smirk in return gently biting my bottom lip . under my gaze to himself trying to be discreate and avoid the group s attention as he did . damn straight our post tumble in the back of your daddy s caddy is going to stick with you forever . nobody else the electricity between and i they were mostly too busy drinking themselves . up her face in response to the group . you are all such . everyone bust out laughing . josh who t drank on the turn quickly never have i ever been a degenerate . his turn . oh you re a degenerate don t yourself . back . well crap now guess i better drink . you all suck . said pouting . the room burst out laughing again . next up after the group back down and the game was . never have i ever nervously struggling to think of anything . he to proceed and i he likely t want to give away how inexperienced in life he was . somebody . he finished . i let out a quick boo in response . who this guy ? the point of the game was to get wasted and to do that you never have i ever that people actually did . a question like that t going to do anything but leave the room thirsty . everyone and to look around to see who was up next the game could get back on track . that was when a giant man child both physically and mentally from the grade above me tipped his cup to his and down his entire drink . the circle of people sat in silence as he did a bewildered tension passing from person to person through uneasy . i need a refill said to nobody in particular shaking his now empty cup in the air with his big meaty hand . you re supposed to take a sip how many did you kill ? said then burst into laughter . on cue the entire circle as well . the tension of the situation and relief took over the room . it had to be a joke . had to . though i just t get myself to join the in the moment . maybe i was being but it just t feel right to laugh . what made me more uneasy was when i over at being by smiling him on the back him for the gag . t laughing either . it was a joke my best friend me . you re starting to sound like prissy bitch nun . we had been wasting time between classes when i had let slip i was a bit out by s answer during that never have i ever game . it just like kind of a up thing to joke about . i said trying to shrug it off . have you met the we out with ? as she rolled her . their idea of classy humor is dead baby and like rick and . what ? the show is rick and not . the hell do i care ? said clearly fed up with me . i m just making a point . they are immature not violent . i guess i reluctantly agreed . don t go this to anyone else ? . if you get us to being with i m going to hate you forever . her were harsh but the kissy doll tone in her voice made it obvious she was . you could never hate me . that s true . you know i love your face . she back . anyway i m off to class you headed this way ? no actually i need to go over to the science wing . i t have a class in the science wing that day but i knew that the boy who had the question during the game was a aid for one of the which meant he might be there . i had for him . i found next to the door that led into chemistry lab . hey . said confusion on his face as he me b line in his direction . we rarely if ever spoke . you need something ? i t mince i t have time . what made you ask that question the murder one at the party on ? s went wide and his arm forward my hand . he me in close and whispered not here . what do you mean i . not . here . anger or maybe fear washed across his . i could feel his grip tighten crunching my but beyond that force i could feel something else . he was shaking like a leaf . if you want to talk we can do it after school in the library . said his voice weak . i tutor some on the baseball team today and they never show . if you want to talk meet me there . after the final bell of the day rang i time for about . i t want anyone to see me going into the library and ask me what i was doing . i already felt awkward . when i finally the library was empty except for . the librarian sitting at the front desk . it i had her as she quickly minimize a match . profile and to instead mindlessly move from her desk to a push cart beside her chair . i around the room is here ? . up from her work then towards the back of the room . he was at that back table for a bit but he left a few ago . crap i d him he must gotten tired of waiting and left . i to turn to leave when i a red folder sitting on top of the desk where had been . curious i decided to check it out . on the cover of the folder was my full name sawyer in neat block . had left this for me ? my were shaking as i for the folder and it only to have a stack of calculus study from the . are you me ? i out . miss sawyer library ! . gave a whispered yell that only can manage . then around to say look where you are you dummy . i left in a huff . was going to pay . i was in my room later that night still a bit about getting blown off when my phone . text from hey . text from me what the hell do u want ? text from you got the folder i left for you right ? text from me yea blowing me off . text from sorry the i tutor actually up . text from me oh so y u giving me ? text from that was just a cover . in case anyone else beside you found the folder . text from me ? text from did you look at the stuff behind it ? behind it ? i the folder from my bag . behind of practice were from a newspaper . the main article on the front page with . missing family of three now dead . city mi the family and have been missing since june th . despite the of the search no trace of the family been found . have declared that at this time the family is to be dead in the center of the article was a picture of the family . the father was wearing thick rimmed glasses and a sweater vest and tie . his hair had just crossed the line from thinning to but he like he t willing to admit it yet . wife sat next to him with her kind big smile and zero fashion sense . below them sat their son . he was a short and scrawny with coke bottle glasses like his father . not a single member of the family familiar . why had left me a news clipping of a missing family from halfway across the country ? just because one of the the son the same name as a guy at our high school ? who ? my cousin a name with a famous literary character but that t mean he into doing his for him . i felt silly for been so concerned with this . what had i to find ? this was real life not some report on . i was the folder when i there was a second clipping the continuation of the news article . the text on this page was a different picture with a caption that read . under the direction of the michigan state police student help with the search . in the picture stood a group of high school age towards the photographer . in the middle of the group stood the hulking figure of a person i from school . or at least the person i knew as . according to the paper the boy pictured was martin . what the hell was going on ? i lost track of time pouring over the article . i read it start to finish again and again . eventually i had gone through it so many times i had nearly every word of it to memory . instead of again over that well worn trail i decided to hopped on my computer and search for any information i could find on the family . i down a rabbit hole of and news but there was very little additional information . all i learned was that they never found any member of the family and they never had any at least not they with the public . my focus on the case information on my screen was so intense that when a knock on my bedroom door interrupted me i out loud . i composed myself and back yeah out i know . assuming it was my father warning me that it was time to turn in for the night . but the knock repeated again and again so that i went over unlocked my bedroom door and it open . my father stood there but he was not alone next to him was a uniformed police officer . my father spoke first . sweety don t freak out but this officer is here because a classmate of yours gone missing . what do you mean ? i was just with him . i said then at my clock . oh that was over ago . then the officer spoke . yes we know . it based on the in his phone that you were the last person to talk with him . we are going to need you and your father to come with us down to the station . we have some . but i t have any not . i knew who had taken knew what that likely meant for him . i knew what had to the s what that monster was capable of . i just t know how to prove any of they a traditional wedding . for her that meant and a tea ceremony . for him that meant a chapel and in his . for me it meant a long sweaty dusty drive in the passenger seat of a pickup truck bouncing on washboard gravel while my melted like an ice cream cake at a forth of picnic . i ' t know the couple getting but my friend a beard for the event . still ' t out to his devoutly religious who were our only real connection to the event . his were or business or both or something with the bride ' s . six matrimonial of bacon or whatever . " . i ' m starting to look like a horror movie . there ' d better be an open bar at this thing . " " i a couple of just in case no way i ' m getting through any of this sober . thanks for doing this by the way . is that our exit ? " he forward in the driver ' s seat and squinted at a hand painted sign on a pole by what could have been a forest service road . i could barely make out the drippy . summer had been brutal and so much of the surrounding foliage had turned brown and crispy in the heat . i doubt we would have spotted it if the greenery had been intact . turned the blinker on before taking the turn even though we had been the only vehicle on the road for . despite heat that was throwing up on the horizon a chill ran through me as we over that crossroad . i pointed the vent on the passenger ' s side of the dashboard to my face and got a blast of hot air for my trouble . hell of a day for a wedding . it was with relief that we spotted the gravel parking lot outside already full of almost exclusively four wheel drive and trucks . milled about in fancy dress by miserable looking in serving as . some had already folded their over their arms and in the of some ventilation . as a parking space i watched a plump woman in a lilac dress admonish one of the into up . from the way she bossed the help and enthusiastically with the smile i ' d ever seen i guess she was one of the soon to be in . not wanting to come under her ire i myself the best i could with from the glove compartment before we stepped out to join the throng . the plump woman shook ' s hand and air my . i had correctly she was the mother of the groom . her smile fell far short of her . i braced myself for a train wreak of a speech from her at the reception . she past me and let out a little shriek . i on the turned around to see the bride stepping out of a black that must have been washed this morning but was now filthy around the wheel and grill . she was glowing . under the bright noonday sun she her own . her surrounded her one holding out a hand so the tiny woman could hop down without her hem in the grit of the lot . in the other hand she her veil . she wore a red gown in the traditional style . the were all laughing about something when the mother in law bustled her way toward them spitting and hissing like an kettle . " here we go . " as he a flask from his inside jacket pocket . " wedding bingo . take a shot . " i took the flask as we watched the bride ' s face crumple . the older woman only some of which i caught . " . . . enough that my son is marrying an oriental heathen ! " " . . . our like a common . . . ! " " . . . this is a god place ! " " you will wear white " " . " i . i ' t it to start so soon . the formed a barrier around the poor girl and her away around the back of the building . with the show over for now and i made our way inside to gossip with the rest of the people in our pew on the bride ' s side of the chapel . twenty sweaty uncomfortable later we were starting to get restless . there still ' t any sign that the wedding was going to start soon . i if it would start at all . the priest and stepped into position . instead of anything he to launch into a long rambling sermon that got more bizarre as it went along . " what denomination is this ? " i whispered to . he . " not sure . my going after i out . speaking of have you seen them ? i don ' t think they ' re here yet . " his were white to the edge of the pew as the priest in on a series of about that to have very little to do with love and a whole lot to do with being washed in the blood . i took ' s hand before he lost circulation . he tersely in thanks . we what felt like of this . the groom ' s side of the church had twice the number of people all with little white to cool themselves . it was eerie to watch them nod and wave in to the from the pulpit . i kept waiting for to turn to snake handling and speaking in . i ' t gone to church since i was about seven old but there was no way this was a service . " and it came to pass by the way in the inn that the lord met him and sought to kill him . then took a sharp stone and cut off the foreskin of her son and cast it at his and said surely a bloody husband art thou to me . " " what " i whispered . " the . " nervously . the people next to us to shift uncomfortably . one older couple got up to excuse themselves drawing the sour gaze of everyone on the other side of the aisle . a pit that had been growing in my stomach since we ' d . the heat was making me dizzy . " how weird would it be if we were at the wrong wedding ? like if this was just some random wedding that we by accident because we took a wrong turn ? " " i don ' t know . i don ' t recognize any of these people . maybe we should just ditch . " we were just standing to leave when someone who must have been the best man up the the priest and whispered something in his ear . the older man and then that there was to be a change of venue . before the wedding could continue a baptism must take place . the groom ' s side of the church all politely . the bride ' s side just happy not to be sitting on the hard wooden any more . the same teenage who had us to our us out the front door again . we the crowd down a narrow path through the scrub and dying to a symphony of and . though it had barely been noon when we it was now late afternoon with the sun laying heavy and fat and golden over the landscape . it made everything around us just a little too real . every blade of brittle grass and bare branch stood in sharp relief while the horizon a wavy haze . and i and each other ' s . we were caught in the flow of the crowd with no way back except through scabby undergrowth and muck . we came to a clearing with a pond . no use it was a lake . perhaps it had been at one point before the sun had stolen the water here and left a murky hole in the earth . the water was tar black and stank . the bride came down a different path . in contrast to her first arrival she miserable . her gown had been with a white garment that could not have been for her petite frame . she the end of it up in one hand all her concentration on not tripping down the path . the groom broke away from his entourage to steady her the rest of the way . he about as happy as she did and they an knowing exasperated glance while the congregation to sing a hymn . that ' s when i stopped being able to see the horizon at all . i don ' t know how to explain it . beyond the of the pond the world just stopped . the only part of the world that was this gathering all too crisp and high definition like a television with the frame rate set too high . the priest spoke though i could not tell you the he said . it was more like the buzz of through a megaphone . there were no more to the hymn but a humming unison of . as one the groom ' s forward waist deep into the pond . was this right ? was any of this right ? could you say " i object " at a baptism ? my head felt stuffed with cotton . i remember being on the hem of the white dress as the bride the lapping water . she tugging against the priest ' s grip as he her in and then under . she came up screaming . the skin of her face was was boiling blistering off . the priest could not hold her arms as the skin peeled from them when she away through syrupy thick liquid . her dress to change from white to red nothing to keep the blood inside of her . the in the water at her trying to pull her back as she and to us for help . the of her were white . bone white . they kept trying to pull her back moving forward up out of the water enough to reveal muscle and tendon and bone and nothing left of the lower half of their . how could they still be moving ? how could they have enough strength to snatch her to plunge her under again ? we ran . it was like running through waist high water . it was like running in a nightmare . we ' t find the path . grasping broke our skin . made us stumble and fall but and i fast to each other like we were life thrown to . we ' t stop . we ' t slow down . the song of the choir us through the forest and into the night . they found us by the highway . an elderly couple that to unlock the of their sedan until the ambulance to pick the pair of us up . there were a lot of of us . there were few we could answer . ' s picked us up from the hospital the next morning . they ' d been out almost all night at a wedding and told us all about how upset they were that we ' d it on the long drive home . at my place i tried to shower off the grime and horror but i had to tear down my shower curtain before i could do it . every time water touched the white fabric i swear i saw it turn red . hello my name is . i ' been a police officer for now and i ' worked on a variety of some problematic some traumatic and quite disturbing . i guess that ' s why i ' m here . i ' m always assigned the graveyard the that are in at night and for that reason i am always the one investigating those that are a tad more troubling than your average day to day routine . i ' seen more dead that you can imagine and yes it was excruciatingly hard to deal with at first but i ' learnt to come to with what i ' seen . i ' become quite robust i guess you could say . and when you end up catching the bad guy the are rewarding . you can go to sleep knowing that the person will never hurt another human being again will never cause anyone heartache . so yeah you take the bad with the good . i like to see the in a situation you see . no matter how hard that may be . if i ' t do that i ' t be able to do my job effectively and there is nothing i can think of that s worse than that . nearly all of the i have carry some form of normality they can always be understood to a degree . all the evil i ' caught and everything they ' done you can put their hell even their into a box and tick it . however recently i ' found that this can ' t always be the case . you can ' t always put something into a neat and tidy box . life apparently ' t that way . recently my partner and i were in to investigate a rather disturbing and peculiar case . i have never seen anything like it nor do i think i ever will again . it ' s left me so . . . dismayed because i can ' t make sense of it and that ' s not how my life usually works . i can ' t share the specific pertaining to the case but i to share the from a diary discovered at the scene . the contents are highly troubling and i am after some clarification on what could have possibly . the case is yet to be . entry i not been feeling myself lately . at first i put it down to extreme fatigue but then when other to crop up i frightened . i was sure i was dying . it off with just tiredness as i said then my really to escalate to a terrifying degree . i feeling really sick too sharp my stomach every time i and i could feel vomit travel up throat but when i tried to be sick nothing came out . my were horrifically blood shot too i could see the little red so clearly and i swear at times i could see them . . . move and slither like a serpent . i did the usual i went to the doctor what was happening to me and as i was off . apparently it was all just a build up of anxiety and exhaustion and what i was seeing ' t real . according to the professional my ' t bloodshot and there was absolutely nothing wrong with my stomach . i was given some anxiety medication and sent on my way . but they ' t help and the only proved to worsen . my family and me off too calling me a hypochondriac i could hear the irritation that dogged their when i . pretty soon they stopped my phone altogether . over the next couple of days i tried my best to ignore the that plagued my body my mind . i took my but they did nothing to alleviate my anxiety if anything it was to extreme . i panic and often it felt like i ' t breathe . my chest would constrict so tightly as if my were shrinking under immense pressure a pressure that ' t be seen nor . i up blood . that in itself was alarming but it was what i saw in the blood that sent a shiver down my spine . the blood was a deep red almost black in colour and it and boiled hot to the touch . it so strangely too giving me the impression of in a disturbed ocean and i thought i could see something black moving within . i ' t want to touch it . entry so i ' waking up with bizarre scratches all over my arms face and body . i ' t tell if they were self but i found no blood underneath my which that i did it to myself . the scratches were long and deep with long . my were short . each morning i would wake up and there would be new wounds and no matter how much i and them they would not stop bleeding . i was convinced i was dying and it me i ' t want to die . when i at myself in the mirror i could no longer myself . my skin had turned sallow it carried a sort of yellowy and ashy hue . like someone had dug me up . if i ' t dying then i sure it . my hair to fall out too i would find of it scattered in my bed . i figured i should probably go to the emergency room . that thought had crossed my mind a few times during all this but i was too to go . but i had become so desperate so i my and decided to go . i really don ' t like sick people though . entry when i got to the hospital the first thing i was how deathly quiet it was . it was so silent it made me feel uncomfortable . the usual hectic bustle that you would expect to see in an emergency room was completely here . there were no running around tending to no rushing about with their and . nothing . there were a few people waiting though . they sat motionless staring ahead of them and from what i could see their arms to be entirely up . . . like mine . i over to the check in desk but once again to my utter surprise there was no one there . crestfallen i over to one of the waiting room sat down and at my . i to god that someone would be able to help me here and i felt somewhat that were here too seemingly suffering from the same strange affliction . and no one to me . i felt so strange sick and on the verge of passing out . i turned my weary head behind me and saw that the other people were all staring straight at me . out i got up and groggily over to the other side of the room . i ' t in the mood to speak to anyone and i had hoped that my getting up and moving further away would suggest this and that my air of annoyance would be apparent . i must have out because when i awoke i saw the people from standing around me . one of them a man was sat next to me . he so close to my face that i could feel his nose brush mine . his were murky almost black . i could feel his breath on my face as he to speak to me whispering almost . " ' we all have it here . we are all infected . ' " he said and then he . end . you see when we were to the scene the hospital was empty there was not a soul there . all we found was blood so much blood and the diary . we haven ' t been able to locate its owner nor the people that were in the . we haven ' t been able to locate any of the hospital staff either . the whole place was a ghost town . i ' m at a complete loss as are all my . it ' s just so strange the whole thing . and you know what else is strange ? i ' really not been feeling myself lately . . . old big are supposed to be scary right ? the the the you see or think you see it ' s all just part of living in an old house . that ' s what my used to tell me back when i d cry out for them in the middle of the night to protect me from whatever threat my imagination had . the long unlit with that seemingly led nowhere the cellar that had shut and the untold that might lurk within all provided the perfect fodder for my undeveloped mind . it can be both a blessing and a curse to be a child and have such an overactive imagination . the and are the stuff of the and not so much . little like making sure your and head are covered and night only work so far . you either eventually overcome your fear or it you . fortunately for me the soft from my mother and the stern yet comforting from my father eventually won out and my nightly and fever a relic of my distant past . the of college and a life outside the family nest me away as soon as i graduated high school and eventually contact with my family to taper off . there were no harsh no bad blood . life simply took me in a new direction . my family was supportive . they had their dogs and to keep them alive and working . i still wrote and as often as i could and on the homestead were an annual tradition . yet still no matter how old i got no matter how many times i would sleep in my old bed as a grown man i never forgot those early the night and the dread of something crawling up through my and on top of me . the last few were harder than the before . my work would take me all over the world on endless and so my to the house less and less frequent . the phone drying up on both and i settled into my new normal as work me whole . then the call came . the call every child past a certain age . i was just heading out the door to catch my car to the airport when the call came . it s said that when an offspring their they can truly feel their own mortality for the first time . my autopilot turned on as my father s lawyer laid out the entire story during my long car ride . but right from the beginning nothing was sounding right . they had been dead for the last several told me his thick with cold and corporate verbiage used by most of his profession . ? why was i hearing about this now ? my heart sank and immediately i was plagued by an inescapable current of guilt . my to recover the last memory i had of my the last phone call i had made . but i t place the specific memory . had it really been that long ? t tell me much more than a vague time of death as there was still an ongoing investigation by local state and federal . that was most unusual of all . what could possibly have that so many law enforcement would be involved in the of an elderly couple ? was incredibly restrained in what he would divulge and i was more than a little with him after only a few . worse yet is that all their dogs and were missing and assumed to have run away though no one s seen them since . my parent s will had been very clear however all their assets money and yes the old homestead were to be left to me with a small portion going to the various they over the . i barely had time to process the situation before my driver that we had at the airport . in a hazy blur i was through customs and before i knew it i was across the pond yet again . to drown my guilt and sorrow with my work only ended in sleepless nights with only a morning to remind me i was alive . mercifully this trip was a short one and once i was back home i a bag and my journey back home . that was when i made my biggest mistake . i t to bring along with me for this trip . something right from the very beginning was gnawing at the back of mind telling me to stay behind . was my beloved shepherd given to me as a birthday gift by . he had only just the year mark but was still as lively and energetic as ever . he d also never been to the house as it was an unnecessary expense to bring him along . i him during my long away from home eternally grateful for my who for him in the interim . but now i was torn between my grief and fear at being alone in the house for the first time in my adult life and the small seedling of doubt that grew little by little each day . after debating over it for a few days i decided had to come along . i wish i had left him home . i m sorry . the homestead was far enough away that a long distance drive with in the car was out of the question . we flew quite comfortably first class . well i did at least though i made sure was snug and well taken care of in the pet cargo . we landed in the middle of a tumultuous thunderstorm and was not to run in the torrential downpour to the pick up area where my old childhood friend was waiting patiently by . and i had been the best of growing up her had lived only two down from ours . we naturally grew apart as most childhood do but kept in contact via and now the occasional chat . she had been to hear about my as she had care for them as they had gotten older . the entire town had been talking about it though it was a hush hush subject according to her . people would look over their to make sure they t being before any regarding the strange . i t so much as the cause of death yet and still my parent s were the talk of the town . our ride to the house was uneventful . the storm on around us as we turned down familiar streets passing a joint back and forth and making the occasional joke just like old times . under different i had hoped to make my wife someday . our had crossed but had never long enough for a connection to truly take root . my work had made me a virtual recluse and now with my familial gone suddenly my world now much smaller and . made the final turn onto the driveway that led to the house . normally the from inside could be seen shining all the way from the road even in the . tonight with no one to keep the on the scene was shrouded in by the inky black night sky . his head up he was close to a familiar spot . the dread in the back of my head its ugly head as the house came into view . once upon a time the had been painted a bright red the wrap around porch with and and each window illuminated with a single candle . there was none of that now and there never would be again . the had long since faded and the paint chipped away the and porch now overgrown with shrubbery . the truck switched into idle and all three of us sat there silently taking in the scene before us . nature had definitely taken its toll on the house and with the storm flashing its rage right behind it the homestead had never more uninviting . you going to be here by yourself ? spoke up you can always stay with me . i over at her smiling face . a tempting offer to say the least . my to our last night together before i left town for good the way her face in the dim light of her bedroom the way her had a taste of whiskey . thanks but i think i be alright . it s just for a few days until the estate is settled i said begrudgingly as i into the back to get my . i went to leave the car but back at her to say . was no longer looking at me but out of her windshield at the house . something about her expression concerned me . she cautious almost . there was an intensity in her i had not seen before . she t looking at the house she was looking beyond it . something nearby perhaps ? or maybe something inside ? something wrong ? i spoke up . her response was she t snap back out of it or anything like that . just a moment ' s pause then she back at me as she spoke . no nothing . just . . . she again be careful . ever since your this house been giving us all the willies . you t believe some of the people have been saying around town . i was curious now . this had been the real bit of information i had gotten from anyone about their since the news broke . like what ? i though i admit i was more than a little anxious . just . you know how people are here they gossip when they don t know or don t want to find out on their own . there was some talk about the county sheriff s office coming out here someone thought they saw the . someone even they saw animal control up here not too long after the were found . animal control ? i said incredulously . i back at the house now some monstrosity ripping its way out of the . i t think too much into it . i think they just want to know what . quite frankly so do i admitted . me too was all i could muster . a quiet dark energy had taken over the mood . i took one last look at the house before finally reaching for the door . well wish me luck i said as i the door rain instantly soaking through my first layer of clothing . hopped out right behind me and was already sitting on the front porch before i had even gotten the rest of my . call me if you change your mind . my home s always open . said with a smile and a glint in her . i certainly would . i and waved her . she by just long enough to see me reach the porch and grab my . i watched her truck recede into the distance until there was nothing to see but the house and the story night around me . the rain had soaked me almost completely and so the drafty empty house hit me like an arctic blast as i stepped in the door . i my on the and for the first time in what felt like took a look at my childhood home . the damage was worse than i thought . the ceiling was with what like water damage the grand staircase was missing several and every painted wall was cracked and peeling profusely . the wiring was also getting old as the in and out in sync with the storm . the most striking thing to me was the sheer number of coating almost every corner and surface . yeah they had been dead for but just how long had they been in this house unattended while the rest of the world went on around them . i knew my condition had in recent but i had no idea it was this bad . i forward and aware of the chattering of my teeth from the cold . i swung around to close the door behind me only to see still sitting on the porch looking directly at me . it was unlike him to not enter a house after i . i over to me but he . very strange . i out for him again this time a bit more urgently but still he to his spot on the porch . the rain was starting to wash inside the door frame and i was getting by the second so i once again for this time in a commanding voice i used only when he was bad . reluctantly crossed the threshold holding his head down and refusing to look at me . the door i off my s odd behavior and back at the mess around me . the paint water damage this was all going to cost time and money to fix time and money that i t really have . what little i was going to be able to do would have to wait until the next day so i my and up the to my old bedroom . i t stayed in my actual bedroom in the comfort of the guest room and king sized mattress inside . but something in me was feeling nostalgic so i the guest room and rounded the long hallway to my room . i was to find riding my tail as he normally would follow at a distance . now he was practically attached to my hip . my t so much as touched my room in the since i d been gone by the of it . a fine layer of dust covered every surface even the bed which was still fully made in the same and i had graduated high school in . i the and off causing of dust to fill the air . i some new from the closet and fitted them on the bed . not two before i flung myself onto the bed . instantly my to droop and i could feel sleep beginning to wrap its around my subconscious . a sharp growling me away just before i away . i spun my body to face the door where was sitting once again just outside the threshold . he was in his defensive pose head leaning down and growling at something down the hall . i quietly . there was no way there was anyone in the house yet i t help but feel s aggression was warranted . without warning took off down the hall making no noise as he went . i dashed over to the door to catch him but he was around the corner and from the sound of it had already made his way downstairs . i dragged myself after him half a mind to go to bed without him . the house while no mansion was big enough that s growling off the and so i had difficulty him . i the of his until i finally found him around the corner from the kitchen . i for him to come but as was becoming the new normal he to not even hear me . his gaze on the wall . i had had enough of his by this point so i regrettably him by the collar . let s go it ' s time for bed i . his loud sudden barking took me completely by surprise so much so that i let go of him and his gaze fell back to the wall . for the first time i at what he had been so on . it was the basement door . i had never been in the basement . my had the only key but told me they kept it locked due to water and mold that was down there . i had never this story as i had no desire to spend any amount of time in that basement . i just the cellar and the vivid night from my past . must have sensed its dark aura . why else would he be triggered by this place ? i had never taken here for a good reason and i was beginning to deeply regret it at that moment much as i do now . i tried one more time to call but as far as he was concerned i might as well have been on another planet . fine sleep out here i said dejectedly . i back upstairs leaving to continue his stare down with the basement door . on the way up the i could feel of cobweb brushing by my face . this place a serious cleaning but it would have to wait until tomorrow . i had barely taken my off and laid my head against the pillow before i was out . i was away by loud distressed whimpering . i up to see at the foot of my bed . happy to see him i over to comfort him when i saw a small amount of blood coming from his neck . i picked him up in my arms and took him to the bathroom where i hoped there was still emergency first aid . i was in luck and the wound the best i could . it was hard to tell with all s fur in the way but i could make out three distinct entry all deep purple from the swelling . t appear injured beyond that and once the bleeding stopped i some on . i had trouble going back to sleep after that . would lay at the foot of my bed then perk up and start growling at the before to sleep again . the storm out just past one in the morning and soon my were alive with the and of the old house . just like old times i thought to myself . several times just before i was about to fall asleep i registered something just below the normal threshold . i t sure if i had it the first time then i it again . the unmistakable pitter patter of tiny walking up the wall . i forced these mental from my mind in the vain attempt at fading into a nightly slumber . at around just as the of blue were beginning to appear in the sky i decided i had tried enough . it was only a few but it was obviously the only sleep i was going to get . was at last sound asleep so i thought it best not to wake him . it was odd going about my morning routine at the homestead . i t used the shower or brushed my teeth or even made coffee in this place in so long . i still myself with guilt over not the last time i had been here . what were the last i ever said to them ? did they miss me before they ? did they know in their final although i t been as close as i once was that i had them dearly with all my heart ? i must have hit a nerve as the and i found myself on the floor of my shower crying hysterically . i t know how long i was like that i only snapped out of it when the hot water running out . i fixed myself up and went to the kitchen where i was by who was once again staring at the basement door . s behavior t made much sense to me last night but i was too tired to care . now it deeply unnerved me . what was she behind that door ? the key must be around here somewhere . now was my chance to face my as an adult . i feverishly around the house opening and but finding nothing but dust and more . i had just this morning yet i was already beginning to look like a coal miner . the whole time never stopped looking at the door or growling just under his breath even when i laid out his food for him . i was just about to search the upstairs when the doorbell rang out of tune and almost too low to hear it . i t been anyone so i was to say the least . when i the door i was immediately relieved . had told me he was coming over in the morning but i had completely forgotten . he was with his top hat and leather that i think every lawyer is to own . good morning ! come on in i him as he let himself in . we had some more over the phone since he me but this was the first time i had actually seen him in person . my had him on occasion when talking about their will and post death so they had obviously him . and yet something inside me him hear . he was a bit younger than i probably around my age . his plain grey suit and pants were so average i almost to take him shopping . only his pink set him apart from any other lawyer . can i get you anything ? no that s i won t be here long he said curtly just as stoic and detached as he on the phone . he around him intensely as if he were the house . without another word we went into the kitchen and got to business . the funeral had already been for and had mostly been made already . the director still me to sign off and approve of everything first which i told i would do later today . all the monetary assets would be transferred to me after all and final had been and the house was for me to do with whatever i . i them if my had left behind any specific that maybe he had the key . he disappointingly told me they had not . the entire time we were talking he had kept his around him barely looking at me . after tossing it around for a second i finally got the nerve to speak up . did something happen here ? i already the answer . i beg your pardon ? he unconvincingly . he knew exactly what i meant . the whole time you been here you not taken your off the door . my dog is out everyone in town is out and saying crazy . i just want to know what to my in this house ? at me my expression and plotting his next move . he had an ulterior agenda here and i knew it i just t know what it was . i don t know what the people in town gossip about but it s none of my business . i m sorry i don ' t have the information you want all i know is what the police told me . he told me sternly . his expression was serious and although i still suspected he knew a little more than he let on i had no reason not to trust him so i let it go . after some he wished me a good day and left without another word not even to let me walk him to the door . i sat at my kitchen table puzzled more than ever . had finally left his spot by the basement door to eat but had only his food before going back to the door . i all around me . i nothing more than to just unload this place and never return . even if nothing had here this place was cursed now and it could never be home for me again . part of me thought about how satisfying it would be to watch the entire thing go up in . i t rich but i had enough money that i ' t need to sell it . i could just keep it and let the do their thing . i at the dusty clock on the wall . it was just past noon . i figured i might as well make my way to the funeral home and get that nightmare over with . i went upstairs to change into something presentable brushing past several more on the . these little whoever they are sure work fast . once ready i went back downstairs to wish . he actually at me when i him from the basement door . his worried and his wound while no longer bleeding more swollen than before . i made a mental note to pick him up some medicine from the vet as i over and gave him a big kiss which he returned in kind . i bade him one final farewell and then left . that was the last time i ever saw . my drive to the funeral home was the most peace i had felt since in town . my driver t bother me once i my on and i was able to sink into the world of my favorite even if only for a few . some distance between me and that house was exactly what i as i was feeling positively cheery when i at the funeral home which must have confused the director . there t much to go over as my had to be buried side by side in matching . seeing their and the of made everything real again and i was at risk of breaking down again . the director as kind a man as he was t pressure me into anything extra and did his best to offer his . as we were wrapping up i him a question which i already knew what his answer would be . what to them ? i beg your pardon ? the director . my how did they die ? no one will tell me no the coroner ' s office not the police no one in town . you re the funeral director please tell me . the man sympathetic to my plight but his expression said it all before his could . i m sorry i m afraid i m not at liberty to discuss that he told me a reply that was so forced and so i knew it had to be so . someone had told him to say that . why not why can t anyone tell me what to them ? what are you from me i was beginning to lose my cool and the director did his best to calm me down . no one in town what only what they found afterwards . were found together in their bed . apparently they had been dead for almost a month . no sign of the cause of death . i m sorry i wish i could tell you more but that s all i was told . well you seen the what do you think ? i . he t respond he just away to avoid my gaze . something right underneath his was telling me it was bad . i he . i don t know . i m sorry . the director was quiet and almost remorseful as he spoke . can i see them myself ? i with him . i knew he to say no . it s what he had been told to say by whatever shadowy that were keeping this thing under . enough was enough it was time i got my . i don t think that s a good idea the amount of degradation and i cut him off . i don t care . please i need to know for myself . he turned around to face me again . whatever fight he was giving he was losing . he for me and my family and to do what was right even if it was potentially himself in danger . very well was all he said . i him to a back room which turned out to be the area my parent s were being kept until the service tomorrow . the room was dimly lit as was the rest of the building and the chilly air was slowly beginning to creep up my arms and . i be outside if you need anything he said and left the door behind him . my had never been the flashy outside the home they kept . their were simple white with gold trimming . graceful . elegant . it was everything they deserved . i ran my hand down one of the unsure of who was even underneath . just one look . it t even have to be both of them . whoever was laying underneath me right now and then that s it . i braced myself the bar and it up . there are some in this world that god himself can never prepare you for . which you can never recover from . i could only look for a second . that ' s all it took . one second for the image of my mother s and near skeletal corpse to be burned into my mind forever . i back almost knocking my father s casket to the ground . the lid shut thankfully and i did my best to keep from screaming as i out of the room . i into the director but i was already out the door and down the road by the time i was aware of him yelling my name and trying to flag me down as i left . i ordered another driver and while i i dry and did my best to keep from out over the . what could have done that ? she as if she had been drained of almost every bodily fluid imaginable . gone was her radiant beauty and warming smile . stripped of everything that made her my mother now just the dry husk of a corpse . i was on autopilot yet again as my driver picked me up not speaking a word the entire ride . i her to drop me off several hundred away from the house and as she drove away i just dead ahead . i don t know for how long . maybe an hour . maybe a minute . time had a funny way of losing meaning around this house . i thought back to when i was a child how even in my most frightening night i never once felt in danger in the house . it was always just pretend . just my imagination . not studied every crevice of that house thinking of every room every nook every cabinet every closet . any possible space that could be a spot . but even as and came to me i knew there was only one place i to look . the basement . no way i thought to myself no way was i going down there . why did i have to know ? i had never detective before never had a thirst for danger . so why was i in such a hurry to die now ? this is . i just to get and book it out of there . stay with like i should have done last night . i the distance to the house and up to the front door before stopping . the door was slightly ajar not how it had been left . cautiously i forward and it open with my foot . inside i almost aloud . the ceiling was covered fully with an intricate wall of webbing . the was clinging and hanging from almost every surface with a literal maze now taking up a bulk of the staircase . icy up and down my . this was not natural . whatever was spinning this web was doing so far faster and in far bigger than i thought possible . a gut reaction was telling me was already done for but i t leave him behind without knowing for sure . i stepped inside as quietly as possible the door wide open in case i a quick escape . i whispered for if he was still here he d be able to hear me . i but my beloved animal did not come racing forward to greet me as he would normally . i out a little still keeping my voice down but still no sign of . i carefully for any noise . that s when i aware of the house s usual and . it s was eerily calm and quiet the kind of silence you hear in the when your heart of hearts you a predator is close . every natural instinct i had was telling me to leave to never come back and leave to whatever fate him . i onward brushing more out of my face . when i turned the corner i could see the kitchen and the basement door looming ahead . no sign of . i was just about to turn to go upstairs when i it again . the sound from last night . little tiny crawling up the . i forward a bit to see where they were coming from . closer . . closer . even . i my entire face against the door . it like little all going in unison . i for something anything else . nothing . then from the other side of the door somewhere in the basement the unmistakable yelp of an injured dog . my fight in immediately . i pounding at the door tearing at the doing anything i could to break the barrier . i cried out for my dog screaming at whatever dare lay their on him . but the door stood firm and immobile . there was no way i was getting down there . i to the floor . what was i going to do ? there was no way i could leave now . not when i knew i could still save him . but there was no other way into the basement . then i . i got up armed myself with the only weapon i could find a fireplace poker and outside . the sun was already slipping behind the casting a violent orange glow on the house . i the my mother had laid almost five previously the path to the cellar we never used . i stopped right in front of the that had never been as far as i could remember . until today . without thinking i tried prying the lock off with the poker but of rust t going to give without a fight . i was persistent though and hearing in the metal . i wedged the poker under the bent lock and all my weight onto it . the lock snapped off almost instantly and i just in time to avoid it off the cellar and into the air . i back up and the latch open the . the basement floor lay exposed beneath me . there was a step ladder at the bottom and i stepped inside to jump down on it . the ancient wooden stool into the second my touched it . i fell against the wall my head pretty hard . as i i took note of my surroundings . so this was the cellar the place i had dreamt of so much as a child now home to some ungodly nightmare . there were a fair amount of down here as well along with a layer of dust so thick you could slice it like butter . i t see much from the light filtering down from the cellar but i could tell i was in a large space from how my voice off the . there was a work table close to the window that i dragged in front so my escape could be fast if . as i stepped forward i felt my catching on something hard . whatever it was it was everywhere . i felt around my pants for my phone found it and switched on my flashlight . i really wish i t . . animal . of them . maybe . they covered almost every inch of the basement floor about away from the cellar . i could make out dried blood on the and in the between the . the room on into the pitch black . some of the still had of skin and flesh clinging to them . it took every bit of strength i had not to hurl violently onto the floor but i knew whatever was down hear would smell it and discover i was here if it t already . i the room with my flashlight looking for any sign of any hope that he might still be alive . that hope the instant i saw his bloodied collar on the ground . there was no body no skin or torn . just this one memento of my best friend now gone forever . i crossed the room and it it in my pocket . as i did i caught something out of the corner of my eye with the flashlight . i it over in that direction and saw a collection of hanging from the wall . beside them were of all of liquid . i t see them with the glow of the flashlight so i got closer . that s when i was that the t full of just liquid . body . what i assumed to be genitals . i never attention to the high turnover of and dogs at the farm . my told me got sick easier on and it was normal for them to drop dead or run away and disappear . i them when they would tell me my boxer of seven runaway because i left the back door open or that our mother goat was by a fox the night before . now i was beginning to wonder . did my know what was down here ? what else were they keeping from me ? what other will i never know ? i took a step backwards and could feel a light thread land straight across my face . more . i brushed it out of my face and turned around when i felt another thread of web string across me . and then coming down very fast and without warning . my flashlight caught a glimpse of something moving overhead but it was gone the second i for it . they were coming from every direction . panic setting in . i could barely move . i kept the web out of my face only for it to be with more . a large bone behind me caught my leg and sent me to the ground . i could hear the breaking and snapping of underneath me as well as the crawling sound i had in the house . i was petrified this was how it was going to end for me alone in my parent s basement just another meal for whatever horror they were keeping down here . i out for even though i knew he was gone . i out for my mother even though i had just seen her body only an hour ago . and i for my father even though i now knew he had lied to me all these about the basement about this house . it was then that i the pitter patter of tiny again . only this was different . i t hearing them . i was feeling them . up my back . on my neck . then . a lone rattle . that s all it took for my fear to vanish instantly . i myself off the ground brushing aside the that kept falling around me and myself with all my might . i leapt onto the table and myself out of the cellar and back into the daylight . without missing a beat i the cellar back in place though now i was without a lock to seal them back up . i waiting for the moment the cellar gave away and the monster from within burst out . but all was quiet . the wind slightly cooling off my burning head and giving me some peace of mind . it was now or never . whatever was in that cellar it was going to come out if it too and i t want to be anywhere near hear when it did . nothing was stopping it now and i had just the one barrier keeping it locked up . i took one last look at the house before turning around and bolting down the driveway . no matter what i had to put as much distance between me and that house . i ran all the way to s house . she alarmed to see me so and out of breath . i told her there was an infestation at the house nothing more and if i could sleep there tonight . she about but i could only tell her i t find him just his collar . she t ask any more after that . i been racking my brain since i got here . what was in that basement ? did my know ? were they feeding it ? why ? did it turn against them ? so many i never know the too . i m writing all of this down now because i have to go back to the house in the morning . my my clothes . the . but there s more . i need to know the truth . i have to know what to to my . i write again once i gotten my . god speed . it s not uncommon for us to get snow well into may even into june . i work for a big ranch up in and for the last week or so i d been with a flock of sheep to keep the away . being a ranch hand i m not big on or the don t have much use for them . i had an experience while i was out there though . . . something that still me uncomfortable . one of the young thought i ought to tell my story and put it out there so well here it is . like i said i d been out with the sheep for about a week keeping the and away . occasionally you had to deal with but there t been nobody coming round . we were pretty deep in the ranch pretty well by the and the river so all i really had to look out for were nature s . there d been some too . there was a pack of us and there were always hungry about . i d even seen a grizzly the day before but i d ridden out on my horse and him away . he d taken his time about it but eventually he d on along the river up toward the . that evening it got cold i could feel a storm coming from up north . sure enough just before sundown it to snow . i built up the fire best i could and then i down in my tent to stay warm . every few i got up and rode out to check on the flock . they were pretty well up in a little draw down by the river and everything peaceful . i t them at all and i t seen a trace of wolf or coyote . i was starting to think it was going to be a pretty peaceful night . somewhere just after midnight though i got up out of my tent to make another run . it was still some and there was already three or four on the ground . i up the fire and threw on another log and was just about to ride out to check the flock when i saw something move up on the ridge behind me maybe a hundred away . i picked up my rifle and gave it a look through my scope . sure enough it was a coyote but not an ordinary one . it was an albino pure white from stem to stern and it was looking down the slope at me . i d seen albino before rarely but i d seen a few but i d never seen an albino coyote before . it was regal looking which made me feel bad for what i was about to do . all the time i d spent out there on the range with this flock i t lost a single sheep not one of the thousand or so in my charge . some of the were coming out tomorrow so we could move the flock to a higher pasture and i t about to risk losing any on the last night . better to nip it in the bud so i took careful aim and the trigger . the coyote like do when they d been shot and then it fell over back behind the ridge and out of my sight . i honestly felt guilty over shooting it . still i rode up the slope to take a look partly because i to make sure the animal was dead and not suffering but partly just to pay my . when i got to the top of the ridge though well that s when the funny business . there was a large stain of blood on the snow like where the coyote had fell and out but there t any coyote . i down from to get a better look . there were leading from the blood and my those right down to the bottom of the ridge right to the albino coyote . it was a female and she was just standing there looking back up the slope at me . i swear i d been working darn near all my life . i d seen all of and i d shot all manner of animal . there t a doubt in my mind that i d shot that coyote right in the front shoulder and there t a doubt in my mind that i d seen it fall . hell there was a pool of blood right there where i d shot her a kill shot but she t been . in fact from where i was standing i t see a trace of blood on her anywhere . her white coat was pristine just like the snow all around her . i m part ashamed to admit it but that me . it was also spooky how she was just standing there not twenty from me looking back up at me just as calm as you please . we just stood there for a time her staring at me and me staring at her neither of us giving or gaining ground . my were telling me to shoot her again but something else inside me put that thought down hard like a door . instead i at her and my foot trying to scare her off . she t scare though . she just kept standing there staring at me with those curious . i felt a chill pass through me like a cold wind blowing on the inside and she just kept staring . i knew i t about to shoot her but i finally raised my rifle and it off at her only meaning to encourage her to move along . she t go at first but eventually she did . she her head and off first just walking but that turned into a slow trot and she into the dark of the forest . the air was perfectly still but i felt that cold wind blowing again . i my coat up around my neck and then i back up on to go check on the sheep . i could smell the scent of evergreen on the air until it was by the scent of fresh water from the river and then by the sheep as i got near to them . i d always those . maybe more than anything else they gave me comfort and me that i was home . tonight though after what had just they all uncharacteristically alien to me . i tried to tell myself that i t seen what i d seen that maybe i d the coyote with that shot and maybe the blood that had been there on the snow was from some other animal maybe one she d just but i knew better . i t that shot and yet that coyote had been standing there fresh as a daisy like nothing had gone on at all . but something had gone on something that t normal and it had me . i found the sheep where they d been before down by the river still all up together and peaceful with the occasional muffled call coming from somewhere in the flock . i sat out with them for a few probably trying to feel a part of what was familiar . i kept a clear eye too looking for that coyote but she never . before long i back toward my camp intent on getting some sleep before the sun came up . the fire was getting low so like before i gave it a good stir and put on another log and then i went in my tent to lay down . i t get to sleep though i had too many running around in my head a lot of them to do with that albino coyote . it must been getting close to sunup before i finally made it somewhere between awake and asleep and that s when something me upright . it t be but i would sworn that i d just a voice a woman s voice and it had like it had come from just outside my tent . i sat there for a minute with my heart starting to race trying to make sense of what i d just thought i d when the voice came again . it was a woman s voice and it said to . my breath caught in my throat . that like old talk and i thought it meant time to ascend or something like it . i hurried to my tent s flap and to go out but i saw a long shadow climb up the canvas like something tall and skinny had from the fire . i stopped for just a second unsure of myself and the voice spoke again . tell the voice said tell him that the season and it is time . i come for you in another season . " of course i was but i t know nobody . who the hell was ? and more important than all that who the hell was talking outside my tent ? and how did they know my name ? i felt around until my hand landed on the cold steel of my pistol and then i flung the flap open wide . there was nobody there though only the fire burning lazily in its little makeshift pit . i to my in a hurry and to look around trying to find the intruder and that s when i saw her . the albino coyote was standing just across the fire from where i was and she was just staring at me like she d done before the firelight dancing across her flawless coat dancing in her . to say i was t be entirely accurate . i was alarmed no doubt about that but it t like fright . it was more like an excitement or anxiousness a feeling like i was in the middle of something important something i t seen before and t understand . i felt the weight of my pistol in my hand that familiar weight but it t going nowhere . it was stay right where it was hanging down by my side . what d you want ? i said my voice sounding unrecognizable to me shaky and unsure . what d you want from me ? of course the coyote t make a reply . she just her ground staring at me and i mine staring right back while the fire cast its glow over us both . i t tell you how long we stood there staring at each other but there finally came a movement from somewhere off to her left that got my attention . i tried to focus in on it but i t able to tell what it was until it got close enough to the light . it was a grizzly just walking along like it t have a care in the world . i from back behind me so i knew she d seen it too . the bear t paying me nor any mind at all though . it just kept walking till it had come right up behind the coyote and then it just stopped . the tension had gone up quite a bit at least it had in my mind but you t have told it from the coyote . she just kept on staring at me and i hearing those in my head again tell . . . tell . . . the season . . . the coyote turned and at the bear then she back to me and then the two of them walking away side by side like they were best in the world . i watched after them until the dark covered them up . i kept watching even after i t see them just in case they came back . i even went and got my rifle but they t be coming . i knew it down in my they t come back not on this night . i spent the next little while sitting out by the fire not even trying to make sense of what had since i d first laid on the albino coyote . i t i already knew that . then the sun rose and a few later some of the up . we spent the better part of the day moving the sheep to a higher pasture one where they could take advantage of the new spring growth . by noon all the snow from the previous evening had melted away . that night at the bunkhouse after we d all had supper i got to telling the story of what had to me the previous night . most of the especially the younger did a lot of snickering and jabbing making fun of me for being over the hill and maybe a little soft in the head . there was one old cowboy though old slim who to be hanging on my every word . when i got to the part about what i d that woman s voice say he d done turned white as a sheet . once i d repeated the the woman had said to tell that the season had and that it was time old slim stood up and went outside . i m not sure why but after a minute i him out . old slim had old to me when i d come to the ranch and that had been better than twenty ago . i t have told you if he was sixty five or eighty but he was a steady man and as reliable as they came . he was tall and lanky rough as a cob and had a mustache that covered his whole mouth . i found him leaning against a rail fence looking toward the horizon with a boot on the bottom rail . i just sort of up next to him and to see if he to share what was on his mind . after a minute or so he did . i lived a cowboy s life he said . i lived by the code and i kept my honor . don t know why i d feel so . i don t neither . did something happen ? something on your mind ? that voice you said she said to tell right ? yeah i expect so . i gave him a quick look he was still staring off into the distance . somebody you know ? you could say that . he took his foot off the fence rail and turned to face me . i m is me . it took a second for that to soak in . i d known the man for better than twenty and i d never him anything but old slim . by the time i d made peace with it though he d already headed back toward the bunkhouse . i stood out there by the fence for a while at first trying once again to make sense out of any of it but once again realizing i t . i finally went back inside and old slim had already gone to bed . one of the young said something surly to me about the albino coyote but i t pay him no mind . it had been a long couple of days . like old slim i on through the room and turned in for the night . the next morning we found old slim still laying in his bed fully dressed with his boots on and holding his hat across his chest . he d away during the night without a soul and i expect that s how he would it . we knew he d had a brother up in at one point but nobody knew how to get in touch with him . eventually we decided to bury him under a stand of pecan where other with no known had been buried over the . it was a simple service said a few and i said a prayer and that was about it . i still don t have any idea what that night out there on the pasture or what it was old slim had known about it and i probably never will . but there are lots of about this world i don t know i can t know and as a rule i don t worry about those . like most though there are to it . i expect i be wondering about that night and everything that went on for a good while to come and i expect i be looking out for that coyote and listening for that voice on the wind for the rest of my days . i m not a sneak . i m not . no matter what my brother might say . it s just . . . everyone him . he had more than he knew what to do with . being his twin sister meant i was always stuck in the while he stole the spotlight . so when i was sitting on the staircase waiting for aunt to come in it t make me a bad person . if she had chocolate on her and i got the first pick could you blame me ? the door open . i up my crawling forwards so i could get a better look into the kitchen . that divine what is that ? whipped off her coat in one swift motion her as she shut the front door . gave her two loud on each cheek leaving of red lipstick behind . fresh darling made by our lovely . . you re still keeping that ? the old hag is nothing but trouble you know . the townspeople call her a witch and i believe them . there s nothing right with a woman her age with no husband and no family . there have been times when i considered her go for sure but she the best food in all of warsaw . i t say it s the best . the lipstick on her and . the person who never less than three of her food . and a happy easter to you too sister dear . yes yes . to you as well . you really must do something about that maid though . she your your little . you can t let someone as strange as her handle your . oh the adore her especially . always following her around like a little puppy . where are the ? they should have given me my by now . ! . your auntie is here ! i down the staircase my face innocent enough . ! swept me into her arms and me into the air . my angel how are you ? i out my dress demurely . very well . raised a brow . how mature of you . absentmindedly smoothing out my hair . this one once and she s an adult now . you should see the way she . i could feel my reddening . . she my face in her weathered and . is that lipstick on your face ? i away . i look like a young lady . . emphasis on the young . . where is that anyways ? we have to get lunch ready . almost instantly the door to the garden open . in . she t look any of us in the eye scratching her back with as she crossed the room . a faded gold ring the only jewelry she wore against her worn dress . oh said seeming . there you are . come now there s the easter meal to finish up . her throat and at . and how are you doing ? been a nice easter ? up . she made a face halfway between a smile and a sneer her three brown twisted teeth in all their glory . saying nothing else she into the pantry . i . raised an eyebrow . well then . . oh take no notice of her . all old people are a bit off in the head . especially . as the grown i tried to secretly pour myself a glass of the . before i could even get the ladle into the big copper pot and my arm away . watch yourself . grown up lady . don t you go that red drink all over your new white dress . got three chipped glasses out from the cupboard . let me . as she the steaming liquid into the she . now where did my get off to ? heavens said . that boy will be the death of me i swear to you . i saw go off with to the this morning i in . not because i was a sneak of course . i was just looking out for my darling twin brother . oh that brainless fool . very well that the are not to enter that cursed place . because of the ? at me . because of the dangerous vicious . don t you go filling my head up with made up . i t believe my could be so wrong . but there are . told me . everyone with unfinished business becomes a ghost . and she told me that the blood of someone pure of mind drunk by the unknowing will bring back to life . she said it just like that . ! me by the and shook me hard . stop spewing those filthy this instant or you will regret it young lady . there will be no more of that nonsense in this house otherwise there will be no more of in this house . i felt well up in my my shoulder dully . my was a lot than she . awkwardly shooting me a sympathetic glance . well your might be a fool but she certainly t stupid when it comes to cooking . this is simply divine . is it made with apricot or ? herself another glass . distracted . both i m guessing . our garden had a very good harvest this year . now what else been telling you ? i at my daintily offended by the scolding . me a lot of . a lot about magic . and justice . she to too . he from her all day long . there . now will get at too . is getting more than just from me tonight said grimly . just wait for the little rascal to get down . he will never be alone with that ever again . holy lord the she s telling my ! she s not just an idiot she s a dangerous idiot . s little boy ago poor soul . people say she s never been the same since then . maybe that s why she the company of our so much . she will not be her boy with my son i tell you that . into the pot . no more any of you . i need to feed our easter and you all had your fill . she for a moment . i save a glass for though . is his favorite . is my favorite too can i have another cup ? very funny lady . headed up the . i m going to check on . the chocolate i brought him will melt . i . i knew it . there s chocolate ? none for you my dear said . don t go spoiling your appetite before the easter feast . i but before i could say anything came back in . she into the big copper pot . you drank ? . well we all did . leave the drink for a moment though . you and i must have a serious talk about the nonsense you been telling the . one moment . spat a menacing looking of yellow phlegm onto to the floor before a broom from the cupboard and leaving into the garden . oh i really wish she would stop doing that crossing herself . so uncouth . she s going into the i said through the . do you think she s cleaning up the with our broomstick ? may she get lost in those and never come back declared . cooking genius or not that woman is not in our house . it s decided . just then came down the looking worried . t in his room she said . and his easter clothes are in a pile on the floor . oh he was going to get into so much trouble . i tried not to smile too wide . that boy ! was rapidly turning an ominous shade of red so much so that she a glass of herself . i slave at the kitchen all day long and this is how that wretch me ? pah ! maybe is sweeping him out of the with our broomstick i noted . there she is now at the gate cried . oh do give her a piece of your mind . i will said swelling with anger and just a little bit of self importance . ! come in here . now please . up for a moment then walking away with a briskness none of us knew she possessed . to herself thumping the door firmly . ! i . grudgingly towards them . yes madam ? listen here now . i decided that we don t require your service . . fine . was aghast . lord woman are you not in the least bit ? she again . you say go i go . wrinkled up her nose . heavens what is that smell ? i smell it too i said . it like the beef in the pantry this morning . i am not that i was saving it for a special occasion . is that my good beef in your bag huh ? is that why you want to get away so fast so you can feast on my food though i been feeding you for free all these ? on s worn cloth bag . come on now show it to us . your jig is up . snatching the bag away . i no show . aha so you do have something to hide don t you ? had been creeping behind during this interaction and snatched the bag away . ha ! as triumphantly the contents of the bag onto the floor . oh i knew it ! . ! you sliced the meat off my expensive and gorged on it all yourself t you ? for heavens sake ! . i don t think these are cow . the shape is wrong . they re too small too fragile looking . what else did you murder then huh ? said working herself into a state . my my sheep ? my whole barn huh you cow ! bent closer to the pile . it s almost as if . . . i a familiar looking metal band off the floor . it s good watch . he never it off ever . oh ho ! . so not only you steal my food but you steal my sons precious ! have you no shame you heathen ? i felt like i was about to pass out . or puke . i to the floor a bloodless moan on my . i could feel s on my . my darling what is it ? did she steal something of yours too ? n no . . . i not quite able to catch my breath . it s the blood of the pure . what child ? turned pale . the blood of someone pure of mind drunk by the unknowing . slowly we all turned to look at our . the few red back at us . . i i know that last time i might have said that i ' m never ever set foot at that place " " because of the hellhole it is . but here i am dragged back here possibly for eternity . in the last post i ended by telling you how was found dead before i met him that he had been dead before he gave me the locket . after that i had up both min and if they the news about his death . both of them with it was just the three of us yesterday me and the two of them and ' t there at all . i then who gave me the locket to which they to no idea . i hung up and on my finally i sat down on the sofa to order some off the . after a long time i settled with the entire harry potter series as well as lord of the . i finished the transaction and headed off to sleep . that night i dreamt that i was back at the growling outside the door gradually increasing as a man with a blank face where a certain was i said i ' t know and the man twisted to unnatural even sprouting some from his horribly twisted body . it was at this point that i woke up with a pressing sensation against my chest and suddenly i could not move my body at all except my . i saw something fling itself outside my bedroom . as soon as the feeling of inability had come it went away just as fast and i sat bolt upright to figure out what . bad move . my clouded over and my head hurt from the sudden movement . after myself i went out to check what had decided to in my bedroom and fling itself outside my bedroom . i it out as an explosive death of a rat or something as the smell of rot and meat filled my . i went back to be but kept an eye out for anything incongruous . this continued for a few days when i that the odds of explosive death of happening almost everyday at the same time was pretty low almost negligible . so after the second book in the harry potter series that night i stayed awake to catch whoever was throwing dead into my house . i for a couple of then decided that maybe ' t show up today so i dozed off . at the exact same time i was about to fall asleep did something else inside my bedroom and flung itself outside the bedroom . i but stopped abruptly as i could not locate the smell of rotten meat from anywhere else but the place i wished least to go at night . the basement . like i said i was definitely not going there at night so off i went to sleep . i woke up did the usual the deodorant bottle and went into the basement the deodorant everywhere . it ' t help much as the smell ' t subside at all . i had to go to back up and grab another bottle of deodorant as the one i had taken with me first finished near the entrance . i again the smell and almost lost my breakfast . sitting rather innocently or maybe not were a pair of rotten human torso heart tongue and some other that like a pair of a tail some spiny all covered in rotting human meat . i the deodorant and nearly as i put all the in a bag and threw them outside . i came back to the basement to see the still there . this continued for a good long while before i decided to damn it and ran of for the spare deodorant . shame the one i took was the biggest there is . by the time i finished the basement smelled of rotting meat with a hint of deodorant . i put up the air and and put on a plague doctor mask . i had spent nearly all the day in the basement trying to get rid of those so i went to sleep only to see the same dream and something else fling itself outside my bedroom door . the only thing that to get my attention though was a soft but horrendous moan come from the basement . i froze . as much as i know no one here in this colony except me and me . i was ready to pass out when a paper plane flew in from the open window above my bed and landed on it . slowly i picked it up with trembling my blue room feeling even more cold now . i unfolded it and to read " it ' s me . wait before you freak out i ' explain a few to you . i know that the media must ' put my supposed death as a murder or suicide but it ' s neither . i ' m stuck here in eternal pain . also that thing you may have just from your basement yes i know you did we call it a . now i know you don ' t have a clue about anything in so i ' translate for you . it for " dream walk " which is nothing like a sleep walker . a sleep walker is a person who in their sleep but a dream walker is an ancient cursed creature that in your home through the of repeated . the strange about it however is that it ' t come directly . it will send a body part each time you had the same dream which will collect in a place you don ' t visit often which in this case is your basement . i ' t advise running as it ' s partially bonded to you now and will follow you wherever you go . the advice i would give will possibly look like to you but trust me it ' help you in surviving . i the piece of paper . i am out for sure . where were the " " ? and why is this whatever bonded to me ? as if it was an answer to all my another paper plane flew in from the window and i caught it . unfolding i to read " i knew you ' d freak out . anyway here i invite a friend over s soon as you can work best . let me explain that one a bit . inviting someone over possibly an enemy since it would get you sweet revenge the bond between you and the permanent and not temporary . but let me explain . since you live alone the will get because it will have no more . as soon as it that you are not alone but have people over it will remain with you waiting for the victim to come again if you a friend make sure they don ' t come back again but if its an enemy invite them over for a feast again . if it that you live alone and don ' t see people too often it will leave you and go search for other a chain of to take to eternal pain . never light a fire inside your house the one at gas . you should be with solar . but light a fire and get brutally . never let it know that you are aware of its presence otherwise meet me in eternal pain . keep all salt in . don ' t drop even a grain of salt anywhere other than your food plate bowl or container . v hearing low and later a caterwaul ? shut up and go back to sleep . i don ' t care what your excuse is just go back to sleep . that ' s all i hope you follow them all . the of not following rule and v i don ' t know good luck and good night . " i folded both the of paper and pocketed them . great just great . i have to follow a set of to live inside my own house now . anyway was still alive then if he did indeed wrote those but i have no idea where . these precious were the only of him so i ' m keeping them safe no matter what . the shriek . i hurriedly under my and feigned sleep as loud and heavy from the basement . i sweating profusely from both the heat inside the blanket and fear . the to make their way towards my bedroom . they abruptly stopped near my bedroom door . after what like an eternity the door slowly open and i could hear the faint fluttering of and a low hollow laugh over the . whatever it is be it the something or other making its way towards me . my fight or flight instinct in and i was ready to attack whatever it was and run away but a voice in my head constrained me from doing it suggesting that it would result in something snape would call " provoking the aggression of an " . so i my breath and impatiently as the thing over and staring at me . after what like another eternity the creature away and let out a shriek of laughter as it ran away from my bedroom . i for one was petrified and by the thought that if i made so much as even a small movement it would come back so i slept there and like that in that painful position . when i woke up the next morning everything back to normal no smell of death and nothing out of place . i min over and he said he ' be there in about . i prepared breakfast on the electric stove and made sure not to drop so much as a grain of salt on the counter . as i laying out breakfast min . we sat down on the sofa and ate toast while we . after that we each took a book from my collection and to read . i was to tell min about the dream walker but it would imply that i knew about the dream walker which would render attempt at trying to save me useless . just then another paper plane flew in and i caught it instinctively . min ' t notice as i feared the worst and read what was written " you left some salt on the counter . good luck to you and min hope you two survive from whatever is going to happen now . as i can ' t promise what the consequence of breaking this rule will be please try to defend yourself . i ' that flame works best on them . " my felt numb and the wind was out of me . i must ' been like that for a long time as min put his book down and what . i snapped out of it and min what was going on and him the had sent me . min ' s expression was unfathomable as he said " wait here . " and went off for my bedroom . he returned a little while later and a pair of coat and and a plier . he to shape one of the with the plier and me to do the same so i did . after i was done i ' m slow at doing d . i . y stuff we got up and prowling the house . we lit our as soon as we a low grumble behind us and the nozzle hard a great serpent of flame . the went out and a slow almost musical caterwaul coming towards us . " be ready with the spray with your finger on the nozzle . " min whispered to me . " sure . " i whispered back pressing the nozzle with my index finger slightly . the caterwauling grew and grew until it suddenly stopped and out a really creepy smile that forced us to press the nozzle and aim at it . hard . a bloodcurdling scream as we continued to burn the creature to ground . mysteriously my house had suddenly gotten fireproof and the flame did not seem to be catching at all . this made us hesitate and a split second hesitation was all it ever . we both were out . a little while later i found myself and min being dragged to a place in a familiar route . the thing dragging us to be a creature that naked winged and tentacled human being infected with skin cancer . it ' s were low but they clearly that their owner was livid . it ' s long dug into my skin . i around to figure out where we were going and knew instantly . we ' re heading back to . i knew resistance would be futile as well as possible as possible death owing to the tenacious grip of its clawed hand on my shoulder . the only good thing now was that i had thought wrongly that the revolver would be a handy weapon against it . after half an hour give or take a few we were there . the same building i had from a few days ago . it dragged us inside and threw us in the same office i had been in nearly two ago . i the topmost drawer after i was completely sure that the creature was no more around here to get the of this place and i ' m glad to say they were still there . i woke min up as he had been unconscious the whole time and whatever had to him . then i at the time . p . m . i literally min gave him the told him to read it thoroughly lead him inside the large bottom cabinet and searching for another place to hide in . outside there are a few where i could hide in between them but i don ' t know . that monstrosity is back i can see it through the window but if i dash now i might just make it . should i risk it ? well i guess i should and so i did . i am currently in between the somehow being seen by that ogre . i ' update you when i ' m out of . ever since i was a prepubescent i absolutely . i with every animal i could find in my and nearby forest many times even them . no wonder i graduated as a zoologist specifically as an ornithologist . yes i absolutely adore . but one ritual that even my love for is feeding on the same place same bench same time . every day i would buy a few and when i t go to the supermarket i took a bit of bread which i with every animal . sometimes i would sneak out when i was forbidden from going outside a very cruel punishment for me indeed and would get by my mother . my father never thought of it as a transgression of the temporary ban and even my mother t punish me much . i always had . from to hell even a tortoise came over a few times . every time i would feed them and every time they let me pet them and study them as a reward . some even brought me yes they even do that if you treat them well ! . most commonly the were from ravens and but some other have been tin and plastic as well . about a year ago one particular albino crow brought me an drawing compass as a gift . because of that i fittingly him . and he been with me ever since . and so this ritual continued all up to present day . but a week ago an event . since then i have been forever grateful to my non hominid i take care of . it was morning . i was in the local forest for a feeding session when i spotted a tall male walking towards me his face concealed by a baseball cap . now the forest is private property and i haven t anyone even remotely tall and muscular as this dude to freely trek in the forest . but i t bother very much i really t want to confront an giant alone . now i am not the one to adhere to certain superstitious but trust me he was . even if i haven t met him . i would have him that this is private property and subsequently let him go but that s when i saw the face that the cap was been . it was . now if i had to describe in three i would only say sadist . there is nothing more to say a perfect description of his personality . now even in the small town of salvage there had to be a bad guy an antagonist to every one of the people who live here . he been from the town long ago because of doing certain to especially dogs whom he for no reason at all . maybe it was because even the dog s personality is diametric to his . and it his hatred for everything except violent was truly infinite . but the one thing he the most is his town who had such a brilliant promising mind and a physically perfect body . so he returned to enact what he from his twisted as justice and retribution . in reality it is torture in all . his range from a few petty designed to irritate repeated every day to actual physical torture . yet his always our detection . he may be cruel but smart . he was additionally very muscular so was out of the question . he would easily outrun me and god what will be his punishment for my escape attempt . what s up ? said he in his characteristic baritone voice his twisting into a half smile . oh d i i i and he to enjoy my fear now his half smile into a wide grin . i could see a glitter in his eye one that was telling me he is going to take his time with this and enjoy it thoroughly . now what s the matter ? don t be sad t you be happy ? a reunion with your old pal ! he said in his best impression of a mother . and he . i could sense even before i to suffer . i am not your old pal mate i said defiantly after which he suppressed his laughter instantaneously . then who is your pal that chick ? he said pointing to . no what do you think we out ? it s going to be really fun but first i need to take care of that bird . will be a real nice breakfast we will share ! so that was his plan . to force feed me my companion . hah i have got a tool just for that . and don t even try telling him to esca his were cut short by from the scene . huh . even he knew sam had malicious . well would you look at that . it the bird t want to be no sherlock . well then what can we substitute the bird with maybe one of your . . ? great . knowing there is no escape i had to agree . it is best not to agitate a raging beast . which one ? i fear present in my voice . who said it will be only one finger ? he . his and out a butterfly knife . we are doing this with a butterfly . be grateful your are going in style . here s how we play i do a certain butterfly knife trick and if you can t replicate the trick the exact same way i did or if you cut yourself i cut off a finger . we are betting on from left to right first goes the thumb as a wager then the index finger and so on . said he explaining the albeit talking very quickly as if he was eager to start . and he was . it was as clear as day his pride was shining trough his he was satisfied with his performance . and even more obvious was his wish to hurt . he had a trick up his sleeve i knew it . i don t have a choice man i said . even the first trick was hard to replicate . the technique the too complex for my amateur to properly analyse . yet somehow i did it . call it sheer luck i did what he me with minor but thankfully he them . so you t losing your thumb which is great . yeah no once again . would be a shame if you t grab stuff the next one was my index finger . of course i my high thinking if i could do that i could do this too ! but he revealed to me his trick . and i knew i was . he did a simple turn of the knife and then he cut himself . on purpose . i instantly what he did . if you can t replicate the trick the same way as i did or if you cut yourself i cut off a finger if i replicate the trick i lose because i cut myself . if i don t replicate it well i ' t replicate it . i was a lose lose situation . there was no way around . there was a long silence . i t pay attention to s reaction instead i on how i could evade this situation . obviously i to walk away with everything intact but at this point it impossible . that s when i something . i was so on sam that my brain out the background noise . i took notice only at that moment of the rustling leaves even though there was no wind the gawk of seemingly getting come on it s your tu while he was finishing his sentence two black interrupted him by into his face at an incredible speed . now when i say incredible i mean incredible . as an ornithologist i have never seen a bird fly that fast . and trust me i have seen a lot of . the first bird hit him and severely his cheek . the second soon and this time it hit his eye . in agony out the post ear piercing shriek i have ever . i genuinely thought my were going to burst . he of course tried to catch the two who i later as so he could torture them and kill them but they constantly his then close to him as if taunting him . this him even further and it like he was going to explode . but the tantrum he was was indefinitely because the rest of the flock came on his body like . they came down at insane only to fly up and glide straight down on his body again . after a few of this attack the flock dispersed leaving a barely alive sam on the ground bloodied and covered in as if he was down by a crazed gunman who wasted his whole magazine on him . then a few after the flock of dispersed as if the whole act was other the beat down . deer from the dense cover that the provided and him a few times . a few in on what was left of his body . and so every animal that came to the bloody beat down . the eventually dispersed leaving behind a certainly dead pile of flesh . the sight was gruesome but it t last long . the final to arrive were who carried his body away . the only evidence that this event ever was the soil painted in red . i was . . confused . i thought this whole thing is an hallucination maybe a dream there had to be a rational explanation to what i saw . yet it was very real . and not easily explainable . i was also . but grateful . and other townspeople were grateful too . they knew he was gone a week without any incident which could be connected to him . last time that was essentially never . he may have been inconsistent on the days of the week he chose to torture us but he was consistent with us every week . he truly never a single one . while i am happy the threat that is him is finally gone i am still sad . not returned . if he is to ever return i will be waiting . i would like to think he was the mastermind behind this whole plan . sometimes i daydream about him convincing his to attack . that would not explain why other came but that is still my preferred version of . xb after all are intelligent . my friend and i took the sunlit station at and by the time that we at night fell on us . through the rapid ride we saw how the sky itself to sleep and as the sun our hunger . i could hear ' s stomach growl in some and a spurt of vomit crept inside my throat for quite a while . it was the most beautiful and train ride that i had ever taken . we had spent our day in ' s city hall without stopping once for lunch . we had at our hotel new but our excitement any desire for food during our journey . had never been at that part of japan and i had never been away from my homeland . in result we were blinded by beauty and fascination and our hunger hardly struck at the moment we stepped on ' s station . when we at the moon sickly shone and i remember how the around the lively streets us . few people on thin and through hidden but the place felt alive for the and were all open and carefree . salty and alluring immediately came as scented making my mouth water insanely . i ' s stomach lightly scream again . we by and trying to pick the best for us . of fried juicy fish were everywhere by like with red sauce steam and with beautiful of bronze and yellow . our hunger was but we for a peculiar place . well would have chosen any restaurant but there was something in my chest me farther into the street . it was a feeling with hunger and i let my take control . the warmth inside my chest me onto another section of the city until it blinked as we by a secluded restaurant . my friend ' s shone because the best food always came from these hidden little as he had told me . i stopped and at the glistening sign that spoke in red and yellow at the small portion that i could see through the unlit passage . a man was at the entrance of the inn ' s alley with his at his back serenely lost in the far seashore . i discreetly turned my head at the direction that the man was gazing at . i saw how the sea the horizon and the sky blended all together with a partial sight of the fuming of a power plant . my returned to the neon sign that at the passage ' s end . and i agreed to enter . we bowed our at the man and made our way through the alley watching the dwelling unveil in our . the structure was designed like a pagoda with an open window showing and . next to the window another man who smoked and did not let us out of his sight not trying to fake the obvious stare . my hunger me and my sole purpose was to arrive and feast like a maniacal beast . i payed no attention to him . i remember the knob to the inn and inside my mind . i the door a muffled radio slightly i was in lighting and a scented wind onto me fighting the corroding smoke of the man ' s cigar . we made our way to a bar took two of four and instinctively . as a lady a behind the counter i the gray radio next to me getting lost inside that i ' t understand . the ambience was calm with low and a passionate aroma of delicious food . as i my mind gradually numb . my clung into a closed drawer at the other side of the counter where the lady stood at . everything turned to emptiness . from all the colors and that i had felt i was left with a silent gaze a silence that made me unrecognizable . there was something inside the drawer . . . it sung to me until some slight snapped me back . i turned to the sound where it once lived in a quiet man at the back of us who had a paper on his table and an empty bowl at its side . my the blue fat pen that he in his firm hand . multiple came from the man outside dancing between the fuming that could be seen through the window . " " i say until i watched his concerned face . " are you alright ? " " i am " i with a nod . " i ' m hungry man . i ' m starting to shut down . " " it ' s been a long day . don ' t worry " he said trying to bring me back . " we ' re here . we ' eat at any second . " a man and a woman the restaurant some of the outside smoke get inside . they like they were and it was interesting that they were somehow by the place as if they had never seen it . they brought the liveliness of the streets into a set of and laughter making me feel in a sense . they gladly sat on the at our right . the lady behind the counter took two from a shelf and gave one to each pair as i fixed my for a few at the closed drawer behind her . our dove into the menu and our sprung from confusion . " i ' never seen this before " told me . " fascinating . " as i was looking at the menu i later at the man ' s disgusted face lightly shaking his head toward his companion . a mutter came from the woman ' s but ' t recognize it . they immediately and left the restaurant while i my like a maniac looking at with some sort of shame . " all the time " the lady behind the counter spoke with a swaying spoon inside a . " most have no taste . " we at her comment and rapidly squinted at the menu . it was simple to understand . there were of each ingredient with their written in below . one could mix the ingredient with or eat it individually but these strange fish deformed interesting and ? i my face closer to the menu . my stomach my to sweat and the rising heat inside my chest me . i was left breathless for a moment before i the lady what an image had as my mouth to water with no control at the sight of it . " yes " she said to the photo that i pointed at . " they are . not from around these . i can throw them into the or serve them . really good . " the image had one beautiful crystalline butterfly that sent me into a haze of hunger while another image had sizzling with pale butterfly . " i want this " i said with no hesitation pointing at the and agreed to have the same as several filled the room coming from the man behind us . " you must be extremely hungry " told me in a whisper as the man outside deliriously into the night . " i am " i back near his shoulder watching the man behind us circle something on his paper when i laid my at him . " i don ' t even know what ' s happening to me . " in an instant an old woman through the window her head at the lady who was serving us . i did not understand one thing that she said and in a moment came the lady ' s response making the woman go away . to me and lowly " the woman outside told her that her son was fired from the power plant and that " hers " was probably next . the lady serving us told her to piss off that she will speak later with her . " " damn " i at his translation but instantly felt bad about the situation . i saw how the lady to near the drawer that i had seen before the drawer at the wall . in my head something else something that i had never felt before . her delicately slid the drawer open and out came a jar full of languid phantasmal . even in death they had a certain glow a certain in their . i felt my soul there in that jar and as she made our the more i grew eager and insane . i stealthily tried to catch a glimpse of what she was doing on the other table but she herself my sight . when our were given i into the food as if i ' t eaten for days . no matter how hot the was i ate like a beast . when we were given our of water after being i had already eaten half of the dish . i knew that was watching me but i ' t care . the beautiful presentation the steaming that with the shining of the a disaster . as i an adrenaline coursed through me and i to hear the rising volume of the radio by distant and that filled my head that i had never before . i was maniacally hungry . each bite and slurp my . the taste of such thin brought a magnificent taste to the sometimes by a delicate pop made by my teeth and the " . when i finished my plate had not eaten half of his yet . the lady complacent and slid over a fancy plate to me a plate that had two with a different color . they were beautifully still as if ready for flight and their color had been taken by a layer of caramelization of a bronze sway of sugar . " dessert from the house . enjoy " she said and i pinched one with the upmost carefulness . the scent was entrancing when i it closer and more of its air flew when i my mouth by the subtle pen of the man behind us . a slow crunch shook inside my body as my took ascent in an undying pleasure . a deep inhalation me . my curled my finally closed and only a sole definite cough came from the man outside . i was in a place that i had never a land of of that blended strangely but uniquely . but something went missing in my a disappearance . the radio kept its low murmur by my side but an electric hum had been turned off a satisfying hum that had us from the beginning . when i my the lady behind the counter was her finger from a switch . the outdoor neon sign was shut off . i could hear my along with ' s and i for everything had stopped for a moment . the place shrunk time and space and the air hostile . a chair slid behind us and the door of the entrance rapidly . when i turned an elbow was already thrown at my face . ' s face was to a crash his plate with a fatal thud . the remains as i with a throw of my arm an attack that futile . i was and strongly to the table sending of paralyzation into my skull . when i ' s struggle to fight back my sight was taken from me . somehow i was still alive inside a dark nubilous room . and light but there they were writhing in unknown ways . a teal pallid flutter flew incoherently around a hazy horizon until it was caught by a pair of . a yellow cloak lived in the black mist with an abyssal darkness inside the hood . the caught butterfly gradually traveled onto the hood ' s hollow as a distortion spun every line that i had . the pale glow of the butterfly as another feeble light at the back of made from dusk . gently the light grew . i could feel the air entering my see the light behind my yet i had no energy to arise . something was pushing against my existence my will to move . i felt abandoned by the gravity of my consciousness . when my took the visage of the far sun i was completely sure that my energy had been somehow drained from me . my cheek laid on a soft pillow . my respiration as i saw myself laying on a hospital bed with ' s face resting near my leg as a slight pinch into a sharp heat at the palm of my and insanely my as i saw a needle dug into a vein in my arm . my energy sprung into madness and i could hear my as the metallic bed incessantly shook from my crazed . " ! it ' s alright ! calm down ! " from his sleep in an instant as i only saw the blood that had the bandage around his forehead . the light had entirely my horrid to my and only did time me . i breathed slowly trying to fight a haze . " are you alright ? " i him looking at the white ceiling . " yes " he laying his head on the bed once again . " i have a few on my forehead . nothing serious . how do you feel now ? " " dizzy " i hanging on to consciousness . " i ' m glad that you ' re alright . " silence around us and the air conditioner felt like it was healing my hot skin . " what did they take from us ? " i lowly without moving my head too much staring at the white ceiling . " nothing " and i connected with him . " our intact . i our money . every card that we have is intact . they took nothing . " i confused with my pushing down trying to comprehend the that i could . " are you sure ? " i concernedly . " yes " he repeatedly nodding his head . " how did we end here ? were we found or did you call ? " i . " i " he . " when i woke up you were still unconscious . " he took a moment to breathe . " you should have seen the place . it was vacant empty . it ' s as if it never as if everything had been an illusion . " " it ' t make sense " i told him . " i know " said . " you were pale . . . " he said and he lost himself in a memory as he blankly at the sheet covering me . " i immediately threw myself at you thinking that you were dead . i saw the of blood on your arms and as i at you i that your had been cut . " i weakly raised both of my until my could inspect the of bloodstained . " i ' t understand . i still don ' t " he whispered . " their only intention was to hurt you . " as my mind off the door a woman inside . she was an officer . she herself politely if i was alright and took a seat next to me . had spoken with her prior to me and i since our arrival to the station . " i ' m deeply disturbed by these " she spoke after i had finished . " no trace was left when the police found you . the discovered a substance inside the few blood that was left in you a substance that is partially unknown for the moment and the palm of your were and perforated by blade . only your . " i at her worried face at her profound black . " at least we are not in the dark " officer . " your friend something about a lady ' s son working at the power plant as well as other . the department of is also on the case . the will be and that is a promise on behalf of us in . " seeing the officer truly furious at the somehow me heal feel better . i will never forget her face . she did not let me leave until i was fully well . i stayed for a few days in that hospital and every morning she came if i had eaten . sometimes she slid some strawberry flavored gelatin by my plate without the doctor ' s awareness . when i was she took us to a proper restaurant and bought us a delicious meal that i almost immediately . a part of me was saved by that woman even though we spent less than a week in contact . and i gave her our and in case she to reach us . up to this day after of the event i have had unrelenting . i always feel like i ' m being watched from behind . i can ' t enter a shop a room or a restaurant without there being more than ten people enough in case something were to happen to me . at the mere strange sound my body tense and my . i lose breath and hold on to a faint ' s edge . i talk with every now and then and he to be doing fine even though a partial light been taken from him . he is not as kind as he used to be and i understand . it ' s frightening how people are willing to hurt another for pleasure or for unknown . at any given time one can be stripped from existence or . finding happiness been hard ever since that day and i deeply think that the event truly with my mind . apart from my tumultuous i can sometimes see a glow in the darkness a pale flutter where nothing is . i sometimes hear a low chant of the sea of water if i lay still with my widely open . my " oddly sizzle . maybe the substance that i digested me . did it come from them ? no i don ' t know . . . hunger ? i don ' t know . maybe it did . they me and i them want them now . my life been but it does not matter because never have i had a voracious famine a sickly desire to deluge my taste despite the horrid and at no light . what i find myself craving truly waiting for most of my time are those damn . yes . those . i can hear see and slightly taste them in my . had always said if the blue door into the hallway ever turns red you must not go through it but then again often said odd like always touch the bannister three times before going upstairs or if the hallway clock spinning backwards hide in the cellar and are the food of the devil so i never really thought much of it . i d away from the house over a decade ago and had forgotten the strange that she had come up with over the . i d carried some of them over with me and continued to do them in my own home never look into a mirror after midnight turn on all before the sun never close a door when a window is open but most of them had away with nothing more than a second thought . life was already enough of a struggle without more into the mix . as i d up into the driveway and seen the house again it all came flooding back . all of the days that we t to play outside because the sun felt wrong or the dining room candle to have in the night or the lit wick had been blowing in the wrong direction the night before and now as i sat on the fusty old velvet sofa looking around the room the place felt even worse than i d ever . the old glass were still in the exact same place as they used to be the stupid gold on the sideboard that i d been blamed for breaking when i d seen do it with my own the orange plant in the corner of the room that would never die no matter what we threw into it it was all still there . ? the solicitor breaking me out of my . i shook my head to clear it and up at him . he was oddly on the corner of a chair that had seen plenty of better days staring at me over the top of his glasses . yeah sorry yeah i said glancing around trying to get my head back into this world and out of the past . i know it must be strange for you to be back after such a long time away but we really do need to be getting down to the i m afraid he said an envelope slightly above his knee . everything is in here we were advised not to open this until all kin is in the room but since formally declined the option to appear and any inheritance well . . . it s time . why here ? i interrupting him . i mean don t you have an office or something like that where we could done this rather than me all the way to butt nowhere to receive an envelope that clearly could been posted out to me ? he and i immediately felt two tall . the guy is just out here doing his job and i m acting like a petulant child . it s stated in the will that the inheritance should be received in the family home . he to jog his knee up and down and immediately stopped himself . so if you re ready to begin ? i . he on to the small side table next to him up a silver letter opener and his arm out to hand them both to me . i rolled my and accepted both before ripping the envelope open with my and looking over the contents . . to the house the land and a declaration that would be mine as long as i t sell the land within the next two . i rolled my again . i should something like this all of this time and she s still trying to control us even from the land of the dead . absolutely typical . the solicitor s had not left my face and he his throat uncomfortably as i raised my to look back up at him . you know this is right ? i . i have no idea what the contents are . all i am told is to meet you here if you accept the invitation and hand over the envelope . i am merely a messenger . right i said looking down at the mess of paper in my . maybe i should used the letter opener . so what now ? whatever the envelope is to happen is what he said simply smoothing down his suit jacket . he his elbow on his knee and rubbed the skin underneath the frame of his glasses with his finger looking weary . if you decline everything in the will goes to a private benefactor according to the of your mother . well i mean if there s a private benefactor that would receive this crap if i decline t they be here too ? the solicitor a corner of his mouth up into a small smile at me . that t exactly be private now would it miss ? i rubbed my hand against the threadbare velvet on the couch and met his with mine . so i just have to own the house and land for two and then bingo ? then it s mine and i can sell it ? if that is what the letter he . i the urge to roll my again . talk about running around in . i around the room for a second time taking everything in . the house was always far too big for just the three of us but somehow to seem like you could never really breathe or have any peace . my caught one of the picture on the wall it had always a picture of myself and our two dogs outside in the yard . it had been one of the few that papa had taken of us before the accident but now . . . i stood up and over to the frame touching the glass . empty . i at the other picture . . . all empty with only the glass and backing board . i whipped around to look at the solicitor . hey do you know where we must really be coming to a decision now he said for me to return back to the sofa . we don t have long before i need to be moving on . right yeah i said slowly making my way back to the sofa . i sat down and back at him as he his jacket down again . do i need to sign something or ? i m afraid it s not that simple he said cutting me off . there is another clause written in the statement i received . he removed his glasses and to put them down on the small wooden table before seemingly thinking twice about it and keeping them in his hand . if you accept the offer you must live in the property for at least nine of the stated time . for someone who s simply a messenger and nothing you seem to know an awful lot more than you re on i angrily . i should known there was more to this . i should known it t be as simple as own the house . i should to when he said that this would be even more to draw us back into the web we d away from so long ago . the solicitor quiet but raised the corner of his mouth again . i was beginning to think that maybe it t a smile but more of a smirk . he his head slightly in my direction . i really must be getting on now so if we can come to some kind of agreement then i will be on my way . but i don t know anything about this ! i standing back up . i get one letter saying " hey all this is yours " then you re saying i have to live here ? ! if i agree then what ? ! are there more spouting more to follow ? he crossed his at the ankle and up at me . i have no further to give you he said . everything in the will now been laid out clearly . i have merely on the message . i need to think about this i off looking around . did i really want to live back here for such a long period of time ? i was out i was free i had my own home my own career my own . . . was it really worth the money and more importantly the time ? i d already lost so many in this place did i really want to waste more ? the solicitor stood up sharply . i appear to be out of time he said towards the doorway so we really will need your decision now . he out a small stack of cream towards me . if you re willing to accept the offer we will need one signature on this line print your name on the line underneath and date the . do the nine start immediately ? i desperately for more time and more information both of which i was sure he had more of . nine consecutive during any time period of the i imagine would suffice he curtly moving his hand closer in my direction . so i mean like i don t need to move in straight away and i can like go and get my stuff or whatever and my and i have no further information and my time here very clearly to overrun . he to walk towards the door the still in his hand . i out to take the . i sign i sign the rushed out of my mouth before i could think about it . stop i sign the . the solicitor stopped next to the hallway door and them down on the small telephone table next to the entryway . he at me and produced a golden pen out of his jacket pocket with a flourish . i took the pen from him my hand brushing against his cold skin . a fountain pen ? who the fountain in this decade ? signature print and date please he repeated . i could see the black polish on his shining from the dull light of the hallway as i the contract . the second i the fountain pen off of the paper he it out from underneath my hand and briskly moving to the front door . many thanks i m sure we will be in touch at some point . he his hand to the front door knob and it in one smooth motion . hey but your pen ! i said following him . no need to worry about that we have plenty more of those . the howling wind up in the yard outside and grit from the sandy floor flooded my face . i rubbed my and with that he was gone . there was no sign that he had ever been here no car moving down the driveway no no tyre just my own . i closed the door and to the floor resting my back against the front door . had this been some sort of weird fever dream ? had i the whole thing ? i put my head on my and closed my still stinging from the sand and grit . was going to kill me . he had specifically said whatever you re don t take it don t get drawn back into that . something to the floor causing me to jerk my head back up . through the dim hallway light i could see into the living room . on the floor next to the telephone table was the gold fountain pen shining exactly where the solicitor s had been . the solicitor . . . i t even know the guy ' s name . i again and stood up heading into the living room down the long narrow hallway to pick up my phone and . i up everything i d brought and went back to the front door it shut behind me leaving the pen exactly where it landed . i sat down in the driver ' s seat of the car unlocked my phone and an entry in my phone book it onto speaker phone as i prepared to go back home . i in the mirror of the car as i down the driveway far more overgrown than it should ' been and shook my head to clear it again . it like one of the had and if you see a curtain twitch between the of and you must never ? the voice on the other end of the line said up . . . . you never believe this i said making my way over the of the land and turning left onto the highway . i think i probably will he . i could hear him fidgeting with something in the background as my signal cutting in and out . i just had a visit from a guy in a suit with ridiculously shiny . part a message from the current chairman of the board for the suicide to all staffed they say all good must come to an end . i always if that that wickedness can last forever . i thought that when my brother that could be the end of it . but his passing me . i was so sure that him was what i to do . but after a lot of soul searching i come to realize the were bigger than one man . they always have been . that s why as of june th our company decided that we are bankruptcy . we recognize that this is coming as a surprise to a majority of you who have been struggling in an ever economy and trying to make meet but the reality is we cannot continue to move forward simply because we hope for a future . we have gone as far as we can go . as it thanks to this company s poor management and sordid history there is no sort of retirement package or severance that we can offer to the except for . all of you have stuck with us so long it s tragic to think that now as we are forced to say that it was all for nothing . that s why i encourage you to remember all the that led to this . it t a singular mistake by a singular individual . the piled up . they were unavoidable in the end and now all of us are paying a heavy price for it . the only glimmer of hope i can offer is that our competition the new crisis center to allow any the chance to come apply at an upcoming job fair in at their headquarters . while we understand that some of you may feel company loyalty would prevent you from working with opposition it s time to face . after today there will not be a future . it s going away and it s time to move on . i hope from the bottom of my heart you understand how difficult the decision was to do this . best i think i d read through the a dozen times reflecting on the past few and of turmoil that had put me through and then realizing it was all for nothing . some part of me t want to believe it was possible that any of this was even remotely real . it felt like it was the end of the world . but i took my final call for the company only about seventeen ago . i don t know why . by that time a majority of my were already heading out the door . no one was really to even respond to the ringing . but i always had an obligation to this place even back when was still around . call me crazy but i felt to answer that phone . caller is this the suicide ? me it is this is randy how can i help you ? caller i a rumor that you are your for good . me you right then after today we will be forwarding all to the competition in some place new . caller i think that might be a mistake . i a faint crackle in the phone line and sat down . me and what would make you think that ? caller are you a spiritual person randy ? me sure i try to think god always a plan in mind . caller and what if i told you that new was trying to deviate from that plan ? me now you are talking crazy . it s just a crisis center . what would they have to do with god ? caller ask king . the line right then and there . the name king was familiar to me he was from the worked under the manager a guy before that branch office shut down and then came here . one of the last old or so we used to tease him about . but one thing i never forgot was how spiritual the dude was and how convinced he was that was actually a conduit for supernatural activity . now i seen a few here and there from who to experience the uncanny from time to time enough to make me go grab a few and forget the bizarre . but was convinced it was all true and was constantly to find proof of it . the fact that this mysterious caller knew about this at all told me something was up and even though i should have been on gathering my stuff and leaving i decided to check and see if was still around . currently he worked in accounting on the eighth floor and most of the time you an appointment . seeing as today was the day we were shop though i decided to walk right in and sure enough he was still there crunching . i guess like me he t ready to give it all up . ah randy how are you son ? come to say ? he as he some of his personal effects . i several on astrology divination and necromancy . it gave me a creepy but it t deter me from my experience with him . and you said this just ? as he rubbed his goatee thoughtfully . yep . i was just about to clock out . i had a lot of strange happen here at this job but this is the . it felt like it came from another world i said . a few and stuffed them into his pack before take me to your desk . we went to the elevator in silence king acting like we were being watched the entire way . once inside the box he finally spoke up about his . you know this company been around for over one hundred . think about that . for a call center that s unheard of . modern therapy and medicine to assist mental illness t even exist in the early days . but still found a way to insert themselves into a variety of . pharmaceutical technology . they had many in many . it was all organized with a singular goal in mind . and what was that ? i . about mister you know . that the man was possessed of evil that t be . some said he was a dead man walking . did you know that he himself tried to kill himself back in ? and yet he kept walking . kept this company all in an effort to take down god himself . it crazy t it ? but i been here long enough to know is a for supernatural activity . and since took over it s gotten worse told me . our elevator kept descending all the way to the basement . a cold chill filled the air . i t sure if the man was talking out his ass or something far worse . but i had a feeling when we at our location i would know the truth . the fact is randy and those that him they took down god he said as the door . we out to what like a hellish landscape . i saw my fellow hanging from black that to be made of bone and sinew . they like hollow of their former . what is all of this ? i in horror . this is what when you defy god . . all of them . they took an oath to go against the almighty and now they let loose a far worse evil . you call it our competition . . . but the research i have done into the uncanny them something else . old that are taking back the world and it for us to worship them mindlessly . this is insane we have to help them ! i said running to one of my and trying to break the . instead they like they were made of sand . i saw their distort and scream as they faded into nothingness and felt my heart drop . was the most foolish of all . to think he could go against the of . all because he to save his brother . don t you see randy ? we are just in their game . we have always been ! but they need us . this much i know . the sad part is that they that far too late said as he near the edge of the room where i saw the hollow shell of dangling from the ceiling . so with nothing can stop these old from all of the world i . precisely . and those that him they have tried so hard . but time and time again their have piled up . now we are suffering the said . so what can we do ? that man on the phone said you would have an answer ! i said . king in a strange maniac way . he turned to me and i saw that half of his face was already starting to become distorted and meshed with the black slime around him . there is nothing i can do nothing except to give in . i learned all too late the truth about . the world they made was flawed yes but it gave us free will . and now because of that . we are for all eternity to suffer under the yoke of that do not care for our well being . i have made my decision randy . i would rather be cast into the void forever than to be stripped of my conscious self . he stepped back toward the slime and i tried to stop him but it was too late . he was already with the lost around him . the room to shake i a rumble from above and i ran . i made it back to the elevator and got out of there as fast as i could . i left the office shortly after watching as the were closed for the final time and a foreclosure sign was on the door . darkness covered the skies as night to come early and i down an empty road s warning . he was so sure this was the end of the story . because it was the end of . but i also thought back to that desperate voice on the phone . someone out there still our help . maybe we can make a difference even without guidance . choose to bring a future . i saw a poster for new not far from where i stood the job fair only a few away . they did this . and now i knew the truth to stop it from going any further . it was time to take a leap of faith and stand up for what in . i my new job at will airport i say new job but i was really just to a different and working in the same ramp agent position . now i have to tell you that i have a crippling fear of and my least favorite part of being a ramp agent is when i have to climb in the cargo bin on a rear loading plane because it ' s about above the ground . this particular night was a strange mix of a few an uneasy feeling . the first setting condition is it was not just light but pouring rain with a few scattered lightning and random power . every now and then we have dead transported in the cargo this was one of those and tonight was my lucky night apparently because my manager told me i was throwing this plane . " throwing " meaning i was the cargo out of the bin . it was the last plane for the night and ' t very much cargo beside the body my the ramp loader to the plane and raised it up so i can walk up the belt to enter the bin . about four other come over with a baggage tug for the cargo i say to everyone in a than normal tone because the rain was loudly smacking the metal shell of the airplane " i hope are ready i ' m not trying to be in there all night " and said " don ' t worry about it maybe you can make a new friend in there " in reference to the body i ' t think it was funny but i and told him to " shut up " and " let ' s get going " . i into the small and cramped space and sat in the bin as far from this human sized white cardboard box as i could and my phone out of my pocket to select a to listen to while i throw the bin . i find a good one and i start working . the belt at a snails pace and you have to wait until they scan each individual package so i can ' t just throw them as fast as i want to get out of there . about into it i ' m getting closer and closer to this box and my music i ' had that short out when they get wet so in the front of my mind i automatically assume that rain somehow got on and i just to shake a little water out of them but they were bone dry . i check to see if it was a or problem with the and i see i have an unread text . did i get a notification and forgot in the midst of my rap baggage handling ? the way my phone is set up when i get a message it will tell you who it is from but it won ' t display the message you have to access them to read it . the message was from an unknown number which was odd because very few people have my number to begin with . i click the notification to read the message and all it said was " hi " . i send a text back saying " hey who is this ? " my phone displayed that whoever sent the message saw mine immediately after it sent i and no response . i my back up and got back to my job . shortly after a crash of thunder that was so loud the plane shook made me jump at first but i quickly it and returned to work . i the belt was no longer moving i to " what the hell is going on out there ? ? why did it stop ? " . . . " damn thing ran out of gas we ' re going to take this load of cargo to drop off while we get another loader over here sit tight " i think to myself " where else am i going to go ? " about one minute later it got cold like i could see my breath cold i wrote it off as just a cold front and reach over for some luggage to lean on while i wait . as i look over for a bag to grab lighting went across the sky and i saw a quick flash of a little boy maybe old sitting on the white box staring at me with this eerily happy smile and his head turned slightly to the side my heart sunk and i froze never taking my off that box for what felt like . i was by the replacement belt starting up right next to the plane . i to the moving crawling as fast as i could trying to keep my balance and panic at the same time . i hit the ground and at and said " nope " i ' m done you ' re going to have to go in there " i ' t want to explain exactly what i saw but knew something me he me " what ' s wrong who was it " i and away before i could say anything . then i got a new text message notification that i loud and clear this time a response from the unknown sender saying " it ' s your new friend ! " my vision is blurred and dark as i open my . i can feel immense pressure in my head as i realize that i am hanging upside down . as the clarity of my vision i notice that the room i am in is completely unfamiliar to me . it like a dark old and decrepit basement from an abandoned crack house . wood massive spider and the smell of must surround me . my initial instinct is to scream for help but i stop myself before i do so . " no they ' hear you " i think to myself . " whoever did this they ' hear you if you scream . " instead i decided to put all of my focus into trying to free myself . my body is completely bound in some sort of sticky rope . i can hear the of cracking as it separates and re sticks as i wiggle around . whatever this stuff is there is no freeing myself from it . i begin to panic as claustrophobia to set in . the idea of being bound and always been a terrifying thought for me . the pressure of the blood rushing to my head from hanging upside down for so long soon to affect me . my vision to go blurry again and the weight on my to strain my breathing . coupled with the anxiety of being in this predicament i begin to lose it . my composure as i begin to scream and cry . it ' s too much for me . even if it some psychopath comes and me off i can ' t stay like this any longer . maybe i ' d get lucky and my ' t here . maybe my will be by a and they find me here . . . wherever here is . i scream and cry and scream as loud as my would allow . my vision soon to darken once again but before i pass out i notice something . there is a wooden staircase ahead of me and i soon begin to hear the of . they ' t heavy more so they sound like someone is walking with tap dancing . " are you awake dear ? " i hear a calm distant voice from upstairs . the figure to slowly walk down the metallic tapping with each step . i become speechless as i notice exactly who . . . or what the figure is . whatever this thing is its not human . at first glance because of my affected vision it to be a tall slender woman . long hair her face as she slowly . as i pay closer attention however i notice two arms holding onto the railing . . . and two more arms the ceiling above her . what i thought was tap dancing was revealed as long bony with barb like from her . as i scream at the site she her head to stare at me massive opening wide as she out a horrible wail her six of black opening wide as she does so . she over to me two clawed my body and the other two my face . i can feel the warmth of urine as i lose all composure . i panic at her upside down face coming close to my own . the massive lock onto my face digging into the four as i feel the horrible sensation of a fleshy disgusting tube enter my mouth . i struggle as i feel some kind of fluid go down well up my throat my gag reflex failing me . as she her violation she away and the into her face . they fold inward and eventually her face just like a normal woman . her many close shut but then she the two in the normal area where human would be . no longer are the a tar like black like before but a regular pair of brown human . as i observe her now human looking face i recognize who she is . it all comes back to me who she is and where i was before i woke up here . " you " i say as i try to forcefully vomit whatever was now inside of me . i had met her at the coffee shop where i work . she came in struck up a conversation and we had immediately hit it off . by the end of the night i found myself at her apartment and in her bed . i remember after we did the deed i to get light headed . i went to the bathroom and splashed water on my face . as i at my reflection my vision went dark and i out right then and there . that was the last thing i before i woke up hanging upside down by what i previously thought was rope but now convinced is some kind of webbing . " hello dear " she in a calm and relaxed tone . " thank you so much for such a wonderful time . " she turns around folding her extra arms behind her back and her into her . as she back up the she and one last thing . " i know you ' take good care of them . i ' m so happy i met you . you ' make sure they ' re well fed and grow to be big and strong . " every horrible possibility of what she meant through my mind . i begin to panic once again screaming and crying out for someone . . . anyone . . . to help . i soon begin to feel something . . . in my stomach . " oh no . . . " i cry out loud . the pain is excruciating and it like something is tearing me up from inside . i scream as loud as i can and i feel bile coming from my throat pouring onto the floor . almost immediately i pass out . . . and awaken in a bed . i sit up quickly and realize i ' m in my room . . . in my own bed . i begin to sob as i realize that it was all a horrible dream . i walk into my bathroom and splash water on my face . i stare at my reflection and realize i look like absolute . my complexion is pale like a corpse and the under my add to that comparison . suddenly i gag and bile from my mouth . the pain is unlike anything else . i grab my abdomen reflexively and notice something odd . i feel around with my and realize there are of tiny . they are moving around under my skin inside my body . i scream and scream as they move their way up my body until they reach my throat . soon after of bird sized emerge from my mouth as their sharp clawed scratch the inside of my throat as they climb their way out . i try to scream but my voice is blocked as one after the other these small are from my esophagus . once again i pass out from the pain the panic and the exhaustion . i awake still on the bathroom floor . the are still on and i feel all around my body . i feel . . . skinny . . . like all of the fat and muscle been out of me . i am barely strong enough to stand but i somehow muster the strength to use the bathroom sink to pick myself up . in my reflection i notice that i look even worse than before . i ' m even paler but now black liquid my mouth chin and chest . i hear shuffling come from my bedroom and i slowly approach the door . shaking i open it and the shock of what i see leaves me speechless . all around the room there are . small normal looking completely naked and covered in black slime sit and stand all around the room . i have no . . . i have no idea what to do . i try to speak but only a small peep comes out . as soon as they hear the of my failing to come out they focus their attention on me . there is an uneasy silence as i stare at them . . . . and they stare at me . suddenly four more of open wide as they all let out high their opening wide to reveal horrible looking . they rush over to me and i scream as they latch on . i fall to the floor and mentally prepare myself to beat eaten alive . . . but that ' t happen . they are . . . hugging me . tiny arms are wrapped around my arms and body as they rub their tiny horrible looking on me . i want to scream but i don ' t want to set them off . one of them at me right in the a creepy looking smile forming as it its back into its face the tiny black staring into me . i suppose this today is my first father ' s day . this is a copy of a note left by in a safe deposit box at in with not to be and read until now . xb i apologize to you now reader for the information i feel the need to relay to someone even knowing i will have before it can be read . this information been carefully guarded not by myself but by those in power and my own tongue been sworn and to silence . after this event i was told what to say who i could not speak to and at all times was watched . long after the event i was not so closely guarded but in certain i could tell i was being . now so far after it and with my life almost complete i feel i can leave this note somewhere secure without it being found out until long after i have . so believe me or not indulge me in telling my story of the sinking of the titanic . i am or was a wealthy man which was somewhat of a requirement to get a place aboard titanic . i have never been overly of the sea but you have to understand how prestigious this ship was . vain though it may be i felt the greatness of the ship would rub off a bit on me and that it would make for excellent dinner conversation to describe to the that i experienced on this liner . for it truly was a sight and my no luxury . and more than this i had previously met the captain smith at a dinner party or two and he had made quite a charming impression on me . more than just an excellent ship captain he was a tough capable man that like he had a will of stone . i thought him . this would make that night that much more terrible . the night was a few days into the trip . i had been quite a time chatting with other that had come to the ship with the same pretentious as myself and drinking not a few . i had been out on the ship s deck enjoying some much fresh air when the ship previously sailing so smoothly and with nothing seemingly about it to a halt . i forward and practically fell and my immediate assumption was that i had just a bit more alcohol than i thought . however upon hearing the restlessness of the boat after this moment i over to the side to see if perhaps we had struck something . there was i can tell you no iceberg . have told me quite clearly that i should say there was but this is not the case . however when i over the side there was indeed quite a bit of ice . but it only to be in the water immediately where the boat touched the surface . like a perfect ring around the ship . it had us clearly and in staring at it for a moment i thought it was slowly moving like frost up the side of the ship . it was very dark though and i could tell you with no surety the ice was moving although there were like of ice upon the surface of a lake . i was by this and being my arrogant and somewhat intoxicated self i off to see captain smith and ask him how such an event could occur . some strange natural phenomenon ? could he have it ? my mind did not work too hard in the moment to come up with an answer as i had forgotten exactly how to get to the bridge and i was trying to think what pompous thing i d say to the crew to let me speak to the captain . but as i made my way up i found no resistance . when i got to the door that i knew led to the bridge it was both unattended and partially open . with great confidence i through and my mouth to voice my complaint when i saw a group of men in a tight huddle in the corner . one was captain smith but there were three that i did not recognize . two from their dress to be part of the crew but the third to be some sort of priest to me but rather off and he wore no cross . while the about him as if secretive his back stood straight and he to look at them almost with disdain . we them the crew can t find them . but i brought them ! the captain said these in a half whisper half hiss that this priestly fellow at . you are aware of the toll captain . when the priest spoke it as though his mouth had been right next to both my yet also said through some barrier . the effect was profoundly and me to speak . captain smith might i have an explanation ? my memory of my does not contain the that was most likely evident . the captain s head whipped towards me then and i saw in his for just a moment a fear that i had never seen before . not just in his but in anyone s . his were so back that they might have fallen off for all i knew and his bloodshot as a drunk man . his head whipped back to the and i saw his jaw clench and unclench continuously . his lack of concern for my question and my now somewhat concern for his fear me to move closer to them . captain ? i again but without the haughty confidence . payment will be collected . i the priest say again alarmingly close and muffled and as i stepped forward he strode away from the men past me to the door . i stopped for a moment watching him leave and when i turned back to the three crew i saw men in the wrestling with what like the end of the world . one was making something akin to a choking noise and crying another was shaking so much i could hear his teeth chatter . but captain smith stood perfectly still his so wide they to take up a greater portion of his face . his breathing more labored . captain ? i said again . his head whipped to me again and when he spoke it was with great urgency . get to the damn . his voice was gruff and his face to be turning red . i my mouth to speak and he at me . get to the damn . the power of his voice broke me and i back practically running out the door to the bridge . as i did i the begin ringing and the of the two other men as they ran out behind me . the three of us were to get to the deck but they had the advantage of sobriety and strength of body and me . as they burst out of the door i saw as i ran what like a ludicrous amount of people on the deck . i ran after the two crew as i assumed they would know the way to the . as we ran though i something again . it had the same feeling as when the priest spoke of being right next to both my but it was husky deep and like the voice of someone with far too much saliva in their mouth and came out sloppily . i m in the water . it said and i froze . all movement around me to freeze as well and the ambient noise of people stopped altogether although not the sound of the sea around us . my head turned to look towards the side of the boat out of some fear that something would climb on deck and i to see it . but there was nothing . i went to take a step to follow after the two men but when i my leg it instead towards the side of the boat . i felt my heart flutter and my breath catch after i took the step not following it with my second leg as i knew it would bring me closer to the edge . i to look down at my foot to see why it did not go in the direction i tried to move it but before my could break away from the water i the voice again . i m in the water . the wet voice spoke with more urgency now . i people scream around me and saw as more people towards the side of the boat only to stop themselves . then a noise to come from off the side of the boat . a crunching sound not so much like breaking ice now but metal . titanic a bit . we knew the boat was being broken . the few many . people some sideways as they to face away from the water but in their panic many simply ran the way their them and they were thrown off the ship . i still made no move my not me unless i actively them to work . as ran off the boat though a new sound my . it as if this mouth overly full of liquid just behind my was . and wet like a deranged man eating meat on a bone with his mouth open consuming the meat and the bone . i broke at that moment and took two but they both me closer to the edge . i caught myself after them but i was crying with fear and all my were shaking . then some poor soul who was lost to the fear saved me . a man came into me knocking me off my and turning my onto the deck . i him keep going screaming all the way falling off the ship . but with my averted i found that i could scramble away . my locked to the deck and i went in the direction i had previously been moving . i would like to say i and tried to knock down or avert the of those around me as i went by but in truth i was a coward and so worried for my own safety that i did not think to help anyone but myself . even as i half half i felt something wheedling its way into my ear . it felt like a tongue dripping with saliva and at first as it felt into my ear i clapped my over them thinking some physical abomination was trying to get to me only to find that it continued past my . i on occasionally as the tongue went further the feeling of something slick so far into my ear i thought it was liable to touch my mind . my outside perception almost nil as i lost focus on anything but this horrific feeling . at last i felt myself reach the rigging where the were . i could hear that had gotten in perhaps broken from the spell of the sea the same way i was and i that the boat lay suspended over the ship . i had a moment of panic when i i would have to look over the edge to judge where the lifeboat was to be able to jump in . i felt another man shove against me as he past and i up to see his fate . again i saw the ocean and the incorporeal appendage in my out . i t see the man i intended to watch jump as my were by the dark water . get in the water . i the voice and it almost a gurgle the and filthy . i for a moment but i found that in my peripheral vision i could see the lifeboat . it was a bit of a jump but close enough that i thought i could make it even with my shaking . as i to the edge to jump all the while staring at the water i felt the ship groan underneath me and unsteady me . when i leapt my only barely aware of the lifeboat i slipped on the moving ship . my fearful energy proved sufficient though and amid a small group on the boat my head with another escapee . the lifeboat swung and as i landed and i had a moment of intense fear that it would flip and we would be into the water but the ropes kept us steady enough . i found upon in this boat that the spell no longer to force my vision or my and also nothing its way into my . when i down at the ship though i could see a structure begin forming up the side coming from where the sound of breaking metal had been . it like of spider at the ship at it and extended slowly further out of the water . then when the to reach their maximum length and could get no more purchase on the hull from their end two more slightly smaller and working their way up tearing and at the ship . all while and crew along flung themselves into the water at the base of the boat . i down with horror and with what limited sight i had it that as they into the water they were then even faster than their free fall had been . as the boat to get under we knew we had to free the lifeboat lest we be under with it and despite our intense that it would consume our small boat we freed ourselves . to our incomprehensible relief we splashed into the water and rowed away completely left alone by whatever was out there . we watched the ship break in half as this leviathan it down further . not long after we were picked up by another vessel and as a whole we were collected and put on one boat . from there a naval officer to us that what we saw was never to be repeated on pain of death . they told us what our story would be an iceberg too few poor commanding and steering of the boat . as i said before when i returned to my life on land i was beset by who made sure i revealed no secret and after some time when they were no longer assigned to me i sometimes was aware of the cover that watched me . no mention of this did i make to anyone out of both fear of them and fear of giving and remembrance to this event that so scarred me . i hope this letter does more than fill someone with fear for although i write it for some catharsis i must hope that some good can come of this knowledge . and i would warn you of two before i finish . first you should destroy this letter for if you were to be found with a letter from me about this event i have no doubt you would be silenced in whatever way they necessary . second while i have never set foot again on a ship i have seen of many with their displayed and on all of a certain size i have always found a member of the crew that nearly identical to that priest . why do we try so hard to win the affection of the people who think we re wrong because of who we are ? some people see that wrongness ingrained in the essence of a person . when we talk to the obstinate it s almost possible to see the turning in their as we speak . they don t pick their until after we said our piece . then they choose the opposite of whatever we said and convince themselves that they it all along . i d turned into everything my family just so i could have a chance at saving them perhaps they would despise me for the rest of their but that would be a very short if i t intervene . i was now marked with the tattoo of a on my forearm and the of a vampire in my head . two that one another could find common ground in the fact that both would be happy to kill me on sight . the best case scenario was looking to be a lifetime of loneliness . on the plus side though i could fly . i sailed above the two men i d just . i distantly sensed that a deep fissure had cut into my mind i d never be able to undo the fact that i d ended a life . that would be marked on me forever . i down at the tattoo . then i landed softly next to a second floor window pressing my and against the wall like spider man . on one hand flying instantly felt natural and i knew how to do it without question . on the other hand it was to stare fifteen at the ground below me with nothing but the guarantee of supernatural influence to keep me suspended . that s when my pulse would normally start racing . but my blood did not seem to be moving at all . every part of my body except the heart felt cold . icy . dead . i then open the window and into a dark bedroom . i d assumed that becoming a vampire would make me impervious to fear but i quickly found out that i d been very wrong . my felt so creeping into the pitch black room filled me with never thought before . i thought i was being stealthy until i on the foot of a bed and went sprawling to the floor . i tried and to be quiet . the door light into the room . a flame to life . i up to see an old fashioned gas lamp in a glass sconce throw of darkness and light across the silent bedroom . in the doorway was a girl about my age . i d been worried about a large adult man coming in to kick my ass . but it quickly apparent that a thirteen year old girl would be a much more formidable opponent . i stood up quickly and then on the same corner of the bed . i swore . then i arose more slowly convincing myself that there was still a shred of dignity worth salvaging . the girl t look like she was . in fact she t really have any reaction . she just stood there staring at me like i was nothing at all . that fact drove me completely insane . i to wrestle with her and pin her to the ground and tell her that i was able to kill three and then let her know i less about her than she about me which was nothing whatsoever and then spoon her and i the fact that she was making me feel that my head told me i t want to feel . i d been going through a lot of this recently like another person was my whenever i saw certain and the more my brain tried to push the away the they fought their way back into my head . this girl like one of the from a really old movie the family . zero even though my own mind was completely . i to react by saying something that made me seem cool and confident like i t care what she thought at all because i t care . hey i said . who the hell are you ? she with icy accusation . damn . that made me want to spoon her more which made me want to punch myself in the head until the stopped . lie i told myself . i m mangel . that s not a lie my brain in disappointment . what the hell are you doing here ? she shot back . um . my are meeting with . i m here from another congregation . she raised an eyebrow . which one ? i closed my so that my brain could work by not seeing her . i d read enough of dad s to make up a lie as long as i t trick myself by thinking too much . we re from s congregation . how how about you ? still no change in her pale white facial expression . leu . he s my father . i got dizzy . your father is one of the dozen ? what s um who are you ? i m she . are you supposed to be up here ? i my head . i m actually supposed to find . where my are . i . do you know where that is ? she away . if you re really supposed to be there t you already know ? i idly around my back then froze . um . this ! i enthusiastically a stake from my . i made very sure that she t see the design which suddenly ridiculously childish . her grew wide at the sight of the weapon . i found this outside and i need to show it to them right away ! she at me with what to be a mixture of admiration and fear and i was quite with myself . follow me she snapped before turning around and heading into the hall . i after her thinking of all the i would tell as we so that i could evoke even more of those . we in silence . it was a very big house which meant a very long silence . she broke the quiet several later . this is the chamber she whispered pointing to an ornate door . . then turned and away . which was fine . i t mind . besides i had to focus on finding my family . i turned to face the door . it was not a welcoming omen . ornately from stone the door featured a myriad of tiny running up and down its . thirteen terrifying out as though they to bite my off and lick the bloody clean . the thirteenth was at the very top . no matter where i stood the to follow me . they blinked . i back . no . it was impossible for stone to blink right ? trembling i back up at it . everything was still . my heart would normally have been beating hard enough to crack my but i was slowly beginning to understand that i would never feel that way again . would be different from now on . and there was only one way forward . i out and the stone handle with both . it took all of my effort to pull it slowly toward me . i distantly that this path was only meant for those who were really really certain they to enter . once the crack was big enough to squeeze my gut through i inside . and i nearly at the sight before me . my family was alive but i t know how long that would be true . my were tied to two wooden on one side of the room . s hair hung low over his bowed head . s wild black mane was a ruffled mess that from his scalp as he at the ceiling . both were unaware of my entrance . across from them near the middle of the room stood my father . arms behind him he was bound atop a pillar that to serve as a centerpiece . the type of place you d put a sacrifice . everything about the scene was wrong . are supposed to be the source of stability and order in a chaotic and world providing structure and even when we disagree with them . seeing him so broken and helpless something hidden inside of me the mental fissure that had quietly broken in the night now split than i d thought possible . everything in my world was vulnerable . i closed my and thought of the . a good that stealth is crucial when facing an unseen threat . if multiple allies are in danger assist those who have the chance at turning the odds not the you feel emotionally to . you can t save their if you first lose your head . i my and took the only path forward . lifting my off the ground i toward my landing stealthily behind them . the ropes that their around the extremely tight . i out a stake and at s ropes pushing the tip between the and wedging them back and forth . then i back and it into the knot . i and frustration quickly turning to panic as the rope to show any sign of . come on ! i scream whispered . the sound carried through the empty stone room much more loudly than i had . . then he . mangel ! he groggily . what what the hell are you doing here ? from next to us . what s happening ? it s mangel ! they must have found him after all and taken him here . i thought they might just ignore him if we did as well . i to scream at my brother to shake him to tell him to stop doubting me when i was in the middle of succeeding where they had . but the panic of falling short severely the emotional need to fight back against those who me to fail so i harder at the rope . mangel ! too loudly . get the out of here before they realize they forgotten about you ! i saw red . i . the ropes were like stone . turned and down on me . he s right mangel . you can still escape they probably won t even notice . go ! that was it . that was it . even when i was succeeding right in front of my family they thought i was in the act of failing . the damn ropes were the only thing standing in my way and at the worst possible moment they absolutely to . i was tired of by these . it was time to change the game . the act was instinctual i don t know how i knew but i knew how . i my mouth and willed my longer hissing loudly . ! . they got to him and turned him ! he s going to bite you ! and i bit . and bit . and bit some more . within the ropes lay in tattered at my and was staring at me in complete shock . then i turned on . he at me the whole time . before the last rope could come loose he snapped what was left of the and away . when i up my were standing side by side staring at me in fear . keep quiet ! i . and watch for traps . from what i read the chamber should have at least one . i whipped my off and out to open the zipper . what the hell ? you been marked ? in shock as he at the tattoo at my arm . mangel how is that possible ? i the hard enough to hear it rip . you find out i been turned i save your sorry from dying and the most incredible thing to you is that i actually accomplished what everyone else in the family for ? why the did i even i m mangel even if you and i are the only who understand a deep yet feminine voice throughout the chamber . i up to see a pale woman with short platinum blonde hair floating slowly downward from the ceiling . her ice chip blue cut through everything else it felt like they were seeing me from the inside out . nausea me but i could not break my gaze . back away mangel ordered and the desperation in his voice made me want to cry . my throat was dry i could barely speak . is that whispered . and it s too late to back away . she landed gently on the pillar next to dad looking down on the rest of us . it was too late long ago she with a sickening tone of finality . then her mouth . and it kept opening . six eight ten . that s when her grew . unlike the tiny in my though hers into angry that curved down to her chin and into angry looking . a second pair of sprang up from her jaw a fearful symmetry that balanced the scales on both sides . i . i knew somehow that she could see the fear from me like shimmering heat . s ability to prod my was so powerful that i could feel it inside of me like a doctor s dry tongue depressor . you re afraid mangel . i could not tell if she spoke aloud or just put the thought in my head . and that s the only correct instinct you had all night . then she her jaw even and brought it down on my father s chest next part wove my snowmobile back and forth as the road curved along the mountainside . the previous night s storm had brought down another three or four of snow on top of the seven that had already fallen . i was thankful for my snowmobile without it there was no way i d be able to get around to each house . i d been working as the sole winter caretaker for the gated community for almost three . is a collection of a dozen or so multimillion dollar situated high in the of colorado . it an absolutely stunning and absolutely private mountain view . i brought my snowmobile to a stop in front of a mansion and switched off the engine looking out over the jagged of the rocky that dominated the horizon . the sudden absence of the snowmobile s engine and the quiet of fresh fallen snow brought a silence so complete that it was almost . i warm air into my to fight off the chill that was into them . during the summer i doubt there s a more beautiful view in the entire world . one of the selling of is how remote the neighborhood is . a single winding road with the rest of the world a road that s completely impassable by car during four of the year . the who own the treat them like summer only living here a few each year . during the four winter the neighborhood is all but abandoned . that s why they hired me . i m supposed to make sure the are warm check for vandalism or and look after in general . living out in the for the absurd salary they were paying was an opportunity that i t pass up . i turned my engine over and along the road . i d already checked up on the higher up the mountainside . once i was done with the rest i could get back to my little cottage and spend the rest of the night reading or the . i to a stop in front of the s mansion . i out an infrared camera to check that the house was warm . once that was confirmed i it over to make sure no were broken . almost no one knew this place and those that did had so much money that i had a hard time them stealing from anyone except their . i was about to turn the engine over again when i . if it t for the snow all other there would be no way i would it . a voice out for help from the house . i slung my leg off the snowmobile and down the hill towards the house listening hard . is someone out there ? please help ! it like a young girl . i knew for a fact that no one had gone into or left the house for the better part of a month . i t seen a single vehicle a single light a single person the entire time i d been up here . yeah ! i . who is that ? i but there was no response . i cursed under my breath and rounded the house towards the front door . i d been given a set of but had been told to only enter the in the case of an emergency . i figured this qualified . i the key into the slot and the twelve foot tall wooden front door . my jaw as i saw the inside of their house . it me of a hunting lodge . the living room had a twenty foot tall ceiling with covered in animal and . the head of an elephant hung over the fireplace ringed by moose and a dozen other . i down to see i was standing on what was clearly a lion pelt serving as a rug to the entryway . hello ? i out . anyone need help in here ? down here ! a girl out her voice desperate . please help me ! i out a flashlight and made my way to the basement door . a strange symbol was into the wood . it like several . i open the door and down into the darkness . the basement t have any or . no all the in the basement were still alive . i past cage after cage sweeping my flashlight into them one by one . most were that i could name . a deer a dog one several . but there were some that i t recognize . one glass tank a serpent like fish that to be staring at me with an intelligence that made me shiver . hello ? i out again my voice weak . down here ! at the end of the hall ! the girl out again her voice shrill . i sped past a section with several disturbingly humanoid . at the end of the hall i found a cage unlike the . while the other were either glass or with metal this one was completely by metal . please i m so thirsty she said . a large warning was printed on the side of the cage that read only trigger release after confirmation of death . i my hand over the button then . instead i for a small metallic slide that to serve as a peephole to the inside of the cage . i it back and through along with my flashlight . a mass of hairy orange flesh filled the cage . three of its turned to stare at me and a mouth gave a noise . well it was worth a shot the thing said . its voice high like the girl i d been hearing but slowly into a guttural slimy croak . i back from the cage fighting back vomit as the smell washed over me . what the hell ? i . it just gave a guttural chuckle . you re not from are you boy ? i continued to step back then ran down the hallway towards the front door . the creature after me its voice bubbling with laughter . every family in a way to show off to the . and trust me i m not the worst . i kept running and eventually made it to the front of the house . i the front door locked it with my key then hopped onto my snowmobile . i spent the next several trying to make sense of what i d seen especially with what that thing had said about trying to impress each other . i can t stay here without knowing what s inside the other . if i decide to enter another i update you all here . more r discovered the hole in floor shortly after we into our new house . the house was on and to be honest it too good to be true . we d been looking for a new house for a while our old house was rented it was falling apart . we d discovered in the garage bees in the wall and in the attic . the place was a joke as well as far too expensive for what it was so when we found a new house naturally we at the opportunity to take it . it was an ex council house which we only saw as a positive thing it meant the house was when and it came with central heating and double glazing our old house had neither . moving day is always stressful and with two to ship around too it t easy . my partner and i to gather up some family and move the first then the smaller last . it took all day but eventually all our were in the new house . first of the house t exactly joyous but it t look like it was housing s and the fact it was stable was a nice change . we had been given permission by the landlord to decorate how we saw fit as long as the t too dramatic and if they were we would paint them a neutral colour if we decided to leave . long term t easy to come by so we were grateful for that . most of the house we t mind if anything we had booked some time off from work it gave us both something to do . it was a bedroom semi detached and the house itself t overly large but well sized enough that we t get under each . upon entering the house through the front door led into the hallway with the on the right hand side the of the hallway were a peach colour and someone had painted purple on the . there were two at the end of the hall one led into the kitchen and the other into the front room both the kitchen and the front room had that led into the dining room it was an odd layout i guess the house from the start had its . it several days to unpack and put into order we tried to make it feel like home as soon as we could the first . they re at the age were they both spend more time in their than anywhere else . molly who turns in august was in the second bedroom at the side of house and jack who had only just turned was in the smaller room . he t mind as long as he had his on and the worked . we gave both a lick of paint glossed the and skirting and they both pretty happy . we molly about the in her room when we took the wallpaper off in the room it like whoever papered before us had their to draw and write on the it was nothing cryptic but the us of the start of a horror movie . it was about into living there we turned out attention to living room the in there was quite and we to give it a more modern twist but my partner fixed on one colour grey . what if its too dark ? i whilst we were the colour scheme too dark ? it cant be any than it is now she she was right the fireplace was a dark brown colour the may have been cream at some point but were sun bleached and nicotine so they were an odd shade of several that into each other . the bay window of the front room had net i t seen net since i was eight and at the time were too expensive to have . the net had definitely seen better days they were moth eaten the same of brown as the and i could hear my mother in my head you can always tell the state of someone s house by looking at the net . i took them down with the intention of throwing them in the bin . what if we had white on top a border then grey on the bottom ? do you think that will brighten room ? she at me i knew she grey and in all fairness it is a modern colour . the white would help brighten room . better than just grey i guess we better get down to the store and get some paint i . babe wait she are we keeping the carpet or it because dark brown will not go with grey and white i t argue with it she was right and for all we knew the carpet was originally white and over the had turned brown . it was a bet to replace it . it i rip it up we don t know what colour it was originally we can do that today and pop over to the store in the morning we need brushes anyway it like the most innocent thing in the world to do it t seem like it was going to cause any harm . the removal of the carpet was easy enough a quick tug in one of the the whole thing and within we had the whole thing rolled up and outside . the smell from the carpet was awful the moment it was disturbed i was in the face with the smell ammonia i m guessing the previous owner had a cat and it regularly went to the toilet on the carpet . underneath the carpet though was the thing the whole floor was tiled with small red but by the door a wooden grate about foot in diameter sat there . it was the thing we never a different sound underneath our when walking over it . i at the grate and it it sat on the lip of some concrete in the foundation it came off with a little force . we t know what it is we t know how deep the hole went it was just black . we a torch in it and it to absorb the light either the hole was that deep or it just absorbed any light . at first we and about how it was a gateway to hell . the day after we discovered it we the they along too and we pretended to push each other in . curiosity eventually got the best of us and we to send something down it before we covered it up for good . we for an old we fully it attached to some string turned the torch and video on it and we sent it down . it might have been around foot down and the phone acting up the torch t stay and the the phone kept banging against the wall so we decided to pull it up and take a look at the video . we t see anything the best we had so far was that it may have been some sort of old well and it was filled and covered . that night we ordered in food from we sat at the dining room table and ate together we were still about the hole in the floor . jack convinced the previous owner was serial killer and therefore the in the hole molly on the other hand thought it might have been part of a bunker from previous . my wife though she t seem to like talking about it and the faster we covered it up the better i think something about the hole made her feel uncomfortable . that evening we all said our and headed to bed around . my wife and i were talking about the house again and she it first . what was that ? she she stopped completely still . what was what ? i . the banging . the banging downstairs ? she at me like i was stupid i really it when she spoke to me like that i was ready ask why she was talking to me like that but i it it like someone was banging the wall . all the in the house are solid brick so sound t travel that far on them . yet i distinctive . bang bang bang they were there again . i at my wife and it was one of the . i her to check on molly and i d check on jack we met back on the after both our into the jack had his talking to his and molly had completely out when her head hit the pillow but there it was again bang bang bang it t than before but it more persistent . we checked downstairs living room dining room kitchen front door and back door no one there and for the rest of the evening we t hear it again . in the morning i awoke and felt the bed for my wife and she t there i made my way downstairs and found her in the kitchen the dog like shaped coffee machine because it t pour hot water . the works i said as i the switch and a mug from the cupboard . i don t know why we bought this it like a great idea at the time but it never works she was i could tell she was tired . i knew what would make her laugh straight way and i burst into song singing mardy bum by arctic it always made her laugh even after together she still found me funny from time to time . today was a which meant the were to spend the weekend at their they were and ready to go neither one of them was overly excited about going it t because they t enjoy going but they t have the that they have their . he t have which was the biggest problem to them . the paint went on the quite nicely we put of white on first which covered the nicotine and removed the stale smell of smoke from the room the grey took one coat and we were pretty much done with the . we just to repaint the fireplace we t settled on a colour and get a new carpet fitted . it good good job babe ! my wife came from behind and me . it was nice colour t take long to do shall we get a drink tonight ? we could try the place over the road ? i yeah get up dressed and get some food she headed upstairs to the bathroom and i . god a right ? we headed out at i have a habit of setting to use the burglar deterrent when we are out we were in a new area and i t want to take any . it was nice to be out the house the smell of the paint was giving us both a headache . we sat ate drank spoke with a couple and who lived a few streets from us . we got on quite well t local and had here to be with he his own business and to do well and was small and petite and dressed like a modern day and as it turns out they knew the previous . we got the impression they t get on with previous but we thought it would be rude ask anything further about them . we were both a little tipsy when we got back i went to the kitchen and silenced made some water took up with me for each of us and went to bed . we slept in late the next morning we both had a small headache . its probably from the paint my wife said holding her hand up to her eye trying to stop the pain . nothing to do with the gin and then ? i . ? i t have . did i ? she it was the truth . why t you stop me ? stop you ? i was already on my th and coke it t seem so bad at the time i got up and when downstairs to make some coffee . i t help myself i to see how the paint took to the wall so i into the front room . the great it t appear to dark i figured we could change the light fixture and to led i turned to walk back through the door and saw red on the wall . i had to rub my i thought i was seeing . red hand on the wall ! i put my hand against them for size reference and mine were too big they tiny . there was something strange about them . the to long for the size of the palm they t look right . my first thought was what punishment the were getting for this . i my wife and after a few what s and come here s she finally gave up and came down . what s that ? she i at her perplexed . what does it look like to you ? cause i m seeing i was tired my head hurt and in hind sight i t have snapped . alright ! how did they get here ? she she lightly one of and at her hand the red was now on her . the still in bed ? i furiously . they t here remember ? she defensively . id forgotten they ' d gone to their . she rubbed the red liquid around on her it was still wet but quite thick . my wife into the kitchen to wash her i went back upstairs to grab my phone . i her scream from the kitchen . i the missing the last two and found my wife in the kitchen . the kitchen was cold colder than it had felt and the back door was open . my wife was crying i her what was wrong she just pointed to the door . the lock was broken the still in the door and on the door step of the back door was a dead fox . it like it had out . i the police who within the hour we them the wall the door and the fox . they took from us but came to the conclusion that must have tried to break in saw the fox it made their way into the house and the were from looking for a light switch . that story t make any sense i said what your suggesting is either a child or a very tiny person somehow got into my garden a fox for some unknown reason left it on the door step and left perfect fingered on my living room whilst looking for a light switch ? i was angry it was the thing i ever police officer just at me i know he was trying to calm down the situation it s the best explanation i can offer based on what we got right now he his answer was genuine and i know he was just doing his job . it took over to clean the blood off the and repaint i buried the fox in the garden and my wife and i both off that our first night out had led to this . id to find a new lock for the back door and fitted with an extra bolt on the door . we d the landlord and let him know what had he told us there a lot of car in the area and it may have been someone trying to find car within the house . he to send a locksmith to replace the lock but i told him i d already to fit a new one and added and extra lock on the door . by with no further incident . was a different matter altogether we did some food shopping came back and still t decided on a colour for the fireplace . the would be back around . we were sat in the dining room drinking our from the dog shaped coffee machine . are you in the office tomorrow ? she the truth is i t have to be but we t set up the home office and to be honest i just some space . yeah i go in around catch up on some and see what s what i . i was she t pick up on me wanting some space but sometimes she could just tell she never . are you going in tomorrow ? i no i want to unpack some more for the and the fireplace is annoying me so i might have a look for a colour they re not me until she lucky her i thought . a sound to vibrate from the floor it was a low hum almost like electricity it t last long but it was enough to make us both stand up . i could feel it through my . i at my wife she was looking at me then at floor . what is it ? i don t like it she cried were forming in her . i don t know babe i out to hold her hand . the table to vibrate the shook and the coffee on the table and as soon as it it stopped . my wife was upset i t know what had we checked the in case there was an earthquake but it t feel like one . we a few to see if anything else but it t . i the off the table put them in sink and i the banging again i ran to the dining to see my wife petrified she was looking into the living room . i her and put her behind the door to the living room was ajar but there was no mistaking where the noise was coming from . i the door and the wooden grate over the hole slightly rose with every bang . bang bang bang my wife me even harder than she already was pinching my skin . is something in there ? by now she had covered her face in my jumper she was too to look . don t open it she . i mean i t on it we were just watching the grate raise with every bang and after a few it stopped . my wife burst into on the floor . a voice came from the hole it was a quiet weak voice . help . . please ? it we both shot out of the room neither of one us could speak . i could feel my shaking and my wife just at the door . please . . help ? it again . the voice t sound right it t sound human almost it was difficult to tell if was male or female . i open the door again and i could see two the wooden grate from underneath . small pale and it to be trying to push the grate up . my wife panicked and threw a nearby book which made the voice grunt in what i imagine was anger . i a nearby chair and dragged it the grate and it on top . the and the banging stopped . we the police again but when they came they thought we were making the whole thing up . spoken to the previous have we ? the police officer what ? we don t even know who they are i was offended i certainly t like wasting my own time let alone anyone else s . what do you mean ? my wife she was more concerned now than before . the family who lived here before they did this a lot too on the police and wasting police time they only stopped when we the husband for it the police officer said he with himself . they something lived in underneath the floor and we only ever found evidence of an old well i t know if he was or not . the police left leaving us more than we had to begin with should we find the previous ? or ask the landlord about it ? i my wife i tried to plead with her with my i felt hopeless i t know what to do . why ? she they think we are lying making this up ! she . i tried to console her i tried to be brave but the truth was we were both . pm came around and the burst through the door excited to be home we both put on brave and them back . we made together caught up with the on how their weekend went and headed to bed . at again the banging my wife up we both knew where it was coming from . the chair won t come off the grate i said as i at my wife she had my hand in some effort to comfort the both of us . are you sure ? she i m sure babe the chair a i . we were all in our and this time and jack had it my wife s phone rang and it was jack if we were banging . it s not us i think it s the ill speak to them tomorrow about it try to ignore tonight it probably stop soon she what she could . i at her confused . the ? do you think he it ? i genuinely i don t know but we need to get something sorted she . the following morning we the dad if he would have them for a short while we told a small lie that we have both got food poisoning and it was probably best they t with us whilst we . the t happy about it but we need to keep them safe . that us up to today every night at the banging i the chair with a concrete breeze block and a tarp of the grate . we sealed off the room by screwing the door to the doorframe hopefully if anything does come out of the hole it can t leave the room . we haven t the voice again we haven t had any more house . just the banging every night at . we re for the s safety . the will have to eventually come back we haven t got any money to move again . we re stuck and we both just feel hopeless . i tried looking at the history of the house and i can t find anything . is there anyone that can help ? part can be found here it s now been three days since i first . a lot . i to get some sleep after my last post . maybe it was from the small comfort of knowing someone out there is reading this maybe to find a solution ? at the very least an answer though not a lot to go off of . but the second day i found someone else . an actual person . despite the homogenous grid and of endless i continued to try and find a way out . i don t understand how this place could go so far and for so long . an hour of walking and there was nothing . not even a damn traffic light intersection a bar . it s all the same . i my shortening supply of water my body along by scarce nutritional . my mind to home my wife . would i ever kiss her again ? would i ever have a with my son or grab a with my daughter ? these hopelessness . t it supposed to strengthen my resolve for escape ? no it only left a sickly depression death s hand inevitably over my heart . the hopelessness dread depression all the instant i saw a man curled on a concrete stoop facing a building with his back to me . i have gone for days of little to no human contact back when i was the along . my trip of solitude a loneliness and utter aloneness once i found this place . excuse me sir ? i . i my throat towards him and said again excuse me ? my arms broke out in . i a stranger to my own self . the man his open then . he sat up and away panting . i stopped careful to not scare him away . i m sorry i don t i t know what to say . the stranger at me wide eyed his grime himself up from the ground . he made no move to stand . his beard was dry and as tumbleweed . his appearance was that of a homeless person . perhaps i homeless as well . i my up to him then what is happening here ? where am i ? do you know anything about this place ? this rapid succession of gave him no time to answer but i t help myself . his mouth but no came out . i again my across my jeans then out my hand . i t know whether i a handshake or to give him a lift off the ground but i it . he finally my hand and i him to his . his clothes were disheveled and in pale dirt a tattered gray windbreaker wrapped around his waist faded black athletic polymer pants and a plain gray t shirt . a watch on his wrist dead . a jogger ? hiker ? this me to ask how long have you been here ? his pallid face still a shock of what i assumed another human being . he to choke some out his coarse voice of gravel under . i don t know . i a clean shaven hiker greeting a tranquil morning to immerse himself in nature neglect the and of a job and only to find himself trapped in a place that could not exist that cannot end . i said you must been here awhile . my on leaving threatening to crush my brain . this man must have been trapped here for a long time . his beard the front of his neck his sunken malnourished gauntness and pallor in his entire frame . as far as i could tell time worked the same here as anywhere else . he said fear is the key . fear or succumb to her this desolate man s face contorted in confusion possibly from his own spoken . mean ? he must have lost his mind . would i ? this to be the perfect place to become detached from reality a real selling point . his his dried bloodshot of a former alcoholic with mine and fear you moving . keep moving you live . i don t have much time left . he had not a pack nor any on him . nothing but himself . how he this long ? have you found anything here you cannot explain he . there was something underneath his voice under its surface that a hopelessness as hollow as of a . an odd question . what have i not found about this place that s inexplicable ? i mean besides the never ending of and freakishly tall no . you found no other ? his back was already to me and walking away as he this . i . i his had slight . besides you ? no have you ? they re all around us . don t you hear it too ? she . it . they re all around us . the back of my neck an invisible finger lightly tracing my . then it was clear to me that thing i found yesterday sleeping . what are they ? don t know . fear me from them . fear me he went to one of the on our left turned the knob and stepped inside . this one was identical to the other one i except there were subtle . an orange plastic chair in the corner shaded in blackening dust . it could been a snapshot of an abandoned elementary classroom corner . the to either side were stone of a smiling woman with hair of short her facial structure tapered to a sharp v at the chin . her smile was one of sinister . behind the front desk and in the back corner a water cooler dispenser stood as a mute sentinel . the man slid over the desk and filled up a plastic bottle with water . my stomach at the thought of drinking filthy water . he came back over and some of it then closed the cap back on . dark and light thick and small and spun in the water . he his head and pointed to the dispenser . how do we know that that water i stopped when the man put his finger over his chapped thick . my voice away into untouched and dark . he made some gesture at me one that to say get the hell over there get some water and shut up . so i did . i my the man at the sound but he said nothing . only . i filled my bottle and stuffed it in my pack without to zip it back up then out with him . i was relieved to feel the humidity and openness . how much more can i take of going into these ? how many more times until i find something that me ? if fear cannot keep you quiet then how can i ? the man said . a rhetorical question but i nonetheless i don t know what the hell is going on here why this place even if it what the is going on i shook my polluted water white . we have to live off of this dirty ? what s the point if we can t leave ! my down and between running further and further away but i continued to rant you talk of fear as if it s some person some god you when a deep pain spiked my stomach my dying in a wheeze as i fell to a knee . he had me in the gut . fear i kill you if you do not listen he down at me as someone would observe a cockroach with his shaky fist or perhaps it is that hum that it . i took some deep before i could stand myself back up my shaking as i did so . was i in the wrong for screaming at this stranger possibly whatever else lived in this place ? yes i was but what else could i do if not let out my anger ? it had only been two days but my an outlet . a target . his indifference did not help my plight . though it was wrong of me to have flown into fury i could not help but feel my trust diminish for him what little trust there already was . for all i know he could be an psychiatric inmate . that watch on his arm could have been stripped from another man or woman s corpse one s life he out . my sanity was losing its grip slipping off a rain metal rail . to not slip bordered on impossibility . from the second and into the third day i the man . not once did he ever scavenge for food . i had a bar and some crackers in my pack but he them . why ? surely he d be starved but i thought not to question him . maybe fear him in some mysterious way . perhaps this hum that only he him to of food but i haven t seen it yet . it was cooler the next night an occasional breeze in caressing its chilled across every part of my body and mind . he no or else we d alert those . what are these ? i . he with apathetic silence . an occasional slurp of water . sometimes he a peculiar spot on his arm it . i stole into myself and my arms in a fruitless effort against the strengthening cold then fell into deep sleep . i awoke in the morning of the third day and the stranger was gone . i shot up my surroundings then my pack . cloud cover sunlight . i out to him with a few hello ! s . a deep warble from far away like a native singing in dance but frenetic and phlegmy . was that the stranger or something else ? maybe his mind broke insanity speaking through him in . i to where we were the day before . i thought perhaps the man would be getting more water . i in one door t see it the dispenser then to the next . there was barely enough light to illuminate the so i very well could have it by at that point . my tongue was dry cracked like of torn plastic . i up my water wondering if it was worth a swig . there was no telling what cultivated inside of it . how old it was . the black plague could been floating in there . as i was about to give in and drink a faint sound of static piped in . it was everywhere at once . i quickly my pack and water inside then something wet in my hair . i ran my through and my hand away . it was clear . then another droplet hit my arm . the of white noise rose but not unbearable . i raised my head up to the tree of leaves gave timid back . then the downpour came . the rain splashed around me . then a sudden warbled outcry . the same one from . closer now . a sudden grip of nausea around my stomach . something ran and splashed through headed my way . just around the corner of a building . i ran . my calves and burned like unoiled . of soaked earth and mildew . the rain veiled the street s length in a gray haze . all of the strange man the fear and his this whole place it all drained away and adrenaline took precedence . i could run forever . the splashing of my and splashing of the pursuer were indistinguishable . it was possible that whatever it was pursuit but i t be sure . my and my confidence to keep going . i had to hide . without a slip up or hesitation i to the right and burst into a building . my shoulder was against the door to the outside . i could only hear my rapid and dripping water . a ghostly reflected glow from the outside illuminated the inside but only enough to make out of the and desk . then that feeling of someone watching me was i alone ? i took a step back from the door . my shoe into something big . my first thought was . i raised my foot heavy from whatever clung to my heel . i the phone but the brightness setting did all but help . i shook my foot then a hollow . i t waste my phone battery on a flashlight . whatever it was it t dangerous or it would rent my foot from my ankle . or bit it . t matter whatever the case it was harmless . i put my ear to the door only to hear the rain like a left on an abandoned station . no meant no pursuit i d hoped . i cracked open the door the torrential sound of rain clearer . light seeped in and revealed next to my foot a in skull . a human skull . what next it s hard to comprehend . it s like trying to piece together a dream that you thought you d remember before falling back to sleep . a hand my shoulder and painfully dug in . the door shut . harsh strange geometric colors across an darkness my throat constricted . i struck out my knee and met a meaty wall . something to the floor like a soaked rug . i think i on something on the floor multiple times feeling a solid impact each time caving in . then i outside . maybe left the door wide open not sure . and here i am . writing an update on . am i even alive or am i just this ? i feel that my writing it s me to reality . that tether is soon to snap its consistency now frayed and fragile floss string . when was the last time i ? brushed my teeth ? it already that have . day three that s right . it s day three and there have been no . was this some hidden suite of ? an experiment ? i would have to go back and read through my own maybe i find something . or maybe you will know something see something i don t . alright i sleep i can t keep like this . ' tales of a lonely security guard ' part part part part part part part out of boredom me and a group of to a city far from the small town where we all grew up . were i to tell you the name of this city it s likely you ' never even of it . you see despite being a decent sized city not too small not too big there ' s almost nothing significant about it . were you to the name you d find like at least three other before you ' d even have a chance to stumble upon something about this place . that s part of why we decided to move here to get away from everything . the only reason we even found out about this place was because of a random real estate sent to my good friend who me to not include his name in anything i post . at the time i t working but he had a good paying job and was all into it . now i said i t have a job . but that doesnt mean i was broke . unbeknownst to anybody living in my i was still sitting on a . . significant cash pile to say the least . until a year ago i was traveling around working for . . well just say back then what i did for work was much different . my buddy and i got our good friend a drinking buddy of ours involved in the plan and before long ? we had a house in a city we ' d never of before at a cost less than that of a year ' s rent in our home town . the deal too good to be true initially but after a bit of research everything checked out . the bank even it ! not that you care . . nonetheless we were still pretty worried . well skip forward a month and here the three of us were . in a city much than we were with a weird name no one we to before leaving had of . the of us moving in t that important at least not right now . we each got decent but all worked different so we almost never saw each other . whenever i was home the were either at work or asleep . or you know . i was here we are . i m working for a security company that security all over the city and neighboring . ah i should probably give a basic description of myself huh ? i ' m " " i have hazel brown hair and i keep myself clean shaven for my job . i ' m of average build yet still pretty muscular from my past which as stated i won t go into right now . the uniform we wear is simple black pants white with the company on the back and on the of course and a thick black jacket with the same logos and " security " in big black above the on my back . i also wear two pinned to the front . one is a big metal badge that security officer while the other is a personal id card with a key code on back below my employee id used to access certain across the city and all my information on the front . height weight eye color my id number again and the " class d " which refer to clearance level clearance work like this d through a each with . basically d is the clearance and a is as far as i know the highest . also on the badge is more personal information i don ' t feel like here of which immediate family and my address amongst other . really a lot of information just for an id badge if you ask me but hey . they don ' t pay me to ask . oh they also supply but i like almost never wear that thing . oh yeah i almost forgot to mention most have an office for security use and anything than a few usually come with golf for us to use . i usually don ' t bother but ya know sometimes it s or i ' m just a little bit worn out so i ' grab one of them bad if it ' s an option . one cool thing about these i should note is they allow you to wear jewelry . might not be as cool to you as it is to me but i have several giant i wear almost all the time and the last company i worked for before this one always made a big deal about it . man i think it s cool . i d go into more detail on my because trust me i totally could each one its own meaning or story but honestly i been on this tangent long enough and let s be honest that s not why any of you are here . i will say this though they ' certainly come in handy for me on numerous the we take on vary greatly from location to time of day or even the type of job itself . these of include patrol event security and my least favorite personal escort . sure sometimes you escort someone cool but most of the time it ' s just rich people who think they ' re better than you . and i mean honestly i m a pretty chill guy right ? but the last thing i hear about is some rich about " being too close to the rabble " or how his " t selling that well ' or whatever . i promise you not every rich person is as cool as post whose a real sweetheart by the way anyway most of these are pretty basic . just your everyday security . for me though i m one of the who always works the night well not always but i d say that s a good of what i do . on top of that i m pretty sure my field manager something against me so i always get the worst . i swear most of the they send me are either in a bad part of the city or really far out of the way in i never even of before being assigned to the job . even so most of these are pretty normal . a few here a couple there . . no i say most because i seen some man . that really weird unexplainable . a lot of the time i m able to brush it off but not always . before all this i would have told you i ' m not one for believing in supernatural crap like i was skeptical of everything . like and ? yah . of course you know there ' s only so much weird you can see before you start whether you even know what you think you know ya know ? if that even sense . i mean i be honest ever since i saw that toad my head s been a little bit up from time to time . it ' s like that thing tore my mind apart and reconstructed it over and over and over and sorry i m getting a bit ahead of myself . where was i ? oh yeah thats right . sometimes it ' s really hard to deny what you just saw straight up ' t make any sense . i ' be honest there are many many i could tell from the last month alone but i think i ' start with one of the most . one my first first . there s this one warehouse really far out pretty much at the edge of where my company will send people . i guess there ' s this forest or whatever something about liability ? or so my say . i ' m pretty sure it ' s just some idiot set the forest on fire a few back and the just been slacking on cleaning up the forest or the part of town that d been by the inferno . i mean that in and of itself t seem quite right it been a few and all but certainly much more realistic then " super spooky ' anyway that s not really important . not for this story at least . although i have been thinking it d be cool to go check out that burned part of town on one of my off days . honestly i think me being a security guard for work but an urban explorer on my off time is pretty funny . i mean t they like polar almost ? yeah i don ' t know . but then again that damn toad wait what was i saying ? oh yeah what s important is up a steep cliff side which the site there s this old looking house surrounded by open . initially i t sure anyone lived there . but i early on that once it got dark there to be a flickering light from that general direction . thinking little of it i continued my . on the third night however is when got serious . i really up at that thing and swinging from the tree which was in front of the house was what to be a human body in a canvas sack . no joke i nearly lost my right there . instead i kept my cool and promptly took a step back over myself and fell on my ass . sure the body was creepy as hell . but here ' s the thing that really got me . there had been no anywhere nearby during the day just before . there s no way someone a giant spindly tree like the one i was looking at in the last few let alone the other dozen or so i was seeing around the house . actually come to think of it maybe that forest thing was important . i wonder if i can look into that more ? ' oh " i remember saying before to my and reaching for my company phone and dialing my manager . now i know what you ' re thinking . police . why t you calling the police ? and well there ' s a good reason for that . its company policy . they really hammer it into you . i t really put much thought into why but our company you to call management pretty much immediately when you see something you can t explain . in other head causing a scene who to leave ? first call the police . then the property manager . and then you call the field manager . however if the dead come back to life ? call the field manager and promptly . that was for sure just the example they give . . although sometimes i m not certain on that . . not now anyways . despite my immediate shock i was pretty sure magic and a random body lean more towards the later . so you know i did that . it took a couple of for my manager to pick up the phone and when she did she tired . " hello ? " she said clearly just and groggy " officer speaking " i hastily and efficiently to her the situation as best i could and her if i should call the police " yeah hey yah so . . magic . . magic and what to be a body in a tree which i should add wasnt there an hour ago . should i like call the police ? " from the other side of the line i grumbling and movement before finally she said " no don ' t do anything until i get there " now she d said something else after that but to this day i can t be certain what it was . it came off as something like " god damn " t her real name of course but thats what i m call her for now because she s fearless and to be honest if anything out here me it s her . also i m not that creative so . . it is everybody . i sat there waiting for her to arrive and as i did so i ' t help but stare at the thing in the tree . it s been probably or so since i got off the phone with officer but the entire time and up to that moment it to me the body in a tree which ' t been there was still swaying back and forth . . slowly almost methodically . this despite there being absolutely no wind in the surrounding area . usually time pretty quick for me on my but as was policy i t to wander out of eyesight of what i to be an anomaly . i sure as considered this whole thing to be an anomaly so there i sat watching a corpse swinging in a tree until i a voice behind me " mark " i could hear her yelling but it was faint . . distant " mark " she than before . it was in this moment i what i was doing . " oh . well me " you see somehow while watching this tree . . and this body i d to climb up the cliff side . it t a sheer drop but by no was it an easy . it s my assumption i d been the and jutting earth to work my way up . " what the hell are you get your ass down here officer ! " she was a shorter slenderly built girl . you could tell despite the thick we all wore . i had to assume she was older than me but she certainly t look it . soft looking skin shiny dirty blonde hair . a look so innocent a more foolish man may assume she was weak but i was no fool . i d seen her take on and talk down men twice her size . plus her were usually staring daggers into anything she at and despite her beautiful i always found her stare to be massively . . . i certainly t be on her bad side . " yeah . . yeah i be down " i told her " i just to see the . . thing " i looking up to see the body still swaying though . . was there two ropes now ? i would ' this more but in that moment my landed on something small and shiny buried in some dirt on a little patch of earth jutting from the cliffside . i tried to get a closer look but in doing so i lost my footing and fell i barely caught myself and then felt the root i was holding snap and air rush by me . i must have lost consciousness for a bit as i don ' t remember the ground . the next thing i can recall is my fluttering open to see s usually intense gaze staring down at me with concern . " damn it mark are you alright ? " i tried to get up but she stopped me " don t move too much mark let me look at you " she said as she bent down to see if anything was . . " ugh " i in pain as i to feel the back of my head . i felt something wet and sticky . my hand away i saw that yep that was definitely blood . my felt heavy and my vision was blurry but despite that i continued to pull myself up . " don ' t worry about me i m fine what was that like ? " she the blood at about the time i over myself and almost fell back down but to my surprise caught me with the speed of a cheetah . seriously scary . " mark i told you to stay " she had begun though she ' t pick it back up after she caught me . not yet anyway . this " " girl me a man twice her weight to a nearby golf cart . always her car and one for use pretty much immediately assuming they ' re available on site . guess she walking . before she me in though i took a glance behind me and to my shock there was nothing . i mean the house was there of course . but every tree was just . . gone like they ' d never even been there . body and all . me in and told me to just rest while we drive to the office . she got in beside me and i the slight hum of the golf cart as she it up . i laid my head back and as she drove us towards the office confused about the whole ordeal and more then a little unnerved . also my head hurt . i in and out of consciousness as we made our way to the office . once there she me inside and if i felt like i had to go to the hospital or anything . i a bit as i took a seat but at her . " no " i " i be alright . . but the . . did you see the ? " we sat in silence for a while i could feel her me . it like she almost t want to say anything but finally she did . " yes mark i saw the damn . that just here sometimes . not sure what it s about exactly . i just know we ' re not supposed to talk about it . they used to show up all the time . we ' t believe the officer who worked your shift back in the day honestly . we learned a lot from that but not enough apparently . after he went missing they stopped showing up . nobody s seen them since . that is until tonight . what me out really ? he he saw a body dangling from a rope just like you . your claim of a body me out . anybody else who this phenomenon only . that ' s it . we ' re not sure how it works exactly but clearly there ' s more to this than we thought . we ' t believe him about the body thought it was a trick of the light or something he was himself into seeing . i m not let that happen again i promise you mark " as she finished her speech i sat there in silence for longer than was probably appropriate before simply saying " . . you sure i m not just . . losing it . . ? " she at me and sweetly just for a second with concern in her . " no mark " she " you ' re not losing it . weird sometimes . i put in a request to raise your clearance . that is assuming you ' re willing . it s ultimately up to you a c rank comes with lots of not to mention a hefty pay raise . but trust and believe it ' s not always worth it . at your request i can also move you off this and any other potential catalyst . the decision solely on you . until you make a definite decision tell no one what i ' already told you or it s both our . i promise i explain more as soon as i can " all i could do was nod . i mean that was all just . . so much right now and with how i was feeling i really ' t have it in me to say anything . she told me she was going to step out and call in someone to cover the rest of my shift and then take me to get checked out at the hospital whether i to or not . i agreed and watched her step out and thought about all that had . ultimately i clearly went with the clearance and pay raise though she ' t lying when she said more and money ' t always as desired once they ' been acquired . at this point of the story she drove me to the hospital where they determined i sustained no serious long term damage . they gave me some pain and me . work gave me the next two days off apparently just as a precaution which was by my weekend at the time and . after those four days i went right back at it however this time with a goal in mind . find out some of my own while whatever it took to gain higher clearance was . for now this is officer off . part me and my younger brother sat in the living room drawing with our . while i was drawing a cartoon lion i over ' s drawing . it a tall black figure with large red looming over as he slept . " what are you drawing ? " " i ' m drawing the scary . " i knew what the were my entire family knew . every night we would hear little in our telling us to open our . and dad always told us never to do as they say but they never told us what would happen if we did . " how do you know what they look like ? " " i don ' t i just use my imagination . " seeing ' s drawing and hearing his response to my question made me curious about what the actually like . usually i never thought about what they might look like but now i to know . " hey . " " yeah ? " " i think i have a plan on how we can see the scary . " i told that when i would hear the voice tell me to open my i would say " please stop ! " which would signal to peak out of his blanket and see the monster without it seeing him . then in the morning he would draw what he saw so we could finally know what we were always so afraid of . it took a bit of convincing but he eventually agreed . we agreed that we ' t tell or dad because they ' t let us so at dinner we tried not to talk as much as possible . and dad pretty quickly . " hey why ' t you talking as much as you usually do ? " " it ' s nothing dad we ' re fine . " " you sure ' t acting like it . i think you two are up to something . " " no we . . . we just . " i ' t sure what to say because i was afraid dad would tell that i was lying . then in . " me and saw a squirrel get hit by a car . " " is that true ? " " . . yeah " i was pretty that could come up with that so quickly . after dinner i gave him a wink and he just back . anyways after dinner we brushed our teeth put on our and got into bed . before we closed our we at each other and gave each other a high five . a few and i still ' t hear the voice . i knew it came at random times but i was starting to wonder if it was coming at all . then i hear that distinctive strange voice calling for me to open my . i said the signal " please stop ! " out loud but after about two i my brother screaming as loud as he could . i was too to even open my to see what was going on . after a few the screaming stopped but i still ' t open my for the rest of the night . in the morning when i woke up i came across a brutal sight . ' s corpse was on his bed with his eye ' s completely out of their . i was completely about ' s death i knew that if i ' t come up with the plan could still have been alive today . my brother always kept this creepy baby doll on a shelf in his living room for some reason . i swear it ' s just to creep me out . in reality it ' s probably because our grandma gave it to him as a family heirloom before she . but does he really have to keep the thing sitting on that shelf right in the living room where i ' m watching ? i was watching my nephew for my brother and his wife while they took off for a few days for their anniversary . it was the first trip like this they had gotten to take since little jeff was born ago so i was happy to help them . plus i got to crash on the couch at night and enjoy the premium sports package on their . they had been especially generous in stocking the . i had been temporarily laid off my construction job and ' t start up again for another week so the arrangement was perfect . i was also happy to spend some quality time with jeff . after his bed time though i ' t step out of the living room without waking him up . apparently the little guy is a light sleeper . i him in bed at precisely p . m . " g ' night uncle josh ! " he said . " good night bud . " i said and happily made my way to the couch with a bag of chips and a whole pack of soda down hard on the couch while simultaneously turning the on for a long night of zero productivity . perfect . before i sat down i made sure to turn that baby doll away from me and face it toward the leading out to the back porch . i know my brother set it facing me just to creep me out . i ' have to think of something to get him back later . i was just stuffing my face with a fist full of chips when i swear i saw that baby doll turn its head right toward me and smile a wide creepy grin ! i ' m not ashamed to admit i and sent chips flying everywhere . by the time i my composure and back up at the baby doll it was turned back where it was . i just sat frozen staring at it as if i were waiting for it come to life and try to kill me . i ' d made it through of life with no mental maybe according to my rd grade teacher but add ' t count and i was sure i ' t just now going crazy . i myself i was a grown adult and decided i to man up and go check out the creepy doll . i willed myself to stand up and step toward it . there was a loud crunching sound and i . potato chip ! i my composure and the rest of the way to the doll . after thoroughly it out i ' t find anything unusual about it . i went about cleaning up the mess but i never took my off the thing . i sat back down to watch but for some reason i felt the need to act like i was watching the television while i was actually keeping an eye on the doll . i did that for an hour until i to drift in to sleep . that was when it again . this time though it ' t fast . it slowly turned its head to me its opening wide and then the little mouth grew wide smiling ear to ear . i just sat there shaking with fear and glad i had an empty bladder . i felt embarrassed about being so of this little thing . i went into a rage and as i across the room and it . i my pocket knife and cut into the back of it tearing out the stuffing and searching for whatever made it do this . nothing ! i just sat on the ground staring at it heaving angrily like a madman . i up and around the room feeling a sensation like i was being watched . i suppose at this point i was paranoid . that ' s when i a stuffed bear sitting on a bookshelf across the room . that was something new . i what like a small camera lens in the belly button of the bear . it ' t like my brother to use a nanny cam . he technology . then i a creepy laugh coming from outside an open window . it to to be coming from the cedar on the edge of the property . my brother pretty far outside of town in the and there are no around here . i got up my spine . i got up and pretended to walk out of the room . then i quietly along the wall to the book shelf . i carefully felt with my hand around the belly button of the bear and sure enough i could feel a camera in there . i carefully away from it and positioned myself by the open window while i made a phone call . i to call the but i ' t have much to go on and i was sure they would haul me in for a mental evaluation . instead i two who lived down the road . they both up right away holding baseball bats . we together in high school and between the three of us our team had the best batting average in the region . they ' t ask any . one of them went to watch over my nephew while the other went with me to the living room . there was a motion light outside the window and i on it . my buddy stayed by the window while i slipped over to the bear and it down on its belly like a cat when i did it . it stupid but if there was audio in that thing it would sound like a cat it over . then i the baby doll . i further into its back and was when i felt small mechanical in the neck . my buddy me over and said he saw something . it was a raccoon walking across the . the disconcerting thing was that that fat trash panda ' t set off the motion light . that meant either the thing was dead or worse someone had disabled it . my buddy and i at each other when we felt a cool breeze on our . we turned and saw that the had been . the lock been picked . the bear was also sitting upright again as if someone had come in to set it back up . we the floor creak behind us and turned around just as a huge guy raised a knife above his head ready to strike . he out the most horrible laugh i ' ever . he brought down the blade on my friend but he it with his forearm and took a bad gash in the process . that gave me enough time to swing down on the ' s arm with my bat . i crunch and he . he lunged forward and head me hard . i back and saw the guy coming at me again this time with the blade in his other hand . now it was my buddy ' s turn to get in on the action . he brought his bat down on the back . i him hard in the shoulder and he finally went down . by now my other friend came running and the three of us on him kicking away the knife and trying to hold him down . the guy was huge and crazy . he tried to flail and kept screaming at us . " you ruined the shot ! you ruined the shot ! " then he a moment his head back and let out a laugh . now it ' s an hour later the are here and they took the guy away in in an ambulance . have been us evidence and taking . i ' m writing this down and posting this on here because of what i just one detective say to another . " i ' t think these were all the way out here . they ' only been in the big so far . " the other one spoke . " according to that memo we got they are all over the place . these get their from people out then they trade the footage on the dark web . now they ' re trying to one up each other . police in just found a guy to death . you know what that profiler said people like this inevitably get now they are getting creative . " the first detective . " i ' t want to see what creative like . " the other detective at the torn up baby doll with the blood from my friend ' s forearm on it . " god help the next guy who out . " just to get a picture of who i am living in the city currently working an apprenticeship and i like to collect and such . recently i went to my local thrift shop in of killing time and finding something new for the house . maybe i would find a new mug new outfit or some old to reminisce on . as i was making my way to the register with a few nick i the bin with amateur looking . one painting in particular stood out and i just had to inspect it further . it turned out to be a real oil painting it was of a young girl staring out of a window of what to be a log cabin . out the window there are grassy and a figure looming in the distance . i figured " this is pretty creepy and its an actual oil painting " so i checked the price turns out it was only . so i ' t turn it down . i the painting in my hallway adjacent from my bedroom . went by and the painting really fit the mood i was going for with the house . nothing really until came over one night just a small get together since we all finally got some time off work coincidentally . friend of mine me where the bathroom was and i pointed it out to him down the hallway its the first door on the left . a minute or two went by and he came back to the living room . he sat next to me and me where i got the painting from . i told him i just to find it at the local thrift and he at me questionably . he like he to say something so i said to him " spit it out man . is the painting creeping you out or something ? " everybody got quiet and all were on us . he over at one of our mutual . he " do you remember that painting had at his place before he last summer ? " she over and " yea what about it " ? so my friend who we know by gallows to " yea i think our boy here somehow ended up with it " . we all get up and head towards my hallway to get a look at the painting . she thats the same exact painting and " dude thats creepy as so where did you find it " ? i to them exactly how and where i found the painting . then how their friend went kind of crazy after the same painting at an antique shop . was someone of here and there . i never had the chance to really meet or get to know the guy . from the he to be a really down to earth guy . he worked on furniture restoration and all of . about a year and a half ago came into the possession of the painting i currently own . he had it in his home and not long after he acting strange . he kept peaking out his constantly as if looking to see if someone or something in particular was watching him . a few of his thought he had a drug addiction maybe but quickly brushed it off seeing as ' t the type of guy he had his liquor and ' t really mess with anything else . went to check on him from time to time and it like he had given up on half way through . he was barely eating in his last few and was visibly malnourished . he kept telling everyone that he ' t let " it " come any closer and that if he away " it " would come get him . they tried to have him but ultimately ' t seeing as he was an adult . eventually he would be found dead on his front lawn bloodied and lying on broken glass from the window on the second floor he out of . his family then collected anything of personal value from his home . anything else was donated to local and thrift . the get together ended on that note and everyone their way to the door . i stop gallows on his way out and ask " you really think that painting is or something " ? he at me as if carefully choosing his before saying anything then " i really cant say you know i dont believe in that sort of thing but at the same time it could be seen as bad juju keeping around something that could ' to suicide . i cant really say man personally id get rid of it " . he out good night his way to the car and off into the night . i walk back towards the hallway to get a look at the painting again . it creepy sure but to think someone could ' themselves over this i dont know it just ' t make sense . i make my way to my bedroom and call it a night . suddenly i wake up i look at the time and its am . i head to the kitchen to get me some water and head back to bed . as filling up my cup out of the tap i notice it a bit . the rain always it easier for me to fall asleep i dont know exactly why but it always whenever it would start coming down hard . the rain would just drift me away to dreamland . something off outside as i stare out onto the street . underneath one of the street there to be someone just standing there in the rain . they were too far away to make out any real but somehow i could feel they were staring at me . i make sure all my are locked and go straight to bed after that much water . the rain quickly me off to a sleep . the next day i get ready to go in for my apprenticeship at a local shop . making my way towards my front door and as i pass the hallway something off about the painting . i look at it hard for a good minute but ' t really put my finger on what exactly about it was " off " so i shrug it off and head out the door . during the day i ' t get it out of my head i keep saying to myself " i know off " . after lunch it finally me but i shake my head thinking " the just got me paranoid from the other night " . i leave somewhat early since it was painfully slow and decide to head back to place . might as well take a look to see if i was just seeing this morning . in front of the painting now every brush stroke and notice the figure in the background is gone . i say out loud " get the here " and grab the painting right off the wall . i had and the only thing on my mind was trying to figure ways to dispose of it . i decide to just throw it in the trash seeing as the following morning was trash day anyways . that way the painting would be completely with the trash compactor on the truck . i leave it in the curb along with the rest of my trash and go about the rest of my night till i eventually pass out on the couch . few pass and i wake up on my couch with the still on . its still dark outside and i dont have my phone on me so i ' t really say what time it was . i grab myself a cup of water like i usually do from the tap and as i look outside from the kitchen window i notice the same person from the night before right outside the house right by the curb . i ' t move an inch i just kept looking at them . this person eventually after what like a good not towards me but towards the painting i had left by the trash . they picked up the painting and off with it into the night . it was way too late in the night and i did not have the energy to start something over some trash . whoever they were if they that painting well i guess they can have it . not bout to start a fight over it at this time of the night . few go by and i go back thrift shopping . different store this time but i always get good no matter where i go . as looking through the old i notice just left to the . to my surprise i see the same painting i just threw out several ago . the little girl looking out the window towards the grassy and the dark figure i previously thought had once again . before this whole pandemic situation went down i along with a few had scraped together enough cash to go traveling abroad . it t a crazy amount we certainly t have enough money to spend any considerable amount of time in absolute luxury but we did have enough to bum around and have some fun as broke college . with our limited pool of cash and the choice between and we decided on . the flight from to was long to say the least . our exhaustion and jet lag far the coming from our as we booked a room at a dingy motel in . when we the door our of joy turned to of disgust as we the on and saw numerous scatter off to find cover . we had sometime in the night in our restless and tired state time had become meaningless . if it t for our only working brain cell and his alarm we would have happily and our flight . as the six of us into a room really only meant for one we it a night . it felt like i had just closed my when the alarm . i think the thing i seen to a rabid person was how feral we all hearing that awful marimba . all we really had to do was stand up and leave given how we had just out . after stepping in which thankfully made out much faster . as i i saw jeff swat off a huge looking cockroach who had tried to make a nest inside his shirt . i hate those he they creep me out . t no creature need that many . i beth s muffled voice chime out from behind the bathroom door you better not swat at them . pregnant give birth if they re being i saw it on when this ant guy i don t know beth jeff said with a squirm i already know enough . god made me stupid in purpose so don t you go screwing that up . with a chuckle we left it at that . by the skin of our teeth and the good grace of god we barely made it on the flight . once we landed in bangkok it felt like we had the land . we spent the first two days from bar to bar and feeding off the hole in the wall . although i can barely remember any specific other than jeff s alarmingly hairy back while he was practically on the table shirtless it was a blast . on the third day learning absolutely nothing from that awful we bought a case of beer and headed off to see the beautiful wilderness of . now i know how that a group of dumb drunk college wandering off into the t exactly sound like a champion move but to our credit we were really only exploring the touristy . the only real deviation was when we broke off to take a dip in a lake . or should i say when i broke off to take a dip in the lake . is hot so hot in fact that any source of water like a godsend to anyone like me who at ninety degree heat . so when i saw that beautiful blue out behind those i happily broke away from the pack and made my way over . the only obstacle in my way was a fence but seeing as how it t too heavily barbed or anything i made quick work of it . god let me tell you right now there is nothing better than an ice cold dip on a hot sunny day . as i dove in i felt the cold embrace me like the arms of a long lost lover . never again would i take air for like i had before . when i came up for air i the group coming closer . i had them to join in but to my surprise they stopped at the fence . sam what the hell are you doing ? was the group s voice of reason . while had the brains most of it to dissolve the moment there was any fun was to be had . as a result a vital if somewhat thankless role in stopping us from killing ourselves . as she at me i back . i m enjoying myself is what i m doing . did you hop the fence ? no i tunneled . i at her while she her at me . sam you need to get out said as he edged closer . the fence is there for a reason if they haul your out to jail for i swear to god we leave you behind . i around only to see a few further up ahead watching carefully as they themselves a dip . although our had brought us deep into rural it t like we were away from town so it t hard to think that maybe i really was . i had been shouting back at them trying to defend myself when almost like clockwork i watched as two older men came out of the . as one bent down to drink i locked with the one father behind i could feel the molten anger only the elderly can harness . if i had to guess how old he was just standing there i d say a cool eighty five at least but seeing the blurry streak he had become in action it made me reconsider . i don t speak no one there did but you t have to speak it to understand he said some very colorful . i just about flew over the fence before he was at my . as we ran we watched him shake his fist at us screaming what was undoubtedly a rainbow of profanity . when we finally felt safe we down poor jeff like he had in instead of me . they each daggers at me for the of the weight of the situation sinking in . they had just watched my smug soaked ass nearly drown trying to doggy paddle away after getting out then jump a near ten over a three foot fence at three speed . they never even seen me jog before let alone complete an impromptu to escape a four foot tall ball of elderly age . as all that on us we t help but laugh . sammy jeff said still i swear to god you the ever loving out of a monkey just hanging out in one of the . you two were running side by side for a moment there . beth was doubled over with in her laughing like an out of shape hyena . the look on your face . i watched as she to contain herself long enough to recreate it before just giving up . oh dear god i think i m puke . i to admit it but it was pretty funny after all i had made it out almost untouched save for the cut on my leg i must have got coming back over the fence . once the laughter had down we decided to keep on . with the exception of one very forward old woman who had taken a liking to we had no more old people chasing us down for the rest of the evening . late to our hotel and somewhat drunk we it a successful day . as i laid awake that night scratching myself like crazy from the dirty lake water i saw the puss leak out the cut on my leg as i to feel the faint trace of something wrong . at first it t noticeable . the discomfort climbing up my body and in my head had only a mild thumping maybe a week later when we were forced to go back because of the rising scare of covid . the ride home was somber if a little nerve racking although no one said it i could see the worry dancing across my . we d be forced to split for who how long until got better . as we touched down back home i felt my head start to thump . quarantine was awful it was for all of us . i lived alone which while it got rid of the fear of infection meant i would run the risk of going stir crazy . if it t for and i m pretty sure i d of lost my mind a long time ago . it was only a month and a half later when my head got worse . gradually it a nuisance the mild thumping turned into a pain . i to down headache like candy anything that would make it go away . sometimes at night i could swear it would move up and down my skull and when i rubbed the in my head it felt like a pile of dead . it only kept building and building at one point i had to actively fight the urge to scream . the pain made me break out into a sweat as my skull to split itself in half . i t visit the hospital i had seen the news . even if i t get the virus on arrival those were to the brim . if i had anything i m sure they d kick me out or put me on the back burner since it t virus related so i grit my teeth and through it alone . the only rest i could get was when i out because of the pain it was hell on earth up until one day three into quarantine . i had out because of the pain but when i woke up i felt nothing . no headache no hurt nothing . it was like it had never even . if i t of been so drowsy because of the headache i would for joy . i don t believe in but whichever patron saint blessed me with that magic i d happily gift my left nut just to say thank you . i those few days although i d still feel something threateningly slithering around ready to act up it never got as bad as before . it was only when i was brushing my teeth when it hit me why . i was on autopilot working the across my mouth when i felt my left eye start to twitch . i felt it before i saw the movement . i could barely react as my eye was against its socket . slowly as if to check if it was safe a black thread like object out from my eyelid . it to grow and thicken as my eye was aside . it was hanging out now at least two in mid air as i froze in place . i to scream as i watched it in the mirror but i knew if i did i could alert it and risk it crawling back inside my head . as slowly as i could i brought my hand up to pull it out . my hand was about neck level before it turned its pointed head to face me . it must have been the size and length of a shoelace by now but as it me in the face i t help but see it as a terrifying snake . i watched as the black wormlike creature itself forcefully back into my eye socket . i felt of violation and horror rip through my body as it s vile slimy surface wash its course oily thorax in my watery . it had nearly completely when i finally pinched and took hold of it . it to wiggle out of my grasp as it s in my vision . when i i could feel it fighting back for a moment i felt triumphant as it s shiny black body more and more . i did . . . until i felt it wrap around behind my eye . the little had anchored itself on my optic nerve as i once more i felt the of agony as my eye to come out of its socket bit by bit . that s when i m my panic i made a decision . i frantically at the bathroom drawers until i found my pair of hair cutting scissors . slipping the between what little of its greasy body was still left exposed i took a deep breath . . . and i cut . i felt it s body writhe inside me frantically as a new problem . while i had chopped off its head the body was still alive and turning as fast as it could to return from where it had come the thought of this thing still living inside me made my body run cold . the thin liquid it blood had to blind me as it seared and my eye and as its fat body faster away it was taking full advantage of the distraction my torment brought about . as it hurriedly to disappear i knew what i had to do . i ran to the kitchen and the first spoon i saw . i could feel it s body writhe inside me when i made it back in front of the mirror i watched the last trace of it vanish as i myself . burring the lip of the spoon against my eye and the bottom lip of my eyelid i . i felt the cold metal send a wave of pain through me as my eye was forced out of place . from behind the now empty socket a large curling strand of shiny black out squirming frantically for cover . i could still see it wrap around my now dangling eye my vision split and slowly bathing in red as i worked . i took both and as i buried my in desperate for a hold on it . i as hard as i could it felt like a horrible eternity before i the now finger thick black noodle against the counter . my eye still dangling and it fighting crazily as it wrapped around my arm i took it and it inside a container . the happiness only a moment before i saw the carnage . blood was flowing like a river out of the empty hole my eye had once sat in the scuffle the worm had out the surrounding yet still . they to collapse on themselves and lay as they poked out past the skin of my eyelid . the sickeningly faster and faster as my eye spotted the still chunk of something wrinkly dangling in the middle of the socket . without thinking i rushed to the hospital feeling fainter by the second . my vision was starting to dim and blur with every collision of outside contact against my still hanging eye a flood of excruciating pain exploded through me . my only saving grace was the emptiness of the streets in the pandemic . i barely made it five into the emergency room before i in a bloody poodle on the floor . i was out before i even hit the ground . i was lucky that the hospital i had gone through had a few available . although i had brought the thing in with me they had no idea what it was . the best they could describe it was a parasite i must have contracted while swimming abroad . they said that most people contract them from rural even in the us with untreated water without even realizing it . when i had been to describe the trip it all . i must have cut my leg on the wire climbing it the first time without and when i into the water it must in through the open wound . the theorize it made its way up my body as traveled between the skin . when i the strength of the they brought me in for an x ray that revealed a small hole near the back of my head they that the discomfort and pain i had felt was it eating surrounding tissue and boring its way through my skull . since there are no pain in the brain i t feel a thing once it was inside . a brain scan revealed that i had been lucky it stopped at bone and tissue nothing was missing or affected by the parasite . i spent a few there before i was just to be safe and monitor any of danger . i t mind it felt good to get all i as a final good to go was the lab from the parasite . the day they came in i had been notified early in the morning i had been dressed and waiting on my . i had been tying my shoe when the doctor came in . she had been holding a small packet of when she spoke the are in and i m glad to say it tested negative for all clinical . other than a nasty experience you be just fine from here on out . i as i shook her hand eager to know anything i could . any idea what it was doc ? her face to light up a bit as she spoke i actually came to talk to you about that it we on a new type of parasite . when we tested this particular female specimen for relation to family we found a surprising connection to that of or as you may know it the cockroach . it you on one of its lesser known . although i was glad to finally know what it was there was something about it that made me feel uneasy . so just to make sure i be right doc ? there s nothing i should be on the lookout for right ? she for a moment to think although she t seem particularly worried . well you got the whole thing out and it tested negative for any possible concerning . i can assure you even if there was a little part of it left it was to die eventually from the moment you it and cut its head off in your apartment . while it s a fact it s normal roach relative can live without a head like this one it too will die and leave nothing behind . i assure you there s no need to worry you be fine . with a shaky smile i her and off . all the while something about that roach part kept eating away at my mind . i t have too much time to dwell on it news had gotten around that i had been let go . since had been a bit we had on getting a and some and heading back to my place . when we got there we spent the rest of the evening retelling to our who t gone . we told them all about the giant in the bar scene in bangkok beth throwing up on some poor girl after one too many . i had finished up my and had begun working my way through my when jeff talking about the monkey and made me laugh so hard shake came out of my nose . i myself to get a towel to clean up my mess and the nosebleed that . as i made my way to the back from the kitchen with my i the talking slowly taper off . everyone had been staring at something sitting on the table . what s the matter i said with a laugh you never seen milk come out of a nose before ? my across their pale as met my . sam i m . . . he off looking as if he saw a ghost . as my saw the pile of red and white on the counter i why . there in the bloody slush were of tiny black swimming frantically . as my body went cold and my heart turned to ice i felt a gentle throb of pain from the back of my head . one unread ? yes no well howdy there ally ! first of all ! you have been selected to lead dorm at camp ! your salary of will be into your bank account number password the you provided on your registration form after the week long camp finished . you ' be working from june june . if this schedule ' t fit your time frame please specify when does in your response to this . now before you come here there are a few handy you ' need to follow . failure to follow these could in a withdrawal of salary expulsion from camp site or death ! for camp you have seven which you are responsible for over the duration of this camp . upon yourself please make sure to learn their ! at camp we want all our to feel comfortable . however if one of you as joey please make sure to alert a full time employee as soon as possible ! full time wear neon and are usually easy to spot . it ' s important that get a good night ' s sleep ! bedtime is at nine o ' clock sharp and i do mean sharp . we ' t responsible to what to anyone who ' s not in their dorm by then ! also make sure to lock the bathroom and the under the third on the left each night . you ' soon meet the other dorm . due to privacy we can ' t disclose their yet but we can assure you that we do not and have only once employed a leader by the name of . if you meet a leader by the name of please don ' t engage in conversation and kindly alert a full time employee . was joey ' s sister . our happy little love to swim ! however they must be wearing an orange life vest and the sun must be up ! if you ever spot a swimmer wearing a green life vest please calmly direct your group out of the water . if you see a swimmer with a black life vest don ' t bother being calm . if a camper ' s boat is rocking while they are out on the lake do not attempt to rescue them . alert a full time employee immediately and take the rest of your group away from the area . it ' s best if they don ' t see . tapping on and at night is common and it ' s often simply a branch . if you feel the need to investigate please check an clock or digital alarm to make sure that it is not . do not check your phone . if it is this time remain in your bed and preferably pull the over your head . dorm is our final dorm . if you meet a group of people that they are from a dorm number higher than this please direct them to a camp leader . if however the say they are from dorm immediately walk away . don ' t listen to the whispering in your ear and if someone taps your shoulder do not turn around . the cafeteria food at camp is to a very high standard and we have three lovely on duty and . we do not have a chef by the name of and any food which is by him should be thrown into the bin as soon as possible . make sure that he ' t see it though he . many former have left their on the tree by either carving or writing their into it ! the tree is in the of our pavilion . if you see scratch dripping with blood or into the tree please notify one of the full time . under no may climb the tree they may fall and kill or worse . if a camper to run away from their group alert a full time employee . you may attempt to chase them but do not follow them a over the lake b across the cornfield or c through the . thank you for taking the time to read our ! please sign below if you would like to remain a camp leader please read the and attached below and select yes below . yes to see you soon ! leader " what ' s that ? " my as she up behind me her muffled by the mouthful of she ' s just bitten . " some weird e mail . and ' t that pizza mine ? " i saw my nose at the wet of my sister ' s . anna over my shoulder her eating unfortunately close to my ear . " . . . " she say absentmindedly her brow as she on . " it ' s so weird ' t it ? " i say laughing off the uneasy feeling that ' s settled in the pit of my stomach . " i think you should do it . " i whip my head around to face anna to look her in the and make sure she ' t been possessed or something . " you ' re not serious . it ' s obviously a scam i never up for this . " anna away uncomfortable under my gaze . " ally . . . you know we ' been struggling with the rent . landlord raised it again . and . . . well sally ' s dad caught us . " sally was anna ' s . they ' d met at work and had been dating for a few before sally decided to tell anna that her dad was not only but was to be manager of the clothes store where they both their pay . when sally ' s father had gotten the job anna had me that the p in now stood for private . " you ' re . " a small shake of her head my . " you said you would keep a lid on it at work ! and really ? after the of living go up ? there ' s no way we ' be able to afford to keep this flat now ! " as dingy as our small two bedroom flat was it was all anna and i had . after we ' d year twelve our had basically us out and we ' d had to scramble to get this close to our university . losing this apartment would be disastrous . anna sheepishly at the ground . " i know i know . i thought i ' d locked the door ! but it ' s fine ally ! all you have to do is look after some whiny for a week and we have rent for the rest of the month plus a lot left over ! " i shake my head . anna ' t just leave this for me to fix not this time . " just go anna . this ' t my problem to resolve . " i watch her sadly leave the room . sitting back down at the computer i reread the e mail . anger in me that a stupid scam like this is causing with me and my only sister . " nothing but a scam . " i mutter down the lid of my . looking out the grimy window i that night is beginning to fall . i may as well get some sleep i ' finished all of my and there ' s no point awake just to brood . a rustling noise in my room wakes me up and i instinctively grab my phone and turn on the torch . i shine it around my room until i see something in the computer by the desk . a shape is in the corner tapping away at the . i can ' t quite suppress the scream in time and its head snaps towards me revealing shining blue . " anna ? ! " i yell incredulously . she sheepishly and out of the room leaving the door open a sliver . i get out of bed to shut it rolling my at my sister ' s odd behaviour . she ' s left the computer lid open too so i go over to shut it . and that ' s when i saw it . the e mail from open . there ' s one difference though . it ' s been ticked " yes ' and there ' s a new e mail from leader . my was a paranormal debunker he never to be an investigator he always said there s nothing to investigate only to prove wrong . he was never a believer to shame for those of you who t aware was quite the skeptic . he knew how to explain every bump in the night or strange shadow in . was in to maybe even of and throughout his career . some people were genuinely of their and falling while to test his . he was always able to prove to the that the way their sloped for the to slam if the were open or that their were hung in just and eventually the would slip . even the people who tried to fool him never he found their hidden or false and in more modern times quite the expert . whenever i of a monster under the bed or in the closet i would call and he would explain to me why i had no need to worry . he was my comfort and soon i was doing some work with him keeping me in high school . as a college student it was great as he was able to make it an internship for me and i got elective following him into and learning his craft . while i t intend to take over the family business or anything i was very of the time i spent with him . he t take me on all of his though as i had other . there is one trip in particular i cannot decide whether i regret not being there or am glad i this is the one i want to share with you . i t know about fort wood lane until after was there . i don t think i ever would have if he t meticulously written for each of his and if this one t been so well . i was cleaning out his rented office space last night myself in work to avoid my grief . about a week ago had in a rather strange and sudden manner . a month ago his doctor discovered a mass in his thyroid cancer i guess and it had begun to metastasize in both his brain and . usually thyroid cancer can be caught early and is very treatable so this came as a shock . however even the best have their and this was . he for only a short while passing a few after the discovery . he chose not to treat it for what i assumed to be his honor and desire to go on his own . now though i am not too sure that s the case he may have known treatment would be futile . as i said i was cleaning out his office when i found the envelope . unassuming and untitled it sat in the bottom of the desk s top drawer almost to be . i think it was the lack of that made me open it though everything else was and titled and this envelope any of . inside i found just a few of lined paper not unlike any of his other and . however this being separate i knew it had to be important . in his classic half cursive handwriting was one of his more recent . his were usually quick more note like than story like as typically he could just say hearing security camera were hacked or mice in the causing the horrid screeching along with quick of the but this was again different . fort wood lane this house should be condemned and left to rot . not a soul here it is the work of something i spent my whole life . but i can t deny this not . many have it but there s not a chance in heaven nor hell that this is some kind of fraud . i saw here which i cannot explain . and this is the place that will get me i know it . immediately i was thrown off this was very uncharacteristic . was never dramatic and i had never him speak of fort wood lane the date was just over a month ago so it had to be recent . i had seen him so many times since then and not once did he mention it . . me a strange figure roaming around at night . she tried to deal with it but her husband was often away for business and with a new baby she had the right to be . i immediately thought it was an intruder and was determined to do what i could to help . as i can only imagine what would happen to a young woman home alone at night . i on night and she on with me and the baby . her husband was across the country on business and this was confirmed by location credible and . i my usual but not a false door nor loose window was to be found . we settled into the master bedroom for the night baby asleep in her arms while . and i sat up waiting . it came every night as she told me so it t take long for me to notice something . it as a soft sound of up and down the hall outside the closed door as if . not the of a man in boots but rather a soft pitter patter of a light footed woman . strange as she told me it was a man in the house . after a while the noise then up again this time coming from the master bathroom . . and i have to admit i was since as far as i was aware this room was only accessible via a door in the room we were in . how could travel from the hall to the bathroom without passing us ? it s starting she told me and despite the dim light i could see the fear in her and the color drained from her face . i assured her i would catch the bastard it was cruel to terrorize a woman like this . don t go in there she said this time with a tremble in her voice even the best t fake . i never it dead on i just know something bad will happen if you antagonize it . i you here to prove i m not crazy but i don t need you to get rid of it . i move we can go . i just you to believe me . please let s go . i can t say she t warn me . it be miss i promise . i just want to take a look . whoever s in there can t hurt me and you won t have to move . just let me scare him off i headed towards the bathroom and flung open the door reaching for the light switch . i it finding no light came on . i tried again up and down it t working . i backed up into the bedroom and tried that switch it worked fine . i t seen this before i had checked and the breaker for the bath also the bedroom . the bastard must have broken the bulb . without a second thought i into the room taking a few forward before feeling a rush of air and hearing the door slam behind me . i could hear . screaming and the baby to cry . normally fearless in these i was to feel the creeping up my spine and a slight tremble in my . taking a deep breath i took another step but was stopped immediately by a rough force . stumbling backward i around trying to adjust to the dark . moonlight was filtering in through the slim window above the shower tile and i could make out the of the room . however standing in the bathtub was something that t been there before . it was a detached tub so it t be a shower curtain or anything and there was no chandelier or on that wall . the figure was in the shape of a man but bigger than any man i d seen . i stood probably eight tall but incredibly slim . it may have been even taller as i made out what like a top hat its head . my blood ran cold as i knew this was no trick . the thing to step towards me and i tried to scream as it for my throat . nothing came out and instead i felt the thing sink its hand into my skin . it was impossible it had to be but i could feel the weight of its hand sinking in and crushing my windpipe . i fought and but it did nothing . i only because it let me go its grip and slowly walking back to the tub before altogether . i through the door back to . her hand and telling her we had to go . i t look back t bother with any i just knew we had to go . i had been and i was not about to with something so powerful . we ran out the door and i her into my van before we drove off . i don t know what we that night but i know it let me go on purpose . it to be known me to tell people what that night . i spent my life trying to convince people it t exist so it is only just that it to show me how very real it is . and it me . the might say it was cancer but i was completely healthy before that night . when that thing for my throat i think it infected my very being some poison in my to make sure i would know exactly how powerful it is . the tumor in my neck odd growing out of it something the had never seen before . i told them i had no idea what it could be but i know it is the thing s handprint the mass is exactly where i felt its horrible hand enter me . it left me alive just long enough to understand what it did and for the fear to fester . but i refuse to speak of it to let my think they can stop it from killing me . now all i can do is hide it from them make sure no one ever goes back to that house and such . if anyone this know with my full and honor that what i experienced that night was real and believe me when i say don t ever think that we are alone for a second in this world storm was brewing . the raging high amongst themselves urging us to listen . but captain ' s were blinded by his greed . that damn . . . he cursed under his breath as he watched the ropes by the side of our ship . they ' re onto us . they know what ' s out there too . someone ' s a . i . perhaps . they also could found about it some other way . captain spat on the floor . . i ' be damned if they ' reach the site before us . " " they only got a few lead on us . " i said taking out the map . " we ' beat them . " cursed once more under his breath and after taking a copious sip out of some murky bottle he always carried dragged himself closer to where i had unfolded the map . " we go this route . " he down with his finger . " that ' s . . . ' s reef . we can ' t go through there . " i . a pen and slashed at the map . " we go through here . set the course and inform the men . " i shook my head . " no . " ' s beady with burning ire . " i ' m not going to let that sand coon get away with my bounty . " " there to be another way ! " i . but captain would have none of that . he turned around and raised his up in the air as if trying to ward off some evil spirit surrounding him . " fifteen ! fifteen ! we ' sailed together for so many and luck ' s finally on our side . " i stood there in silence watching spiral down into his personal madness . " all these ! what have we to show ? just failure after failure at the hand of that and his crew of ! i won ' t let him take this away from me . not again . " he pointing at me with his finger . i took a step back . " it ' s just too " he his hand down to the map he ' d just . " we go through ' s reef . tell the men . " he then the map and threw it to me . i took it in silence and slid out of the room . " ' s reef ? ! been drinking ? ! " one of the men once i had posted the map chart . " it ' s the route to the site . the sunken ship ' s supposed to be somewhere around this area . but the ' s ahead of us . we got to do something if we want to beat them to the bounty . " i to the men . they and among themselves . some inspired while in their tattered . " no one ' s made it out of ' s reef " another crewman . " we ' have to be the first . i trust you all know what to do . " i . a hearty " aye " throughout the mess hall . yet i could feel the dread being built over our . we all knew we were trapped deep within the thrashing and our penance the mad of captain . " now off to work you ! " i . a chorus of and to my jab but off they went . of different and sizes scattered along the and of the vessel . i stood there watching them leave thankful that i ' d been able to convince them to follow the of a deranged drunkard . for the first couple of we fought against the struggling against the counter current of the reef . i a couple of men howl out something about and how sea might live inside them . i thought nothing of it mere told by foolish to feed their . suddenly our sighter to wave and scream from his post on the mast . " ship ! ship ahead ! " he . i took out my telescope and to where he was pointing . came to my side squinting his trying to make out the object . " ? " he . it was a ship one that had seen better days . the rescue boat was missing as well as what to be the upper half of its crane . the navigation blinked three three three . " s . o . s . " i whispered . grew more . " what is it man ? ! " of serrated laid on the stern and gangway . they all to be random indiscriminate as if someone or something had tried to graze the ship with some sort of tool . this massive tool however would have to be as strong as steel for it to leave such on the ship . at last a glimpse of the signet flag confirmed the identity of the vessel . " it ' s . . . it ' s the . " i said . an overwhelming silence the entire crew as i handed the telescope to . " that fool . " he whispered to himself gaping at the wreckage . " it ' s in a pretty bad shape . i don ' t think they ' be able to stay afloat with those gashes on the hull . " i . kept his eye glued to the telescope . " what could ' done so much damage to it ? the ? " " can ' t rip off a crane . we would ' also felt them cutting through our own hull . engine failure most likely . perhaps some mechanical flaw on the ship itself . " i said pointing at the back of the . the telescope and brought his hand up to the stubble of hair he a beard . " damn it what the hell were you thinking ? " i felt the need to quip our captain about how was as blinded by greed as he was but myself . " should we go back ? " back at the slab of steel as it swayed over the skirmish of . " we . . . can ' t just leave them there . " he said . the rest of the crew at each other . some of the men spewing old sailor to ward off evil of the sea . i always thought of them as humbug and ridiculous . but on that night my heart found some solace in them . i shook my head . " we ' got their . i think we should let the coast " " there won ' t find a thing left afloat once they reach this location . " said . i back at the . was right . the kept pushing biting into the hull with an almost animalistic ferocity . " i don ' t think it ' d be wise to go any closer . we ' no clue of what they . for all we know we could be heading towards the same fate . " i said . past me and heading towards his cabin . he then up into the sky . " maybe you ' re right . it ' be easier to explain to their that we preferred to do nothing when we found them adrift . " he said . by now ' d become an adept at knowing where to punch through my armor . not that the sea breeze had made me but we had so many times over the it almost felt like he sometimes knew me better than i knew myself . i my teeth . " we could try to reach them by radio . " " get to it . " captain said as he into his cabin . the rest of the crew wondering what we ' d do next . a couple of them to resume their rattling their and looking above into the sky . the however got no reply from any deity just storm beginning to loom over the horizon . i stepped into the room . " any luck ? " shook his head . " none sir . " he to fiddle with he and of the giant device in front of him . " it ' s static . every channel i ' tried to use with them is with hash . i can barely hear anything at all . " " ! this is the intrepid . over . " said through the furious hum of interference . " what about morse ? " i said . . " same result . " suddenly a jarring flurry of us . " . . . " i as i the intercom module . " sir you got to come to get up here . " said . " what is it ? ship ' s moving ? " i . " negative sir . there ' s something below the . something big . " . i over at . " keep trying . let me know if you make any progress . " three of later i was standing inside the navigation room . the motion of the ship swayed me to the nearest window where my body gave me no choice but to look out into the . nothing in my life as a sailor could ' prepared me for it . there dancing freely across the of metal were of the most decrepit black . they through the rubble with the prowess of the most experimented . some back over at us back here at the intrepid . they waved as if they were familiar with each and every one of us . i froze in place . they then a horrendous tune one filled with a landslide of gibberish the sort of you ' d on the of . i made an effort to understand craft some order out of those . but only chaos and horror on that accursed ship . a jerk on my arm disconnected me from that turpid reality and flung me back into my own . i stood once again on the intrepid my trying to clutch the window in front of me and a puzzled standing by my side . " are you sir ? " said . i ran my hand across my face . " i ' m fine . just zoned out a second . " " some of the men are about that too . " he said with a shrug . " you said you had something to show me ? " i said . stepped inside the room and pointed at a cluster of radar . " it ' s right under their ship . at least a hundred or two hundred in length . " i the and for the radar to paint the of the water below us . a strident came illuminating the canvas with a wave of green . a mass about the size of what had laid on a plateau of sand just below the wreckage of the . what is that ? i said as i inched my face towards the screen . to freeze a monstrous shaped anomaly outlined by the green wave of the radar . he then a couple of and after with some coloration finally displayed a tridimensional figure . like some sort of blob . said . could be a cargo unit . could the have it and tried to interact with it somehow ? . most likely . last time i checked their equipment was on par with ours . if their gear was working they should caught a glimpse of it on their radar . what s that thing sticking out to the side ? i as i pointed towards the left side of the sunken box . squinted his . . hard to tell from the image reconstruction could be anything . an antenna debris even wreckage from the itself . we need a visual . a voice behind me . we turned around and found gazing out at the . he then produced his bottle of whiskey and took in a mouthful . he ended his usual ritual by screeching away at the sting of the hard liquor . " where ' s the crew ? " he pointing out at the vessel . " they all fell overboard ? " we both out at the ship . the i ' d seen where no longer there they ' d been substituted my mute steel and empty . we out there for a couple of but there was no sign of life anywhere . " the storm won ' t let us do a proper dive . " i . " are never ideal . but we need to know what ' s under the . " . and i . had it ? had he finally lost it ? i my throat and . " we could do a recon dive . before the storm fully . " a dash of lightning sailed across the black sky . a couple later the crackling of thunder throughout the ship . " get to it then . " . i sprung into action . through constant and four were geared up for submersion . being the dive master in the crew i was to join them . " what ' s under there ? " one of the divers nervously . " did the crew really all drown ? " " like their broke . so we really don ' t know what ' s going on over there . " i said as i my diving helmet . " it ' s a damn ghost ship . " another one cried . " said he ' d seen black across the . " i until the men had their helmet and turned on their before . " would do well to keep his mouth shut and so should you . we don ' t need to scare nobody with them ghost tales . " silence in our radio link . some of them at my but i felt they had to be said . the last thing we right now was a crew afraid of their own damn shadow . i was the first one to jump in . the water to my sides and i immediately felt the pull of the and thrashing against each other . to my relief i to my sides and found the men actually beside me into the . i turned on my head lamp and towards the sight . " should be a couple of away from here . " i said over the . the men and we through . we ' t expect to see any wildlife on the sea floor but the landscape was unnaturally barren . there were no no fish and thankfully no from ' s . i abruptly once i saw what to be the torn steel line . i raised my hand and my team stopped looking around nervously as they for further . " intrepid . this is over . " " intrepid here . what ' s going on ? over . " . " we found the line of the ' s crane . we ' re moving further to the site . how close are we ? over . " " according to " you ' re close . you should be seeing the outline of the giant box we saw at the room over . " the men and i around . although the sea is always a bit dark the water felt different tonight as if a diabolical dark circled around us . " i can ' t see . over . " i . the water in front of us to move rippling about strangely as if some invisible fish was passing by . some of the thick darkness was away and up just enough for us to see a familiar sheen one that ' s unmistakable no matter how deep you dive . gold . over of gold were piled up over each other . i figured the giant blob we saw on the room was just the in front of us piled as far as the eye can see . " gold ! it ' s gold ! " the men through their as they the . ' s voice in . " what ' s down there ? ! " " our bounty . " i . " i think we ' re going to need a bigger ship . " " splendid ! " said with a twist of delight trailing his . " bring as much as you can " the transmission was cut off abruptly by what i can only describe as a dreadful horrid roar from the very of the ocean . the men who had been stuffing their with stopped dead in their . in a flash of of infinite black pierced the shifting sand under our . the black upward with unbridled velocity and whoever got in their way . my men were helpless . i backed away slowly . somewhere in the shifting i but my way back up . then came another sickening roar across the amalgam of crimson and black . " hello ? anyone ! this is ? " i said . a chorus of and guttural came over from my former ' s as i swam feverishly towards the intrepid . as i back the gold and the obsidian were gone by blood and murk . that ' s when i saw it a sized creature slithering under the sand we had stood on ago . the coming from the a distorted mess of and . no man could ever make acoustic that were simply not meant to be by our blasted away into the vast and dark ocean . i my module and made my way back up to the surface not at all if i a lung doing so . the creature rapidly across the sand waving about its colossal body . despite its scale my could not distinguish any other from it just the sheer magnitude of its size to my own or the above us . i back on board grasping at the of the lifting me out of the water . " we have to go ! " i . " right now ! " most of them a confused look in their a complete obliviousness to what had under their very . " set sail you . " at the men . came running along both to have aged in mere . whatever was left of their skin from their . had i not been in complete disarray i could ' sworn they wore at least double the they did before my wretched dive session . some of the men . " but the " met them with mute fury . his scowl sprung the men into action . soon we were out of the reef making sure to make as much distance as possible between us and the . " what . . . did you find down there ? " finally as i took off my diving gear . " hell . " was the only word i to say that day . " aye . so we . " he . we never spoke about it again . but from that day onward grew quieter . he drank more and even though he the intrepid for ten more i believe whatever he kept from that expedition his mind for the rest of his days . at least that ' s what i choose to believe in order to explain how one night out of the blue he threw himself overboard and . went a less dramatic route . he chose to himself from his bathroom on some miserable stall at one of those cheap or so i read on the local newspaper . he ' t leave a note or anything that could ' point into a clue of why he did it . but i knew why . both and kept listening to that blasphemous being down there long after i had my module . as to what they neither or ever told a soul . yet what i do know is that whatever we woke that day ' t meant to tread upon this earth . perhaps this story as the best warning . there ' s no need for foolish men to go poking about what ' s hidden within the dark of the earth . for i can feel it in my very being me calling me back into those godless . the only thing that me going is the untold promise that perhaps one day i could be rid of its influence . that with a little luck and a little hope i won ' t have to take the route and did . sadly after writing all of this down and on it i can ' t help but to feel . i ' m afraid whatever we found down there is still with me and corrupting every last bit of my sane mind . and it just won ' t let chhitchhiking back to canada took longer than i thought it would . i had to try to walk . but at least as a ghost i no longer food or sleep . i also was not cold warm or even physically tired but boy was i board . i along the highway making my way through the desert . after a little trial and error i found that i could hitch a ride on any car long enough for me to form a connection . this in me being stuck in a trunk for a few to to montana . i hung around national park searching all of the from all over the country and the world . it ' t take me long to find a family heading to . i found a van anyway . the white had so i knew it would at least get me across the border . but clearly the family was at the local hotel . in the car there were and even a few coloring and the junk pile of happy . " i bet all the good stuff ' s in the hotel room . " and other i never had as a . my spectral form across the i made myself comfortable staring up at the ceiling . there was an elaborate display of glow in the dark star stickers a whole separate world within the of the family vehicle . for the i ' m sure it was a of keeping quiet and maybe even relaxed on long road . but to me the hope . no matter how many times a soul is reborn we will always find comfort and wisdom in looking at the . i until the light of the morning in the of . " i don ' t go ! " " i ' m tired ! " " i ' m hungry ! " " i don ' t go in the car seat ! " i watched as the two small were strapped into their car while an older teenage boy sat in the row in front . " what do you want to watch ? " he before the first in the pile . it was " " the cartoon about the princess . i always that one it to be the best would ever get to a first nation princess . i guess that was why i to be the hero of my own life . later we in . i from the that they were almost home so i made sure to make my exit when the vehicle stopped at a gas station . i was in canada i was home . now how the hell was i going to find fish ? if this was a movie from the i ' d head to the nearest phone booth and start through the massive directory book . but since this was the age of the i would need to try my luck with a public computer . looking around for i could see there was a library not too far from where i was . it was not to difficult to find even as the sun went down . i through the of the closed library like a typical ghost . " what was i made of ? " i the security sensor by the door to see if my presence would set off any . nothing oh well . i a counter which a typical . i my hand to the power button with of fish . where did he live ? where did he work ? where did he sleep ? i could picture everything i to do to him make him live through every painful moment . maybe i could possess a knife or even reach my ghostly hand inside of his body cavity and rip out his piece by piece . i felt a rush of energy and then a loud explosion . bang ! " oh . " by the sparks and smoke i to have blown up the machine only my rage . lesson learned i to maintain better control . " moving to the next computer . " i could feel a steady flow of electric power wash over me as i the start button on the tower . " think happy think happy " i said out loud to find a happy thought to focus on . " happiness joy love um . . . childhood ? " what did i like about my childhood ? " school . . . " without touching the keyboard i to turn on the screen and navigate to . how common of a name was fish ? " search fish " i said out loud . the computer filled in the request bar to my will . and then i fish was the father of a former judge the very judge who sent my uncle to jail . could i focus on that ? " search deceased with the last name " fish . ' " returned an answer judge sophia fish ryder . apparently fish had lost a daughter and a very successful one at that . her memorial page was covered in graduation high school college various law school and of course getting sworn in as a judge . her husband and were by her side she had a family fish ' s family . jordan fish ryder a sophomore at a boarding school in boston and little . was only nine old and still went to school in state . part of me if she went to the same school as i did but of course not . she went to a posh k private school in the most beautiful part of northern canada . i would find her and i would follow her home . " power down " i said out loud as i my hand backward . under the light of the moon i took a walk . the world to be frozen over like an arctic wasteland . i had no idea if i was even going the right way . by the light of the moon i could hear the wind but it odd . instead of a soft whisper it was like a chorus of . " you really think you can do this little girl ? " " she ' s young of course she does . " the was by laughter so much laughter . " what ' s your problem ! " i at the starry night sky . " you actually think you can find peace ? " one star in the sky . " i ' m looking for justice " i . " justice ? " that got a lot more laughter . " screw you all ! i can do this all on my own ! " suddenly a single beam of light to cut across the sky like a shooting star . " come on ladies we ' re better than this . " the voice was . " thanks " i said from my . " i ' m what ' s your name ? " i if she was one of the of the highway of a place infamous for its history of missing of various and . the sky went dark as the shooting star itself straight at a lamppost . the lamp to shimmer for a moment before going dark again . i was actually a little when suddenly a girl stepped out from the . " hi i ' m . " in her ghost form was small like me but she wore a recognizable military uniform . her were covered in dust . yet her black hair back in a military bun her sweet smile . out her hand leaning forward with a slight bow . " where are you headed ? " i had been frozen in place but hearing her kind friendly voice me to fully relax . " up north to st . unity prep school . " " i can walk with you for a while maybe show you the way . " " thanks " i said finally shaking her hand . " i ' d like that . it ' s been a while since i had a friend . " " same here . " we like childhood skipping with the occasional . " so where are you from ? " " " said as she pretended to walk along the sidewalk ledge like a balance beam ending with a . " wow so you ' re from around st . ? " i feeling happier than i had in a while . " st . county . " " that ' s the place with the arch right ? that must have been so cool ! " " yeah i guess but after seeing it all your life it just like any other tourist trap . " made a small jump on to a new ledge . " probably why i where i did . " " you in combat ? " that to be the logical answer . she seventeen maybe eighteen old . it was not out of the realm of possibility for her to have gotten immediately after basic training . " " she said with a shrug . " i was at odds with a very powerful man in my chain of command . i stood my ground fought with everything i had but in the end i lost . " " you lost ? " " i was . " took a breath . clearly she was able to control her ghost energy better then i was . " it was a while ago . " she to skip and even did a spin on one foot . " the army covered up everything . they told my family it was a suicide . " ' s body with energy . " i ' m so sorry . " i for her hand to siphon away some of the negative energy . " they told my poor father that somehow i put an ak in my mouth . and i did this while naked during the one time of day my would not be in . " took my hand and we both sat for a moment . " they shipped my body home with glued to my so no autopsy could be done to prove or disprove gunshot residue . " " the powerful people assumed your family would just move on . " " the us army my daddy . " my hand dark purple energy . i easily absorbed the anger and trauma but with it came . ' s had to fight for every piece of evidence every " classified " document name and image . " are your still fighting the military ? " yeah it ' s been over ten but i know my daddy will keep fighting until his last breath . i guess that ' s why i ' m still here . " " in northern canada ? " that got a laugh . " in the in between " . " i can ' t get to heaven hell or even be reborn . but when my dad does take his last breath i ' be at his side . maybe i ' even get to walk with him to the light . " my glowing with cold blue energy . " sorry " said gripping my hand . " blue energy sadness . i apologize for a sore subject . " i but i was not ready to talk to her about my relationship with my dad . that would only result in more blue energy until my spirit was too frozen to move . " do you know the joke about hell ? " " i know a few what ' s yours ? " " a tribal leader is about to be burned to death by the army . the executioner if he ' d like to accept for a chance at heaven . but the tribal leader " does your kind go to heaven ? " the with a tall stance " of course ! " well in that case i think i ' take my in hell . " doubled over with laughter . " oh god that is so true ! i have no doubt that my killer is going to die peacefully surrounded by family maybe even a priest offering him absolution . " she went from laughter to slight . " maybe then he ' confess his and my family can finally have some closure . but that ' s my cross to bear . " she down at her then up at an elaborate gate . " anyway we ' re here . best of luck . " thank you . " hanging out with the validity of my plan . the system was against us protecting the big strong men who took our . only when the overly important admit to their could we the hope to move on . i stayed outside the gate watching the sunrise . by the first light of morning the to arrive dropping their off at the security . i just had to wait for the name . " ryder in fish ryder ? " he ' t get out of the car but the guard the name into his tablet . " bye daddy ! " a fashionable fourth grader with her mother ' s ebony black hair and perfectly school uniform . the security was strong i imagine that had i not been a ghost stalking any of the would ' proved difficult . i her throughout the day living a life that i could only dream of . she went to class with the same teacher for the majority of the day . at lunch she sat with her eating from a shimmery metallic lunch box . " you painted that yourself ' t you " i said out loud . froze . she around for a moment before . knowing there was the possibility she could hear me i kept quiet for the rest of the day . lunch was by art science and computer . she had after school violin for a few . it was mostly her around with . she could play along with various pop in various . it was actually kind of impressive . after the lesson outside waiting in the cold with her in listening to music on a small that older than her . in less than a minute she was picked up by her nanny . the elderly woman open the door to what i assumed was ryder ' s posh jeep . she ' s as she took a seat and when they were settled she on the driver ' s side window to signal the chauffeur . i the back of the vehicle my energy to create a firm hold as i rode on the bumper . the fish ryder family lived in a quiet cabin a few away in a rather unique beautiful gated community . i through the door to the sight of a family home . there was a kitchen a living room even a fireplace . and so many . the were covered in school even professional of a happy family . was this even the home of fish ? and then i spotted a single photo . it was him taking his grand ice fishing . " bastard . " " are you talking about my grandpa ? " before i could reply the photo and headed upstairs . somehow i guess she knew i would follow . ' s second floor room was a museum of pop culture from the latest to teen and even a camera set up . " do you have a channel ? " my question went unanswered as she powered up her . " um hello ? " " i ' be the one to ask the . if you don ' t mind " sounding much older than her . " i ' m just going to assume you won ' t show up on film so if you please will you do something for the camera to prove your existence ? " " for your ? " i at the camera which was footage directly to the hard drive of the . " are you some kind of amateur ghost ? " i the photo back from where she had it face down on her desk lifting it to the level of the camera . " so what do you want with my grandpa ? " she like a reporter . on the screen i could see what to be a floating framed picture . it was actually kind of adorable . " did he run you off the road ? " those were not i from a nine year old . " is that something he does a lot ? " all do it . " " your grandpa told you that ? " " . grandpa told me that your kind are like wild game if responsible ' t thin the herd you ' d drain our nation ' s dry . that ' s why you all have like running horse or jane rabbit . " " you can ' t honestly believe that . " just how many people had fish ? " my grandpa no reason to lie . " i on the screen watching the photo floating gently in the air . i knew i to keep my cool . a show that ' s all it was . i on the door both the and the key lock . " be a dear and contact your grandpa . " " how ? " she sweetly keeping in character . " how should i contact my grandpa ? " knowing to capture another trick for the camera i on her phone . i easily the small from the bed making it land in her lap . " you can call your grandpa or attempt to call for help either one works for me . " only the phone on her desk . apparently i to be a little more forceful . i closer my hand to her neck . as my ghost hand right through . yet as i my fist i could feel i was gripping something . to cough and spit as she to breathe . seeing that she was turning blue i decided that i had made my point . she to the floor gripping her neck . " your kind my mother ! " crossed her arms over her stomach gripping her chest as she . " was nothing like grandpa she " black matter ' " red matter ' " all matter " or whatever . she said as a good catholic we to love our fellow man because everyone is someone ' s child and we ' re all equal in the of god ! she love and even would pick a fight with grandpa every chance she got ! " to breathe as she snot from her nose . " do you know what that got her ? a bullet in the head ! " " i know . " " you know ? " sat up . she her with her clean sleeve before looking me in the . " my father was there . " as she took a moment to digest that information . " so this is all some kind of daisy chain of revenge ? " " you could say that . but it with fish . " " i understand . " for her phone . she through her took a deep breath and . it rang only once . " hi papa . " " put the phone on speaker " i said my voice was not audible over the phone . and did as i . " where are you papa ? " " i ' m about twenty out " . " why do you ask sweetheart ? " " i was wondering if you could come to dinner " spoke in a sweet energetic voice . " i really miss you . " " i miss you too . what time should i try to be there ? " over at the clock it was already six at night . " seven or eight whatever ' s easier . " " i ' be there as soon as i can sweetheart . i love you . " " i love you too grandpa . " hung up the phone . " so what now ? are we going to just stay in here until he ? " " yeah that about right " i said with a nod . " you have a bathroom and if you don ' t have hidden around here you are truly a weird . " reaching directly behind her . she to be a leg of her desk but with the flick of her wrist a secret panel a single fun size candy bar . " what kind of did you hide in your room as a ? " " i was always partial for beef jerky or cheap off brand . " " the off always taste better " said with a smirk . as she picked up her phone i the lock screen it was her mother ' s college graduation picture . " you ' re really of her . " " there was a lot to be of . " ' s voice was soft filled with genuine emotion . it was clear she was a lost soul looking for guidance in the wake of her mother ' s death . we for a while and i finally got the chance to introduce myself . " your name is like the frog princess ? that ' s cool . " at around seven there was a knock at the door . " sweetie it ' s grandpa . why is your door locked ? " at me . " i ' m going to open the door . " i knowing fish my name . the tall older man wore his work clothes as if his semi truck was right in the front driveway . he took a look around the room . " who are you talking to sweetheart ? " without a second thought i fish in the chest as hard as i could . he doubled over in pain his body melting into my ghostly form . my hand was gripping something a bone maybe part of a lung ? certainly not a heart . took a step back . " i ' m sorry grandpa . " " you ' re sorry ? " he said with a laugh as blood from his mouth . i harder at whatever i had my on . " she ' s nothing like you . " your daughter sophia was an amazing person and i am truly sorry for her death . " was still smiling . " does your dead drug dealer daddy know how the police found your body ? does he know you sucking off that dirty cop ? " " jay is not . . . " i towards myself tearing my hand from his chest through his neck to his head . was still smiling like a psychopath as his body fell limp to the ground . was screaming she was in a corner with her to her chest . i down at my hand unable to fully comprehend what i was holding . it was a mass of gore off my on to the floor . as i stood up moving away from the body i could see identifiable . there was a trail of organ meat that was once his throat stomach and small . in my hand was his brain . i to laugh . " i did it jay . i took his head . " ' s father along with the cook and the nanny . that was when i a . it was an alarm from the . everyone turned to see the pop up " capture limit been . " the camera had been on the entire time . the next few days to rush by in a flurry of and . the police took the and the body . according to what they saw fish fell to the floor his head over and over until somehow his brain fell out of his skull . had been right i did not show up on film . the final footage made no sense . the girl was clearly talking to someone for over an hour before her white trash trucker grandpa . clearly he had a heart attack not uncommon for a man his age that was to be the cause of death . was given back her computer and went straight to her page . since the death had been an accident she was to post the footage the footage that ' t get her channel in trouble for mature or obscene content . she spoke to her about the mysterious first nation ghost . she ' t mention me by name only that i was one of many due to race age or gender . " as many of you know my was a judge " she said speaking into her . " when she all i knew was that someone with dark skin the most important person in my life . people around me just repeated that bad dark skinned people your mother bad dark skinned people are what ' s wrong with our society . but that ' s not the truth . when you lump all people into one group based on physical it ' t make us strong it us weak . we need to stand together to help one another to make this world a better place . one voice at a time . " up from her and from her . " now i just have to wait for this to render . " she around " are you there ? " i was about to speak when suddenly i was backward with a strong force . this was the end of my story . i was about to move on . if you read this i love you and i know you ' make your mother . hello . my name is . as of right this moment i ' m writing this in the hospital in a bed in a room at an unnecessary to disclose location . as of right now i have three broken a missing eye and a plate in my spine so i can walk . i don ' t know how to begin this other than that . just know that i am safe and that i am being taken care of . it ' s been a hell of a wild ride getting to this point however and i want to focus on that in this message i am writing to you . a long time ago and by that i mean two i underwent a surgery for an infection that i ' t know i had known as . it was sprung on me quickly and after three days of intense pain i went to the to try and get it fixed only to find that they would need to remove my eye as it was already too far gone " practically rotting in the socket ' as the doctor said . after that surgery i tried going without one for the time being . it ' s true what they say when you lose an eye you lose all depth perception alongside it . i ' t play darts pool anything at the local and i found myself running into i had no with before . even now as i type this i keep going back and as my fast speed been with spelling from the key to the right of it . this ' t like one eye and trying to do this is like losing half of what you can see and then forcing the other half to widen to adjust . i really don ' t know how else to write it . but i ' d take a lifetime of this over what i received across the event that . while undergoing a check up at the i was caught up to by a man to be important in the medical business . his name was . at least that ' s how he himself to me . he was taller than me more muscular with a hard to place accent and dark black hair . though he wore the of a medical professional he left the top button unbuttoned and i could see that he was wearing a tank top underneath . our conversation was rather plain save the end bit . he took me into a room of the building for a secondary exam apparently though i had never done so where he gave me a sort of pop quiz about how i felt now that i ' t able to see as well . i told him the truth . i told him that i had extreme and was barely getting any work done or any fun . so he gave me an alternative . he slipped me a business card that read " logic " that apparently on people like me . people who were poorly to lose or that were so prominent in a person ' s life . the next day i at the building listed on the back . it had a very weird warehouse feel despite clearly being a hospital in of itself i had to drive two to reach it and it run in a small town down a few . the inside were nice enough to give me so i never suspected anything . entering the building i was met with . and his assistant . they told me quite simply that i had qualified for an experimental surgery and not only would they not me with a medical bill that they would pay me to undergo it . big just to be a lab rat for in their own " a day at least ' . i know that the average person would say no . i mean i was being handed a contract in that moment that had all the legal that could root me down with something i ' t escape . but i made sure to read every word on that contract and it never said anything that would bring around of entrapment or dishonest marketing and so i ' t question it . i that dotted line with pride and . beamed with delight . . . . i lost consciousness straight afterwards . turns out one of . ' s had me and suddenly i was in surgery without my knowledge of even beginning it . when i did wake up i was on a hospital bed . the room was clean the blanket was soft and washed and i found myself to the feeling of where i was despite knowing what had to me . i got up walking over to the medical table finding a glass of water and two headache as well as a note from . himself . it read as ' hello ! sorry to do that to you i had to make sure you went under . as stated you were hand selected to undergo logic ' s very own death percentage experiment d . p . e . ! to begin your deposit already been transferred and the transaction was not . you are now . '' the d . p . e . is a very special experiment seeing how a human being will react under knowledge of their surroundings " . the in your left socket is especially to read and acknowledge the area around you and automatically update you when something is nearby that would cause damage to your mind body or soul . '' you may even see it now ! a small percentage block in the top left corner of your vision small enough that it will not disturb you if you are on something else . this percentage is a simple denominator of your current chance of being in the presence of something or someone that you dead . your in the face of a dangerous subject is where our research comes in . '' simply react accordingly with what you see . we wish to detail all that would associate with death and in doing so how that a person ' s daily life . '' we hope to hear from you soon ! . ' as you can see the note was rather helpful in explaining what i was to see . sure enough in a small blue box floating in a position that stayed completely stationary no matter where i the number " " in small white was present . i shut my sighing and watched from inside my own as the number to only reducing when i them again . blinking ' t cause that . only my for of time . walking around the room different . the number at zero when i lengthwise across the room but as i the window the number increasing at a snail ' s pace only reaching a maximum of when i my forehead against it . from there i could see that we were two up a drop from that position ' t kill me but would probably fracture my ankle on a shoddy landing . i suppose that ' s when i really thought about what was going on . the death percentage experiment was about showing me where true danger lay in the world . it ' t necessarily need to kill me it just to do damage to me just like . had said in his note . the next week was spent trying to get used to seeing it everywhere i went . even with one eye i was used to move while i around the blue box with the number ' t and quite honestly it was to focus on . when i did get used to it and actually from what i was getting back into my work and my . i had been given two of so my first day back to my job in the office was nice . it was nice up until i got into my car again for the first time in almost two and the percentage shot up to . i blinked . it was odd i thought to myself . i had never had on the road sure i ' t driven in a long time because of the missing eye but i ' d never thought i ' d be rusty . they say driving is like riding a bike after all . so i up my car trying to push it out of my head getting the camera to start without incident . as i out of my driveway the number to and i on the . there was no way the number was right or at least that ' s what i told myself . i just remember being . . . completely frozen trying to look at this number without actually being able to look at it . blinking ' t help and the number on my vision like a dead on a monitor always present always out of place . i ' t afford not to take my car was the thing . my job is a thirty minute walk away from my home and driving took me ten of those as it was . i was going to be late if i ' t go now and yet my stiffly on the steering wheel begging myself just to let it go . it was the phone call that shook me . it was my boss me where i was and if i was coming . i told him i could and when he me where i was i was too to explain that there was a blue number saying i had a to die if i drove to work that day of course that excuse would never fly so i made it up on the spot . i told him i was a bit frightened to drive . it had been two after all i ' t want to cause an accident . luckily my boss had always been really understanding so he told me to take as much time as i as long as i was able to come into work at some point that week . that ' s how i ended up walking to work . it took an hour and that was because of the same reason why i ' t drive as i was walking along the percentage number was going insane anywhere from to in a matter of especially while i was crossing the street . it it ' s peak at . that was when i past an alleyway and made eye contact with a chained up dog . i ran immediately in the opposite direction barely bumping into a very confused elderly gentleman who saw the same dog and his at it . i felt like a crazy person as i at my job . my boss actually met me at the door with a card and a handshake telling me that he was of me for being such a respectable example of how much work . i by looking him in the and opening my mouth to thank him . and immediately freezing when the number to . it was harrowing how quickly my respect for my boss turned to fear what was he keeping hidden from me ? why did the number change ? . . . see it ' t just him . as i to the elevator at the back of office i made contact with a few too . the receptionist ? . the man in cubicle l ? . the cute woman i talking to ? . everyone in that building had something against me . all of them to hurt me . and i don ' t know how to react to that . it came to a head when i the elevator . there was someone else in there the head of security officer who me with a head nod and a wave . i hit the button to go to floor my office ' s floor and travelled upwards to that floor with him . the number ticked up to which i shook off as just the elevator ' s rickety making it go haywire . then it to . then . i around wondering why it was going up until i turned around and saw officer standing there listening to music just staring at the back of my head . . the box turned red suddenly me to the sudden change . i took a shaky breath taking a panicked step backwards . there was no way . this was just a i told myself . nothing was wrong . officer the look taking an out . he me if something was wrong . the number raised to . so without any other idea of what to do i him straight . i him if he was going to hurt me . . officer ' s face to confusion just as it hit . he told me no . he told me no he ' t going to and that i was . what was i ? that ' s what i him . the number raised to and his confusion to a sudden smug smile . how did i know he me . . know what ? i him in reply . . that he was going to hurt me . . i ' t quick enough to hit the open button on the elevator . he threw himself at me strangling me holding me down with that were too strong for me to force open . i his from the side of his belt swinging outwards and smashing him across the jaw the number in my vision once again going haywire as i away from him and my hand on the emergency stop button . he me again me to the floor and my face against it . he was bigger than me than me he could ' me if he ' t making me suffer . the floor we stopped on had people on . that was good . what ' t good was that he ' t stop as i freed myself kicking him back and screaming for help . he my by the shirt six into my that i would soon learn upon impact . people did come to my assistance to give them credit . however the head of security was built the way you ' d expect he had more authority just by being a man . that ' s why he was able to push them off of him walking over to me and stamping hard on my back . instantly all feeling below my got . i ' t even hear the sound of something breaking it was like he ' d just hit an off switch . i felt him grab my neck again strangling me with all his might like he was trying to break my neck instead of choking me . luckily it was then that someone else took more intense action a heavy file from the cabinet and it on the crux of his nose . it took five people to hold him back and that ' t stop the barrage . instead of violence he hurling telling me that " i should ' never been born " and that i " ' t made for this town ' . i only sat there in silence watching him to yell at me taking every racial slur he used against me . i suppose i should ' . . . i ' m of descent . officer was pure bred white . we ' d worked together for . i would ' never have known he had this violence towards me or my family . shortly after the police i was being put on a stretcher to the hospital and they ran on me to see how they could try and repair me . what they did find should come as no surprise . the eyeball ? the one with the death percentage experiment ? turns out it was illegal . the people who made it had no permit to do so and had given it many illegal of equipment to make it work that way a lot of which the police back to black market trading . during the surgery that the plate into my back they also uninstalled the and the police are now holding it in custody . i don ' t miss it . being afraid was . . . not something i . everybody i meet a chance to be like officer had my to what my life is to and that what the most . the idea that i can ' t walk down the street without someone me and sizing me up for their next kill . perhaps it ' s better to be in unknown sometimes . but now the unknown just like there ' s a shark waiting in the . big bend national park . the sign my arrival in the familiar font of all official park service communication . the ranger s booth beyond it grew large as i . i to halt alongside the squat yellow hut and my . afternoon friend . the ranger me with a smile that barely to the of her mouth . i my head in response . entrance fee to this year she . we can take cash or charge . i fished my wallet from the on the seat next to me and handed her two . she returned a ten but kept of the bill as she handed it through the window . be safe out there . we locked and she fixed me with a meaningful glare that to say that she was more concerned with my behavior than my safety . and don t talk to the . she the change . i shook my head and the strange warning and drove on play on my phone . indeed listener it s best if you don t acknowledge these at all . the pronounced this final sentence of the program in a tone that he no doubt to convey solemn . cheesy music and a cheap howling wind sound effect the end of the episode . i with my phone tapping into a i d old news . the back at me . four that want to own me two that want to stone me one she s a friend of mine . . . the sound cut out . i with the auxiliary cord that connected my phone to my car and at the home screen . no service . i at the now useless brick for a moment before turning my attention back to the road in front of me . without my primary source of entertainment i through the radio to find something other than the breathless preaching that dominated the outside of the state s major population . i found only static . defeat i turned my focus from dashboard to get a proper look at my surroundings . tall yellow grass grew mysteriously from rocky soil that did not appear capable of supporting life . crooked all bent at impossible from the terrain . the scrubland dotted with cacti gave way to jagged that far into the horizon and foliage to grow with elevation . across the alien landscape tiny back and forth chasing some elusive prey on their impossibly fast little . or i to myself perhaps they were a coyote . my car as if i d hit a pothole . the explosion of across my windshield however that the bump had not been the result of a shortfall in the park s maintenance budget . i cursed aloud . the view had distracted me . i resolved to focus on the road rather than the environment there d be time enough to appreciate the majesty of nature during my hike . a nearby sign the lost mines trail my destination to be several further . after another eerily silent half an hour on the road i the . a smiling older couple each two walking sticks off the path as i into a nearby parking space . i collected my phone from the dashboard and my from the seat next to me along with my boots from the floor . stepping out of the car i my and the trunk . the older gentleman presumably husband to his partner around behind my car and me with a friendly wave as i sat to change my . like you have the trail to yourself this afternoon pal ! he his hand magnanimously at the empty parking around us . t see anyone else up there ? i on my dusty brown boots as he shook his head . nope just that old boot over there ! he toward his wife . i as if his joke had been funny and double knotted my . you have the most beautiful . the old woman by his gesture . you just don t see that color blue every day . i and her . you have a good evening now i said . shouldering on my i my hat low over my to keep what i now to be a blazing afternoon sun off of my face . the blue of the hat s brim now nearly half of my visual field and it the old as i waved . you too young fellah . i up to see the old man return the wave and stump back to his wife beside their prius . watching the gentleman labor to cross the mere of the parking lot i that he d been able to complete the trail ' s steep climb . maybe the couple had kept their walk short . in any event i set out toward the path . the first mile or so of lost mines proceeds mostly uphill . bristly flora frame the entire trail and the low make it easy to forget that the path through the middle of the desert and not somewhere more hospitable . as the trail s carve their way up the mountain every few hundred a clearing in the foliage a sweeping view of the surrounding landscape . i covered this first stretch in a little less than half an hour . to capture the scenery for a new computer background i in one of these in the foliage and out my phone . the vista proved hard to photograph though and my in only a single passable shot . i my phone back into my pocket and unscrewed my water bottle from the strap of my . i took in the scenery as i drank . a snuffling sound interrupted my commune with nature . my stomach and i spun my head in search of the noise . i m a big guy but i m hardly a match for the black that frequent this part of the park . i spotted it to the left . a coyote . i froze and watched the creature emerge from the . it had it s back to me and its head in one of the prickly off the trail . it continued snuffling around the foliage but its was it closer to me . i slowly screwed the top back onto my water bottle . t usually attack people . but in an emergency i could use the mostly full bottle to bludgeon the beast . the coyote raised its head and froze . it the air . slowly it turned to face me . i locked with it . the creature . . . wrong . i almost to have two one on top of the other . the deformity like a video game rendering error of the sort that a virtual plant disappear into a wall and come out the other side . like one snout had incorrectly inside the other and a tiny bit of the duplicate just the nose was poking through the coyote s face . i into the creature s wide dark for what felt like . its both of them as it the air . easy boy . i the to the creature in what i hoped to be a slow whisper . take it easy . the beast . i t move a muscle . then the coyote cocked its odd head to the side and quickly so quickly that i still question whether it had at all the coyote . behind me a branch snapped and i spun . finding nothing i turned quickly back to the creature . but it was gone . away no doubt by the noise . i was breathing heavily . far more heavily than my brief hike up the trail merited . it took a moment to collect myself . i d seen deformed before . with extra . deer with stubby little . this coyote was just an accident of birth the product of a twisted genome that had made it adulthood . surely t actually at me and even if it had it was an animal so it t have been communicating anything with the minor twitch . i carried on up the trail . but the image of the coyote and its bizarre double snout stayed with me . around mile . i another clearing . on the left hand side of the path this rest stop featured a bench from one of the sharp little . i briefly to tighten the on my boots and take a sip from my . as i screwed the cap back on movement from the corner of my eye caught my attention . i spun half to find the coyote staring back at me . instead i found another hiker passing me on the trail . he was descending heading the opposite direction from me . the man wore brown boots that rose to mid calf . gray extended from underneath just a bit further up his calves ending below olive green work shorts the same color as my own . unlike mine however his shorts the little loop from which someone them for manual labor might a hammer . they also the little yellow c that marked the brand on the back right pocket . his blue baseball cap was low enough that i t get a good look at his face but i that his gray t shirt entirely free of sweat . the man raised a hand as i turned though t say anything . how s that last stretch ? i as he to my right . easy . he the word in a deep baritone not much than a whisper drawing it out into languid assurance . he continued down the trail . how s the view i to his back . easy . i again in the same slow whisper before the hiker around the next switchback . i shook my head not sure i d the guy correctly as i my and finished lacing my boots . the sun was beginning to sink . i the trail s peak a little less than a mile later and was by a sweeping view of the surrounding desert . by then a brilliant sunset painted the desert and i at the view for nearly twenty . as i made my way back down the trail the temperature with the sun . a cloudy evening the i d on the way up and by the time i d halfway down the trail i had to use the flashlight on my phone to light the path in front of me . at night is always . this t the first time i d been caught out on a trail after sundown and the desert path was much less than some of the more heavily wooded in the other i . still the normal of wildlife become much more sinister at night . as i my turned back to the of the day . i d up at the crack of dawn to make the long drive . i t mind road but the space between and big bend was just empty . not like one little town every couple of empty . completely empty . bring a spare can of gas and make sure you fill up you see a station empty . i d really the of the universe and even my favorite had run stale by the time i d the welcome sign . what was it the ranger had said to me ? don t talk to the ? i suppose a person to be a bit odd to become a park ranger anyway especially one way out here in the middle of nowhere . still strange thing to say . the memory of the odd warning brought to mind the coyote . with it s warped system error snout . i at the image . a branch snapped to my left . wind through the . i sped up . a rock had found its way into one of my boots and i bent to fish it out . the wind was whistling again . i my phone in my mouth as i one of my higher to make the boot a bit more accessible . the had over the course of the day and i could fit a finger down to the sole . i found the pebble and worked it out of the shoe with my index finger . i rolled it just past the top lace near the middle of my calf . it was difficult to see the little gray stone it the color my nearly exactly and the low light t help . i to grab it before it could fall back into my boots though and it into the brush along the side of the path . it made a small click as it landed . i stood and continued . i t get more than a few before i felt a tiny impact on the side of my leg . assuming i d up a stick as i d been walking i carried on . after another few though i felt another pebble in my boot . this one t gotten deep and i t need my light to fish it out . i it between my index finger and thumb . this one too my . i it as i had the other and carried on . a few later i felt another impact this time at my ear . a bug surely . i briefly before speeding up . loudly and their nighttime whine to come from every direction at once . a branch snapped . i was nearly by the time i it . xb easy xb slow . deep . quiet . so quiet i t be sure i d it at all . i broke into a run . all around me the trail to come alive . snapped and the wind and so loudly it was nearly deafening . my phone s light as i ran and my uncomfortably on my back . a root caught my foot . i threw my out to break my fall . the trail s tiny sharp dug painfully in to my and my as i hit the ground . i to stand but as i up i found myself eye level with a pair of brown boots . xb easy xb on my and in dust of the trail bleeding into the grit i froze . strong me from the ground and i could do nothing but allow myself to be . after an eternity i raised my . and found myself face to face with the park ranger . easy . she spoke in the same careful tone that she d used when selling my admission ticket not the hiker s creepy whisper . i caught my breath for a moment before i . thanks . i off my shorts and stepped back . once i collected myself i that i d the end of the path and the ranger stood at the . my car was just a few away and a light over the parking lot illuminated us . the ranger was holding a shotgun . she t pointing it at me precisely . but she certainly t pointing it anywhere else either . if she fired it she d probably blow off a few of my . behind her stood the old couple i d seen on the way up the path . the old man stood now than he had in the afternoon and he d his walking sticks for a shotgun of his own . his wife too was armed and the three of them stood unmoving between me and my aging runner . none of them directly at me . in fact each to be looking pointedly at a spot where i t . what did i tell you when you first came into the park this afternoon friend ? the ranger the question carefully and without much inflection . she still t meet my staring instead at the path behind me . given her monotone i t tell whether she was scolding me or testing me . xb don t talk to the . . . i . the coyote . xb don t talk to the i finished . the ranger and her all visibly as if they d been holding their breath . each of the three of them finally turned their to me and the ranger shouldered her firearm . friend you get back in that car and you head straight out of this park . the old man me with a gravity that could not possibly have come from the doddering old fellow i d met in the day . don t stop . not for nothing the old woman added . or nobody . she fixed me with a steely gaze that the gravity of her husband s . not until you re out of the park . i t worry too much about the speed limit either friend the ranger added . i my mouth to ask what in god s name the three of them were talking about but the ranger fixed her jaw in such a way as to indicate that the conversation was over . the old couple wore similar and the three of them turned their full attention to the path to the ground . i their . i t change my boots . i t take off my shirt even though a day s worth of sweat had turned its gray material nearly the same color black as my car s upholstery . the runner came to life with its deep rumble and i the gas peeling out of the parking lot with a squeal . my t stop shaking until i was nearly three from the . the road in and out of big bend is straight and several between the park entrance and the . i d finally begun to relax and i could see the ranger s booth in the distance when i it again . xb easy . xb the same slow whisper so quiet that my rumbling engine nearly it out . i spun my head in every direction . the sun was all the way down by this point and i t see much outside the too dim glow of my . i it again . xb easy boy . the same tone . the same whisper . xb take it easy boy . xb faster this time . but not like a person who fast . like a video at double speed . i continued to look frantically around me doing my best to keep some attention on the road . motion at the corner of my eye caught my attention . i turned my head to the right . at the very edge of the half circle of road illuminated in my ran an animal . an animal that like it had two . one on top of the other . i the gas . xb easy xb loud . deafening . but still soft somehow . like a recording of a whisper at full volume through an expensive sound system . the ranger s hut grew in the distance . i kept my attention on the road in front of me but from the corner of my eye i could see that the coyote the whatever it was was still right on the edge of my . i a look at it . only for a moment . the sight me still . on the edge of the road just outside the light of my ran the coyote . on its hind . its twin and its mouth open . as it the creature s jaw than any natural being s ought to and row upon row of human looking teeth hung nearly to its chest . a chest that to be wearing a gray t shirt . but not wearing it precisely . rather the shirt almost to grow from the body giving way seamlessly to the patchy fur of its arms and stomach . it turned its head and directly at me . its were no longer the wide brown of an animal but rather piercing blue . like a human s . like mine . the coyote . i tore my gaze from the abomination to spare a glance at my speedometer . i was going mph . i willed the aging to go faster . faster than it had any right to go . faster than whatever was keeping pace with me out my window . i stole another glance at the creature . as i turned my head i saw the beast stop . not slow down . stop . completely . as if it had run into a wall . i past the ranger s hut and then the welcome sign and t ease up on the gas until both were firmly in my rear view . but i it again . xb take it easy . . . xb i on the and i could smell the rubber burning under my . don t let the sound of your own make you crazy . . . the from my car . i had service again . the song had carried on right where it left off as my phone picked up a signal . i put the old in park . right there in the middle of the road . ran freely down my and my shook so violently i t have driven the car if i d tried . i don t know how long i sat there . in the middle of the west highway . . half an hour . . once i d myself together i the hotel where i d intended to spend the night . and my reservation . i drove straight home through the night and into the morning . i stopped only for gas and hardly took a breath until i my apartment . i double locked the door the closed and exhausted into my bed . i m still not sure just what the hell i saw out there in the desert . but the next morning i had the thought for the first time but certainly not for the last that maybe the national t just there to preserve natural beauty . bend isle royale mammoth cave xb we cordially invite you to join us on this wonderful adventure ! there are many to be won much fun to be had and many to be mushed . in this package you will find everything you need for the adventure . you will be looking for and even a princess ! thrilling t it ? my first impression of this game was an image of completely random madness . with no or help were we sent to hell . though the game i understanding that this t entirely true . while the game could be vague especially when it came to the punishment the were often quite explicit and to be taken quite literally . they had told us exactly what we would be doing in this game in the very first letter we received . we would look for and a princess . that s what went through my head when i him into the ice cold river . i am quite aware that it was a risky and impulsive decision i took there . in a matter of a waterfall of ran through my mind . the boy i certainly t who he said he was . t his name it was . my childhood friend who went through hell and back with me . but was that enough to consider him fake ? i ' t truthful about my identity either calling myself when i was still the same . even dying my hair and growing a beard t change that . in that sense i would be just as fake as him . but had lied . he kept . he a man on train to die . that s what it all came down to . it that he had us . i thought i had to choose whether i would kill my friend who was malicious or a stranger who kind and compassionate towards an enemy . but that s the thing right ? are never as they appear . and that s what in my head when i inside the of the two men wearing . i ' t looking at and . i was looking at and an imposter . ! was still shaking all over . after i him get over the railing he fell right to the ground . at that moment i t really pay attention to him though . i was standing at the edge looking deep down to the river . i can t begin to describe how much dread and guilt i was feeling after what i had just done . i took such an impulsive action . what if it was wrong ? my heart a beat as i felt my phone vibrate in my pocket . and i almost crying when i saw name on the screen . where the hell are you ? ? he through the phone . i whispered are you ? what ? no i m not . both of you just where are you ? and you re supposed to call me idiot . i to laugh but only until i registered what he had just said . what do you mean both of us ? haily is gone too ? you mean she s not with you ? i tried calling her but she t pick up . which one of you took the game phone ? stay where you are . i m coming home now i and my phone back inside my pocket . the relief of being alive washed away with an awful new set of . where was and if this really t who had i just over the edge ? what the actual i whisper . he was on his now staring through the of the railing . how did he survive this ? this can t be possible what is it he continued . what i saw down there almost made m throw up . from this distance it really could be mistaken for my friend but whatever this was it somehow to survive a fall that should have been fatal but instead it was vividly swimming in the river . we a shrill laugh before the creature lay on his back and got down with the stream of the river with a big grin on his face . i wish i could say that this was the worst thing i d seen so far but unfortunately the fake was awfully familiar . except the last time i saw him he was much younger . i had to pull myself together and drive to the apartment . this night was not over yet . how did you know he t real ? inside the car . after what had just and all the i had i figured i would take him with me . of course i t trust this stranger but his team had somehow made the second place of the game . he certainly had to know about it that i t . and he did kind of owe me after i had just saved his life . i how you said something about the face of being distorted . it me of a show him and i starred in when we were younger . well it ' s a long story but let s just say i have some experience with those copy . but you know that right ? because you know who we are ? i . stayed silent for a moment . your friend is ' t he ? he ' s the reason i the game he convinced everyone . i know i had to get home but when he said that i took a full break locked the of the car and turned to . what did you just say ? i could tell that he tried to look calm but his were shaking . there was a video of him in which he told us about the smile game . that s all i can tell you ? and now can you please get me home ? so courageous when we had met in the subway but now he me of a child . it made me feel terrible he had just death into the eye . and now i was basically him because i my anger on him . in reality he had just been into this horrible game and it even it was my friend s fault . i took a deep breath to calm myself . how old are you ? twenty why ? did you see . warly s adventure club when you were little ? you would have been around or . it in and the nearby . i assume it was on television in too . yeah . that s how i knew you he and then i was your biggest fan . but that was ago . in the video i saw recently was all grown up . i the steering wheel tight . yeah it sense . they must have somehow him in . i know the people who are behind this sick game and they are extremely dangerous . " yeah i got that when i almost just . and i believe that they are specifically you " he said . " how so ? " " i ' t actually received the location of the town hall yesterday . i saw and you at the subway station and because he was heading in the direction of the mall i thought i ' d follow you . you were the only group who got that other location . " " they me to see push the jester " i whispered . " the are just other . they get the assignment to do . my buddy was actually the jester who brought you the package a few days ago . " i driving again . there were so many that were coming together but still so much unclear . " i need to get home now . i think my friend might be in danger . you can go if you want but i would really appreciate it if you came along and told us everything you know . and i mean everything . " he something on his phone and then at me and . what is going on ? first thing as i the door . i had only seen him a few ago but so much had since then . i went from thinking that he was a murderer to being in charge of his fate to wondering if he was associated with the game of all this . i explain later not come back ? i . shook his head . i might know where she is in from the back . my buddy just me . he also had to push someone from a bridge . and he got to decide between two . what is he talking about ? . dun dun dun i thought had the game phone ? i said . that was mine out another phone from his pocket . mix up ! team w . you won k as well as a new member . show your best behavior kitty kat you are among over and the phone off his hand . kitty kat ? what s that supposed to mean ? that s what they call me s face turned red . my heart racing . what does that mean ? did they just replace ? as and panicked as i was feeling . check the i said . they had been fast . our team was now on the second position and s face was by the one of . but t left the game she was now on the third spot next to ' s former team member . can you text your friend ? i . i tried he s not but it like your friend ? he said . or that s what they want us to think . dun dun dun top ! you all have been waiting for this moment haven ' t you ? the princess is close but better watch out or she might steal your heart ' s shaking when he read that message . his were tearing up and it almost felt as if he had become a whole new person . " finally " he whispered . and i at him with . there was so much happening at once . i had hardly gotten over the fact of choosing to kill we had lost and it felt like we all had our own agenda . now we were supposed to be the top with a new team member . " i don ' t think i want to murder some princess even if it ' s another imposter . i still have a bitter taste in my mouth from pushing over the edge " i said . " you did what ? " . " we won ' t murder her we ' try to survive " said in a dry tone . we were sitting on the floor of the living room . in front of us lay the phone . there was nothing we could do but wait until we received another clue . we had tried reaching but ' t get through to her or ' s friend . of course we had thought about just going to the place had seen his friend last but we had a feeling the game were closely watching us and the round ' t officially begun yet . when went to the bathroom and i finally had a moment alone with my friend i decided i would try to get some information out of him . " did you tell the game about us ? are you the reason they found us ? " " wide . " what the hell no ! " he said . " you ' re telling me you ' t take a video of yourself forcing to join the game ? " laughing . " you ' re right ? did you forget " he stopped talking as stepped back into the room . we stayed silent after that . even though we all had millions of in our head nobody anything . i don ' t know if the ' t dare to ask or whether the game had just broken our spirit already . it was dawn when the phone finally that painful melody again . round will begin in . . terribly sad news your friend i am afraid is long gone ! your princess however will be you at the curious carnival in location and ' t that all that ? don ' t forget your armor . round just joining us ? i recommend starting at the beginning too far back ? you can refresh your memory with the previous update here xb xb making ? my mind reeled . how did somebody make a ? what the was our grandma doing ? i brought a hand to my forehead wincing as hit me like a cement truck . it s medicine . now be still and no crying we don t want to worry your . but i feel fine grandma . i don t need any medicine . everybody needs this medicine . give me your arm . what about eric ? he get it too . now give me your arm . uncle jake clapped his and broke me from my reverie . oh good work eric . good work ! this is why i always said you d be great for the cabin . his . now why don t we all go for a little hike as a family ? i have something i d like to show you . after all of this ? eric said incredulously . you must be drunk . i don t think he s drunk i said the memory subsiding . the sound of the rushing river returned along with the frigid chill of the wind . why were these so invasive ? so vivid ? i shook the thought away i to get us out of this situation first . he s taking something to keep him normal . what ? eric said . he at in his . did you read this when we were ? i shook my head . no . i was never the reader between us was i ? my found the stone in my pocket and i thumbed at it . feeling the weight the shape . i remember grandma giving me a kind of medicine . my stomach felt upside down just talking about this . i hardly knew what it even meant . i think jake s taken some medicine himself . maybe something that him from becoming whatever grandma meant for him to be . jake his small milky . quite the theory . is it ? i said quietly . he stepped forward two rapid one after another . his body swayed at the sudden stop . from the of his mouth his tongue out licking at his . is that why you re so afraid of me ? he said . because you think there s a monster underneath ? i m not afraid of you i lied squeezing the stone . i just don t want to kill my own uncle . jake let loose a howling laugh . eric said stepping closer to me . i don t think we should be provoking him . too late for that i thought . jake was here to finish something and it involved us . i t interested in him see it through . tell you what uncle i said stepping forward . his from my to my face . he offended that i d even consider myself in the same league as him . walk away right now and i won t murder you . his thrust back and his head forward . his milk white . murder me ? he said in a voice that was beginning to sound nothing like his own . does your therapist know you re delusional ? his entire body his stumbling in an effort to stay upright . something s happening eric said seriously . now cut it out ! a lot was happening . more would be happening soon i could guarantee that . now come at me dear uncle . give me an opening . my therapist i got the right idea actually . that my family is a bunch of hillbilly trash . i am jake said dropping to a knee and . a product of progress ! whatever he had taken to keep him level his were throwing it out of whack . show me i said doing my best to keep my voice level . with a growl he himself toward me his catatonic flying about to his own momentum . i took a step backward steadying myself on my rear leg while i out the stone with my good hand . i the stone against his skull with all the force i could manage . i a sharp crack and then a groan as my uncle wordlessly onto the rocky shore . eric and i stood there for several my heart feeling like it might beat out of my chest . my came in . was he unconscious ? you were trying to provoke him ? eric said stepping carefully around the other side of jake s unmoving body . i . yeah . now let s make sure he stays down . i the rock in my hand ready to bash my uncle s skull to pulp . eric me away . what the hell ? he said . you can t kill him . i can t kill him ? i did my best not to punch eric square in the jaw . look around you man ! we re out here . you think jake s a friend of ours ? that he s help us down the mountain ? i took a few away running a hand through my long hair . what do you think when he wakes up huh ? you think he just it a day and let s us go ? i don t know eric . but i know we re not . we re not like him . his to jake s unmoving body his expression torn . if we do that how are we any better ? i toward him and him roughly by his shirt . how are we any better ? i . how about we re better because we t lure two out here to try and get them to become ? how about we re better because we t give two a lifetime of trauma ? eric was silent his wet behind his glasses . i let my hand fall from his shirt and turned my attention to jake . his were closed but after what i d seen in him i t trust him to stay out for much longer . something was trying to break free of him . something horrible . i ran a thumb along the stone biting my lip weighing my . eric said his hand on my shoulder voice cracking . we have so many good with uncle jake . remember fishing ? remember fishing . as if fishing could make up for this . whoever uncle jake had been or pretended to be that t what he was . my stomach sunk as i him waking up now . turning on us . but without the handicap of whatever medicine he d taken to keep him human . i don t have a choice . i brought the stone down . the snap of jake s filled my the sound of the river the roar of wind . i brought the stone down again to another horrid dull crunch . eric at my jacket trying to pull me off but i threw him backward with my good hand . he might ' been a foot taller than me but he weighed close to a hundred less . i was doing this and no one was going to stop me . i brought the stone down again . and again xb xb x . is a experience that i will never forget . it was a while ago but it ' s still fresh in my mind . i work for a local lumber yard they supply the surrounding and with fresh timber for whatever wood working they need . i had been working for them part time for at least three i ' m still in high school so i decided i to make some money while still in school . my job mostly of moving and milling wood around the yard i it due to that i was able to get money and i was able to stay in shape . on occasion they ' d have me work on outside of the property i was already proficient with all the for chopping and wood axes . . . so one early morning i get up and do my normal morning routine shower breakfast then i headed to work . i ' t have a car at the time so i had to use my bike when i up to work i did my normal milling large moving large of wood to . . . most of the day had gone by and i only had about an hour left of my shift i was just done helping another employee when my manager me over . for this story i ' call him mark mark was a tall fellow had longer than his whole upper body arms that down past his waist and that pierced your soul but he was actually a very nice guy no homo . he ' d always help me out with any work related and he even me out at home sometimes . so he me over and that he an extra job for me since i was still in high school he would often give me extra work for extra money . he me that one of the local bike and nearby had had some fallen that were the path . he me to take care of it in exchange for a few extra buck i said yes of coarse and i headed over there with the gator a small work vehicle they me to use . when i got there the path was to small for the truck to get in so i had the rotten job of all my equipment to the area . when i i was about a quarter mile into the i ' t really mind it due to me being a nature lover . when i what had i saw that there were about ft thick laying in awkward across the trail so i knew i had a lot of work to do . i was half way through the first tree when i that something i ' t before the ' t look like they fell by themselves it like something them over . i came to that conclusion by what like claw at the base of each tree i was a little but kept on with my work reasoning it could have been a boar or a bear . it was some time later the sun was close to setting so i was kind of in a hurry . i was just finished with the last tree i had turned my off now that it was quiet i stood for a moment just taking in all the of nature when i something not right . i a slight brush of what like raking across bark i to turn to where i the sound but the sun was pretty much set and it was hard to see very far . so i turned my flashlight on and the forest looking for what could ' had made the noise . when i made the decision to turn the flashlight about to the right the light shown on what i can only describe as an unholy abomination . this thing not animal or human it had the long snout of a wolf long slender arms that ended with long sharp out of the top of its head and that too human for any wild beast . the thing that me the most was it ' s skin it to be wearing the skin imagine the character leather face how the skin on its face is not completely connected . as soon as i saw it it made the most bone chilling screech i ' ever . i out of there leaving all of my equipment behind i ' t care . when i my truck i practically swan dove into the front seat and i nearly through the floor trying to push the pedal when i was in motion i back to see if it was following me it ' t . when i was on the road i just drove home i was explain it in the morning . i made sure to lock all of my and i also kept a gun next to me i barley got any sleep that night . the next morning i drove the gator back to work and quit that day i was done with the forest . when i got back home i did some research on what i saw and i came to the conclusion that what i saw that night was what the a . i could ' ended this by saying it all ended there but i was wrong . the reason i ' m writing this is cause a few nights ago i had happen to wake up in a cold sweat from a nightmare to just catch a glimpse of a tall hairy figure darting past my bedroom window . i know its back and it me i just hope and pray that that ' s the last i ' ever see of this creature . i ' m a year old girl and my brother he is . we are both do school and my teacher mister i ' m doing really really good ! my favorite class would probably be math . my brother is my best friend but sometimes some not so nice . every time she comes into my room she always how i am doing . i always tell her the same thing but she always just me anyways no matter how many times i tell her . but then when she about my brother she at me weirdly . i don ' t get it though i can ' t say why . she differently to . it ' s kind of slow like she is or something . always weird to i don ' t know why . i don ' t like because she me i don ' t want to answer or don ' t like . one time she me if me do . i ' t get it but i said no because is nice and ' t make me do anything . i get lunch everyday at am i don ' t know how long this until i . they try not to keep in my room so i can ' t have a fancy clock . i only learned how to read the on a clock . every time i get lunch a man comes in he always a white coat but when i ask him stuff he just me . he always me yellow and pink and blue pill . when i take them they make me feel sleepy and i can ' t remember sometimes . i don ' t like them . i plant them in the flower pot when he leaves . he never to see if i take them . someone i have never seen before came in today . i her if she could bring some food today because he ' t eat yesterday and she just me who was . i pointed behind her and she spun around . she and at me saying i ' t say stuff like that . i ' t understand and she there is no one there . i got mad really really mad . the man with the white coat came in and me with something sharp . i woke back up in the wood chair again in the cold place with mister kneeling down in front of me . all he said to me was when i realize my mistake i can come out . it was really cold i to come out . i cried a lot . mister came in later and if i my mistake i my head and said " is not really there . " when i got to come back to my room i writing right away . it ' s been the time i haven ' t seen . i don ' t understand though because he come back all the times before when it . why are people so mean to ? it s sort of hard to believe now but video game are a pretty recent thing . video were around by the s but unless you were in a big city in t start to appear until the early s . of course there were like or that sold computer but they never sold console or hardware . the very first place where i grew up in or so and was something like video . not only did they have a great selection far greater than you could get in the electronics section in or this was even before best buy believe it or not . but they had a lot of older for sale used and the price was usually only a little higher than it would take to rent it for one weekend ! do you remember that pinball game for the which had a breakout clone for a bonus level with holding a board as the bat ? i got that used for ! they also had speciality there as well . neo geo for the rich . for those weird who i later came to know as anime . they the well into the s they even had a midnight release party for the turbo duo . one day i found a new game that i d never of before . i think this was in before the had been . it was in a silver grey package covered with thing that like but many of them were of i d never seen in any game . the game was . the text on the back of the game box said something about taking puzzle block to the next level intentionally the word it like . but the game on the back like but different at the same time . i d never of this game before and i was a subscriber to power so i knew about pretty much everything that was out or was coming out . every year or so they d publish a and i confirmed when i got home that this game t in it . i knew about the but this game had the seal of approval on it and i also thought that it was made by because of the n in the the title . i was wrong about that more later on . the game cost which was about what you d expect to pay for a or not particularly new or popular . i was and the idea of a new kind of so i bought it and ran home to play it . got kind of weird when i got home i it up and found that the game was in some kind of weird rigid plastic sheath . this is the sort of thing that i would later see electronic in when i was building a couple of later . i d never seen another game with this sort of protection and why would it still have it if the game was new ? the game was not made by the copyright date on it to a and the game had been made in either or the same year as i was it anyway . now let me take a second to explain something about it s important to understand the concept of . you may know that is a game but the title itself is a contraction of two and tennis . what s a ? well the idea is that if you take a given number of you can arrange them in a small number of . the number of on the number of . the in are made of four so they are though there are a couple of which t in the game because they re just mirror of other . made out of five are known as and there s a much older non electronic game where you have a full set of them and have to arrange them to fit together inside a box of various sizes . c . this game in a couple of his a space . made of three are known as and those made of two are well . so the idea of is that each level would have a set equal to that level number level would just be would be and so on . in this case level would be an ordinary game . the n in the title ' t come from like i thought though . i learned later in math that n is used to represent an arbitrary number . now what was annoying is that there was no level select . level was boring as hell since it was just up until you complete a line . it is literally impossible to lose on this level . level was basically . without the color or . level was actually a lot of fun since it s like on easy mode . like a pretty fun game even with the lame first two right ? well there was something very strange about this game at the beginning of every level a grid would appear on the screen . many later i would see the grid that on game in which i m informed is actually a test pattern which most arcade had on them so the owner or could diagnose any with the monitor . this grid exactly like that or more to the point the one that . i remember at the time i if it was a preview of what the in the final level would look like . the grid after the first level had several of the grid filled in with different colors . the grid then badly and a weird rhythmic noise . i felt my pulse start to race and i had a feeling that i would later learn was euphoria . the next time i experienced anything like that was a few later when i had orthodontic surgery which involved drilling a hole in the roof of my mouth and they gave me to relieve the pain . the second level as i mention was basically . without any of the stuff that made it fun to play . in fact i m pretty sure this was in early that i this because my experience with this game put me off . for and i t play it until many later on an n emulator . following the second level the grid again but there were different colored in different i seem to remember there being a lot of green . there was a warbling noise as well . again my pulse to race and i extremely excited and t wait for the next level to start . the third level as i before was a blast . it s basically an easier version of since the three square are a lot easier to fit together than the four square . so i was when after the grid displayed and yet another different sound i felt so much so that i just the power switch and turned the console off . about five later i t figure out why i suddenly got so and i to continue even though the next level was going to be just like i was really interested in the level and beyond but i t want to have to play through the first three again so i went off and did something else . the fourth of weekend the next day so it was the better part of a week before i the game again . i had told my sister about it since was the only video game she actually . she had it at some point and said that it was cute but just too annoying to play again . baseball practice and a game later that week stopped me from going back to . i t get back to it until night . i made my way through that annoying first level did i mention that the width of the well is the same no matter the size of the ? in order to pass each level you need to clear which you need to place manually . if level was . without the fun level would be best as bricklayer simulator . i was incredibly when i finished the level so the rush of euphoria i felt when seeing the grid and the out of me . as i before i had never before felt such a perfect sense of euphoria which made me think i haven t felt this since that was my first clue that something was wrong with this game . i got through the second level a little and once again the grid my pulse and i felt excited and keyed up for the next level exactly as i had felt before . my heart continued to race as i through the third level was i really a video game that had some sort of subliminal message in it that could make me feel ? i myself for the next grid and told myself that no matter what i would play the fourth level this time . when the grid came up i was not only filled with the same irritation i almost turned the off without thinking about it . it t that i had no control over my hand but i felt like i was watching myself get up and going to turn off the . i would learn later in life that this is a compulsion . i was saved from this when my phone ringing . i went over to pick it up the next level finally and i hit the start button and it . on the phone was one of my who if he had at a bad time . well no we were year old he why i was being such a bastard and told me to take a chill pill . we for about ten and by the time i got back to the game all the irritation had . the fourth level was a bland clone all of the were the same color and there was no block preview which was annoying . this one took me awhile to complete i discovered that the game had infinite so i kept until i all the . then the grid . i remember there being a lot of red my pulse to race and it took many for me to able to verbalize what i feel . if you ever read the novelization of revenge of the sith there s this part where to use the dark side for the first time he that he like there s this furnace inside his chest and he to allow the heat in it to flow through his body . that s the description to what i felt at that moment it was literally like my blood was boiling i my teeth so tightly that they made a squeaking noise . my father had my a few before this he married some floozy and across country and made it clear that he had no interest in custody or visitation . he still remains the person i hate most on earth . as my were filled with liquid fire i thought of him and if he had been in the room with me now the only thing that could have stopped me from killing him was that he was bigger and than me . i still think i could taken him somehow . i eventually down and the rage was with terror . the game had the fifth level but i was so that i turned off the and the cartridge out . i t throw it across the room though i to but i was actually of the cartridge i it on the table and backed away from it . that s where the game stayed i never touched it again much less it . at the time i was beginning to believe that i was going crazy . we d just seen my grandmother descend into dementia so i always worried that i might someday go crazy too . a few later i came home from school and the game was gone . i my sister and about it and they t touched it in fact they t been home during the day and i remember seeing it on the bookshelf that morning . i checked in the plastic tub under my bed where i kept my and both the package and manual were gone . so simple as that was out of my life . like i said before during the day the house was completely empty since my worked while we were at school . a burglar could have come in sure but why would they have stolen a cartridge and left everything else the and genesis and about in the bin they had to go through to get the box ? later i made a connection with something that had the day before the cartridge . after my father left we around a lot . at one point we lived in this little village out in the middle of nowhere and we had a neighbor who was a ham radio enthusiast . he had this giant antenna which was taller than his two story house . he also at a power that i m pretty sure is illegal so he could talk to people in far off . whenever he my and clock radio which would be off at the time would start making these shrill squelching even unplugging them t stop this ! the day before the cartridge was stolen my making those again even though no one in our neighborhood had a huge antenna like that did . when i decided to write this up i did a search to see if anyone else had a similar experience . i found some to a browser ? game and even a video of it being but it nothing like the game i . i thought of this game a lot over the and what s always me was this if i had through level what the hell would the grid have made me feel afterward ? we ' all been there watching a movie on the cinema at the mall late at night that ' s my story me and my we because it was his last name and it was easy to tell apart because we had two in our group and where watching a movie not anything particularly it was quite the boring one the mall closed at it was and the movie was getting to an end had and thank god it was over me and my heading out talking loudly and laughing like any other group of after seeing a dumb and boring movie would do we were laughing at how bad the movie was we to do stupid stuff like going dragging the plant decorated the biggest mall in just across the river was with its beautiful on out way we saw a small shop window it was the only one that was still lit all the other had their out because it had past almost an hour after time we went to take a closer look because everyone this mall like the back of their and yet no one had ever seen that shop window it was in between and a perfume shop . when we took a closed look we were confused there was nothing there it was empty all it was was a small shop front with square of area and a white blank wall with a old like door painted of with of gold and a little widow painted on the same way by its right we were trying to understand what that shop was when actually told ass that it was open there was a little glass door that to be the only way inside this shop we all got in just for the hell of it laughing we were people inside that small shop front until the paint door actually up so we did and behind it was another door exactly like the one we had just maybe just meter apart from each other and behind that one was another and then another we to fill cold and we could see the condensation on the glass of the shop front we all got out wanting to explore more so we got all in again but this time we were meter apart to not clog up the very tight and tall hallway the let to i was fist i the first door then the second one then third and fourth and then there was a small room with wood floor and white and every door lead to a different room all of them the same after less then one minute inside we a loud scream it was she was so so so every one ran out by the situation and ' s scream i went to her and she to leave we left . i was but i knew i ' t have a reason to " maybe not " i thought " maybe i ' m just uncomfortable " as we past through the that lead to the shop window again it was cold was shivering the glass door was closed and locked all my were already outside on top of the shop was a little window that up a bit like a bus window is thin and short still crying and afraid she went through the small window i her get to the small window when it was my turn i ' t fit at this point i was very and i said to who was already on the other site still hanging on to the window " please help me out i don ' t care if tou have to hurt me to get me out of this but please get me out " after some and twisting by everyone on the group i was out i was hanging of the window ready to jump to the floor where my were where in the small drawn widow i saw a small girl maybe the size of my year old sister dressed all in white with dark hair and very very pale skin with very purple almost like she was dead she was staring at me it felt like the felt below i was i look down at my and they were they had no on their face except he look worried all of my friend ' s were all twisted and broken i was pretty sure i ' t want to jump to them now but then i back at where i was the small window and i saw her only from my face she was horrible and very pretty she ' t have more the she smell like death and swamp i could hear flying around but there was nothing i let go and then fell to the floor on my back . it was the were rolling i was in the cinema all my were laughing at how bad the movie was except one just like i was was nowhere to be found no one knew i ' t knew none of us had ever seen him in our life came to me after seeing how i was and while shedding a tear from her right eye she told me " i saw it too " we heading out of the cinema now of us turns out never " maybe it was all a dream " i thought but how could had the same dream too ? i was i ' t want anything to do with it everyone was laughing except me and her we had no expression we just to get out and go home we were in no mood to dragging to the of the big that made that so familiar mall the shop window was there but it had no on this time i was so i ' t look twice i just kept going to the exit after we all got outside we all went home and were dating and had brought his car so they left both and lived pretty near to the mall so they just and and lived in the center of so they took the i went on the last that near my house and went to sleep as soon as i got home the very next day me and my family went to the mall to have diner i was curious so when i had the chance i went to the hallway where that had all there was there the perfume shop where my would always go and spend seeing that she would never buy and that i knew so well from all the clothes i bought there were next to each other with no space in between i think some times i still see in public staring at me me and never again that night . i know many of you have already read or about the about black eyed . here is another story to the collection for you . i had gotten home pretty late from work one night sitting in front of the through the when my stomach . i to make some dinner . i down the last of my beer and put the glass bottle in my well sorted trash . the of being a chef at a quite fancy restaurant is that you get to take home some of the left over produce from the day new will be bought in tomorrow so we can serve our the most fresh . i the and plucked out enough to make a spicy stew of some sort . after turning on my rice cooker i the window to the kitchen ventilation was not my house s . i was from my mouth when chopping the vegetable clearly hungry after the long day of working in a kitchen without eating except for here and there . when the rice had around left on the clock i put everything down in a pot with some cream and a few to let it cook until everything was finished . the minute i had my plate there was a knock on my door . who would visit me this late at night without calling first ? and i had a doorbell so i was a tiny bit confused when i to the hall . looking through the peep hole at the door i saw something i did not expect . two one a bit taller than the other holding . i saw the older one looking up towards me as if he knew i was there . they were both wearing which made sense because being that young it was way past their bed time . just as i was about to open the door i drew back my hand from the doorknob . one more look at them before i open the door i thought . that s when i what was off . they both had black . the entire not only the iris . now i was . another knock . please sir we are just so hungry . please let us in i locked my door and ran into the kitchen again the window quickly and my phone ready to call the police if they t leave . another knock now with two . another voice higher than the first one . please open the door we are so hungry how do you know my name ? ! i back through the door . i m calling the police please please open the door . we just want to come in and eat the police up later but the were gone . they me to describe them and i did out the part of their black so i would not seem crazy . i if they had anything from any missing their tonight but their answer was no . i t hungry . i tried to eat but it was impossible . i the in the and went to bed making sure that my door was locked and turned on the to the hall next to my bedroom just to be sure . the next day nothing remarkable . my came over at night and we watched a movie . we had only been together for about i month so i t bring up the story from the night before that she would think i was crazy or evil to not let the in . when it had gotten dark we both felt hungry . i her if it was to eat from what i had yesterday and she was more than happy to eat food prepared by me . she told me to wait in the living room because i had already the dinner she at least to serve it for us . i her open up the window in the kitchen . it me but i t tell her that . me being paranoid would only lead to i t want to answer . she came back into the living room with my plate and a glass of wine . i her nicely and her on the cheek before she went back into the kitchen to grab her own plate . it on the door again . i froze . i my approaching the front door . i stood up . hello let us in we are so hungry the same voice as last night . there are two out there . i her turn the lock of the doorknob . don t ! ! i while running down the hall . she as she the door . the were all wearing . but there were more than two this time . a hurdle of them stood outside my porch only only lamp shining above the first few of them shining back from their black . can we come in ? it so good the boy said . i frantically shut the door holding herself to the wall in chock . we the police but once again the were gone when they up . me and both told the about the more than a class size of them with black just outside my door . they told me to stay in touch and call even sooner if it again . they were interested to say the least now that two people had seen what had . i in with the next day . pretty soon for being together for such a short period of time . but the both of us were too to sleep alone now . always lock the door when we enter the house and never open the kitchen window when we are cooking . when the chaos of the moment had ended i found myself alone . i had been following the path through the forest for what like a couple of but my watch and dead told me that it had been almost three days . i t remember when my and i had our hike into the wilderness but i could vividly remember what us to abandon our trek on the marked . the thing that drew our attention first was the sound . imagine the sound of static on television combined with the low continuous note from a tuba . the noise t loud it was barely noticeable at first . i t been aware of it and would have most likely it if my friend t pointed it out . once he pointed it out it was the only thing that we could hear no no nothing just the static . we decided collectively almost unconsciously to follow the sound into the part of the forest . we to find its source . after leaving the marked trail we ourselves through the thick over the large that were left from the surrounding themselves from the earth and across several small that lay throughout the area like the and of the land . we had what like a few hundred slow and we that the noise was not getting but it felt like it was getting more intense . the only way i can describe it is the feeling you get when you are too close to that are churning out a loud bass note . the kind of feeling that your and you can feel in your chest . as we stopped to get our and gather our we first saw the area that the sound was from . not even fifty from where we stood the ended abruptly . as we our group closer to the edge of the stand we could clearly see that the dense hard walking area of the forest we were in quickly gave way into a calm and sunny clearing . we stood at the edge of the small field and cautiously took in our surroundings . the clearing was laid out in the shape of a pear with our group standing at the narrower end and looking out as the field to approximately wide at the . the ground inside the clearing was covered in sparse tall grass and in between the the ground was covered in pea sized grey and black gravel . under the gravel was a layer of what like dirty sand . the ground at the edge of the clearing and further into it was soft to walk on almost a spongy texture . from the start of the clearing a gentle hill to rise towards the middle . the hill our from a clear view at the rest of the field but we could tell that there was something on the other side . there was a bright light just beyond the crest . we quickly had a whispered discussion about what we thought we were actually seeing and if we should keep getting closer . before this moment we t stopped to talk about what we were doing . it was like we were all in agreement with the situation without actually agreed to look for the source . it was only now that any of the party had any hesitation about moving forward . the blind curiosity of the situation had been by a tentative cautious overtone that gave us all pause . in the end the desire to get to the bottom of the mystery won out and we decided to carefully begin making our way across the landscape of the clearing and inch towards the crest of the hill in the center to get a better look at the phenomenon . as we took our time moving to the center the atmosphere inside the clearing felt like walking through waist deep water . down and that some of the smaller of the gravel were sticking to our and . i to have a feeling of dread come over me that i was sure my but i t dare be the one that it first . besides i still to know what was driving us further into the clearing and i t want to be the sissy that stopped us . nearly halfway to the crest i up to see that the sky had been split . halfway up from the horizon the sky normal . sunny and clear . as i higher there was a circular black mass of sky in a glimmering border of milky white . it took me a few to notice the that dotted the black backdrop and the cold air that was rushing from the dark expanse . i the top of the small hill first . the low humming static was now loud to the point of out all other . the from the noise were shaking me down to my and beginning to give me a nauseous headache . i back to see the rest of my behind me looking at me like i had become the leader of this expedition . i turned back to take my first look at the ball of bright white that had drawn us to this part of the forest and i could now see that it was surrounded by eight tall cloaked that had the ball . slipped while trying to get to the top of the crest to get a better look causing a small slide of . one of the this commotion and slowly turned its head to look our direction . under the hood of its cloak was a pale near featureless face . there was a powdery texture to its skin and the like the color black but had a deep glow . the creature trained its gaze in our direction and slowly raised a wrinkled hand with one long finger tipped in a black nail and pointed it at us . the rest of the on the hand were nothing more than poorly each with a lumpy scar and discolored skin . of arcane and a lettering that i t identify covered the loose skin of the being s arms . we had been and the ghoulish thing its hand and turned back to face the other seven . the static noise had grown to a deafening roar and there was a freezing cold gale pouring straight down on us from the fissure in the sky above . the ball of light grew and more intense . the howling that was now coming from the like a freight train blasting down the without . the orb that centered them had great of blue and deep red from its core and like an arcing ball of electricity . we all stood not knowing what we were but a deep guttural feeling of needing to leave . i turned to begin my escape and as i did the noise light and chilling from above and i lost my footing . the last thing i remember is the look on my two " . the pure fear written on their as i fell and the of the wrapping around their them to the other side of the hill towards the center of their macabre ceremony . everything went black . it was warm now . the cold of the wind blowing down on me from above had been by the familiar soggy heat that comes with the summer in the south . i was at the edge of the clearing we had been in . my head was pounding and there were dried of blood covering my and and my mouth felt like it had been stuffed with cotton . i myself and took stock of my surroundings . the sky had itself to return to a misty blue and the only breeze to be found carried the smell of pine and earth and felt thick with humidity nothing like the arctic blast from my recent memory . i up to my and for my two but received no answer . the hill in the clearing now peaceful and as i myself to it as fast as i could gave no indication to the pure chaos and fear that i had . i topped the hill and down to where the otherworldly had been to find nothing . no ball of light no howling and most importantly no . i my phone from my pocket to try and get a signal to call them or at least find a phone that to them but my phone s battery was dead . it had been fully when we set off but now it was a lifeless brick of plastic and glass . my watch and i down to turn off the alarm . am . . we had our hike afternoon . panic to set in as i through the surrounding brush and desperately trying to find my . there were no that they had ever been here and after an hour of searching i ran as hard as i could back the direction we came from to the trail that i hoped was where i . i blasted through the thick brush that lined the trail and fell flat on my face . i was exhausted and i had been crying the entire time i had been running . what had to me ? what had i ? was i the whole thing and why was i missing three whole days ? most importantly where were my ? i was too busy face down on the trail to notice the park ranger standing next to me . ? are you ? there were two other people following close behind wearing brightly colored with the printed on the front . i what is happening ? as the trio me to my and loaded me onto the back of an . i out again and awoke when we were into the check station . i was for and into medical care . my were there and the of my were sitting in the corner . i could tell they had been crying while waiting for their own sons to emerge from the forest . there never been an answer given to me that is satisfying about what that day . my still haven t been found . there t been a scrap of clothing hair or anything else to indicate that they were where i . it been two now and no sign of them . my thought it would be best if i were somewhere that i could get the help i due to the i had been and the of crying and fainting so they admitted me to a group home for treatment . the people that work here are friendly enough and the facility is very modern and comfortable . i have a new therapist that i until this morning when he rolled up his shirt to begin our session . on his arms were the faded of . that i t decipher and i had only seen once before . and i at in silence . it t a stare of horror more of sheer disbelief . i t be more grateful that she had saved our . what of on the floor t a source of alarm . despite his extended life she had him into enough that if he had he t speak and must have been in unbelievable pain . just like the he tortured for . it would been a cruel irony and i almost half hoped he t truly as sick as that may sound . are you ? i . she had shrunken and back into a smaller demonic child something that i felt a need to protect despite the fact she t need anyone to do so . i m fine . she head still hung as if she were ashamed . there was a pause for a moment . thank you sweetheart . we d all be dead without you . chipped in his normal calm and positive tone . her head and as he her for the hero she was . it t that i t feel the same it s just that the shock was overwhelming . we need to help another friend now honey do you want to grab kat and come with me ? wrapped her clawed hand in mine as i s blood soaked tweed cap with the other . she at me with love just like she had at the beginning of this nightmare . the cold atmosphere of the below that we stood in had been reduced to a pile on the ground just like . we towards flat . every step felt wobbly like those few after a really ride at the fair . i to put one foot in front of the other . to where lay squirming and put a gentle hand over her chest carefully the rib that stuck out . i m so sorry . he said to her as he shut his leant down and her bloodied forehead . the of bone that decorated her entire body to move and rearrange . she in pain as her skin to over the newly bone and . her twisted to resemble something human again . i felt rolling down my face . once she was as close to her usual herself as she was going to get took a step back as she her that had returned to the and directly at me . was blind she had always been blind but she knew that i was there . we her gently as the three of us her to her sofa an exact replica of the one upstairs each limb into position as carefully as we could . the shone purple and green underneath the harsh artificial lighting me that we t really home . kat . . . she to speak . her jaw t quite the whole way . i knew what she though . i into my pocket and out a slightly bloody cigarette . out with broken and it to her as best she could as i put down the flat cap and lit it for her . come on sweetheart we re stand in the other room . said to as he her into the hallway and away from the smoke leaving me alone with . i m sorry . i she tried to reply but she could barely make a sound . you were right though he did need help . now no one in the block is going to go through what you have . . . i m sorry i t save you . puffed on the cigarette with great difficulty she could barely close her around it but she with a glint in her eye that this was the first pleasure she d in quite some time . she a strained no at me . did it . i can finally take her home now . i just wish that we could take you and with us . i lit my own cigarette and took a long draw from it . you . . . . ca . . . . can . no . . . not . . . . me . go home . go home . she . every word leaving a trail of pain in her face . i despite her better appearance she t fixed . she was in as much pain as she had been before . i at her just to try and make her feel a little normal . speaking in again ? i trying to muster a laugh through the that continued to fill my . she directly at me again and i knew that she had been serious . we finished our smoke in silence as i wept and she . ! i after a few more with her encouraging him back into the flat . him and within . he took one look at me with in his too and he knew what to do . i got up from the sofa and in for a hug careful to avoid her making sure that she faced me . then i watched over her shoulder as he delicately closed s and the stopped . i in a sob and my young friend as tightly as i could . towards us and put his arms around the both of us for a moment in silent mourning before stepping back . up at me a knowing in her and she spoke . i want to go home now kat . her broke what was left of my resolve . the sobbing and put his hand on my shoulder . he to walk us out of the hallway and as we the mess on the floor that had once been outside the door of flat i came to a sudden stop . no further . we need to go in there . i said them into the open door of my anti flat . tried to speak and protest but i stopped him the moment he his mouth . please . just trust me . i t angry or frantic like before and i think that he knew i t trying to lead us into more trouble . i that i d probably done enough of that to last a lifetime . t lead me astray before her advice had been sound i d taken a few but i got to the right place eventually . if i were to respect her death then i had to follow the last bit of advice she gave out . the flat was familiar . my sofa fold out table and kitchen were all there identical to the i d spent so much time at . the flat was windowless the sole indication in my confusion that i t truly home i back the of the balcony to reveal thick concrete behind them . it was sad really but i almost to see the window cleaner tapping on the glass and begging to be let in . i would trade his persistent harassment for my current predicament in a heartbeat . i felt my face sink whatever had me to see here t as clear as i d hoped . i should have that it t be easy . and stood in silence as i every inch of the place even down to an equally copy of the prison i had kept in . i eventually back into the living room prepared to walk out the front door and follow to the basement entrance where he would leave us again . the prospect of going through all that for him to remain trapped in these was more disheartening than anything i d felt before . then i saw the light . it t a eureka moment . or some sort of religious it was an actual physical light . it t artificial like the one that had plagued our stay in the under tower . it was real and it was coming from the sun . how . . . in wonder as his fixed on the grate that had at the top of the concrete behind the sliding balcony . the sun flooding in lit up his whole face and his kind . the opening just the same as it had the night i found the but from the other side it s appearance was all the more poignant . who would thought that metal could signify such freedom . when it first i had never that something other than a basement could exist beneath the block . thank you . i up at the ceiling and her smile as it had been before had got to her . she knew she t be saved but she made sure t have to stay . and i knew that in her death she t have to suffer again . the grate was just large enough for a person to fit through with enough of a squeeze and i could almost make out the shrubbery me and the had . see ! you re coming too ! i at with the first bit of true joy i d felt in quite some time . he t protest this time or argue at all . he back and just said two simple . thank you . i open the sliding door and who had been stood to the side the curtain with her as quickly as possible . i was amazed and grateful that she t pull them down . i watched in awe as she wrenched the away from the concrete and uninterrupted sunlight into the lower flat . the sunlight us all and to the ground the same time as her and to retract . i t pinpoint the exact moment the but they did . there she was mess of blonde hair on her head and brown puppy dog looking at us as she hit the ground with a thud . a little girl you t suspect more than a tantrum of the ferocious beast that had me through this hellish landscape . the front door that lead to the hallway where s remains laid had suddenly been by a thick blank wall just as the lift that bought us here had been . all that was the flat the three of us and the open grate . i one of the from the fold out table below it and turned to . you first so you can pull us out . he was busy staring at the newly girl . there was a guilt in his and he at more strangely than he had when she was demonic regardless the connection was still there . i handed him the flat cap still soaked in blood and he it onto his head with a genuine smile . he himself again with it in place as he took a step onto the chair . before climbing out he turned to us and . he through the grate with some difficulty and his back through i watched s tiny clawless hand clutch his fingerless one as he her through the gap . left alone in the flat i took another look at my surroundings and took a moment to consider all the pain beneath the block . i a life where t come with me and i was trapped for good or dead at the of the rat . as i burst through the small gap by both and the bright sun and sensation of the in my hair as i through them felt like a rebirth . the garden was stunning . the green foliage and the rising orange sun lit them up like . i had never been more appreciative of it . looking back at the outer edge of the building the grate was gone along with any indication that it had been there at all . i why it had in my flat down there . why i had been the person to find it both times and i what had said about the building those who stay . i he was right and if it was possible that it had me already . as we sat in the fresh morning air i knew that none of it really . standing outside of a grim city tower block was cathartic grey concrete had never so inviting . we were home . the of carnage and destruction that i had would greet us when we the building were nowhere to be seen . had certainly up . there was no kitten leg or or even evidence of a . it made me all the more nervous i had no idea who had been hurt . the slow trudge to s floor was painful my all and the ringing in my continued . still i was just so glad to be getting her home i t wait to see s face when we returned her daughter safely may have a mess but she was alive and well which was the best i could ask for given the . i wish i could say that us with joy . i really do wish i could . instead her face was sullen and the dark that sat like than before the skin around her was puffed up and swollen with . when she spotted she fell to her with relief . i hoped her face would brighten but it t . where is he ? she hold of and her as tightly as she could . where s my son ? my heart to my stomach . i d made a sea of bad in my time but this . . . if this was what had meant . . . was the worst consequence i could . i tried to find but i t i d never seen a person look quite so broken . the pain in the of the people t a patch on s sobbing . is . . . that his blood ? she to our clothes and hair whilst struggling to speak . i had been complacent if the had if they had won then maybe there t enough of him left for to see that he was like his sister . i t have written off the possibility like i had . stepped forwards and put his on s . she and i the situation the only grounding in reality that i d felt since to the upper of the block . she him in the . i don t know if you remember me you were very small the last time we met but i remember your . his kindly had locked with hers as she melted and into him and gasping for air . together we her to the sofa not unlike how we had not long before . i d never known s flat to be so quiet was always . he was always so loud . and he always came home . was the absconder . it s why i d found it easy to convince myself that was in his room s sleep like normal as we the below . in all honestly i think i was just trying to convince myself that i t possibly be responsible for the death of a child . logically i always knew that with his sister gone for that long he d go looking . i just hoped . . i really hoped we would get home in time . that he could hold his own . i don t know . anything but this . i had buried my . t breathe properly through thick heavy . the noise muffled my already up . sat with his arms around her while into his other side and i sat opposite blood soaked and alone . knock . . . knock . . . knock the tapping on the door bought all conversation sobbing and brooding to a stop . to the door hope in her and as it she in joy . get off me mum ! where s ! the familiar voice of the young boy me back into the room and i turned to see by none other than prentice . spotted his sister on the sofa and ran towards the three of us . where did all the blood come from ? cool ! he . there were a few and covering his but he mostly unharmed . his excitement was enough to tell me that he was . at him in disbelief not unlike how he had upon their first meeting . i turned and towards the door to where and prentice were speaking . prentice slightly as he kept himself up with his cane . what ? i . i m not sure . i a lot of banging and decided i should go and check what was going on . i found him at the bottom by that ghastly lift . i t the man in the suit i t get close enough but i don t understand how anyone could stand over an injured child and not help . he ran into the lift when i got closer and you know how i like to avoid that place . i m not sure why folk run from me sometimes but it was probably for the best i m not sure what i d have done . i prentice in his animal form running towards . that the landlord had run from the beast warmed my heart . anyway i m rather tired . so if you don t . . . . p stopped as he caught a glimpse of the inside of the flat behind us . his . is that . . . ! came up behind us and out a bloodied hand to shake prentice s . the elderly man unsteady on his cane as if he had seen a ghost . it s been ! he beaming firmly gripping s intact hand . we shall have to have a drink together my friend ! we will . . i m back now . there be plenty of time to catch up . the tightly as the two men in their meeting . i t help but smile quietly to myself and think of . the were safe was back and t continue to the block . and yet again prentice had proved himself the real . we left and the to have some family time so tightly as we left i thought she might crush him . we back to the seventh floor where mine and p s were . it should been a victory walk but i t shake the feeling that everything t entirely over . my feeling was confirmed once the door to flat closed behind prentice and at me gravely . there s a few more you need to know kat can you get up and meet me in the garden ? the last ability to perceive or to physically experience different in time other than the present is something all of us have to accomplish . the curiosity of what the future will be of what the past was . while i do believe science is the best way to explain reality i don t believe it the capacity to explain everything . rd as lonely as life was for me it a sense of bizarre satisfaction knowing i was the only one i had to care for . school t offer much for me other than the occasional necessary knowledge for the life ahead of me . i was a senior in high school living in . as i before i t have many . i spent a lot of time reading i had a knack for understanding . the time i spent reading enhanced my ability to comprehend but also gain knowledge . my family t horrible but not great . my mediocre with them never led me anywhere . back home everyday i knew they about me at least . school had just about a month ago my final year of high school . i was very anxious to finish off the least year of school as my dad said . he a local grocery store i was likely to work there before i could another job . i had been working there since i was a not the best way to spend the . all in all nothing spectacular . i had a future roughly into the stone path ahead of me . the morning on rd in the way i the world . waking up for school at an early six in the morning i my bike in the garage hurriedly . usually it took thirty to arrive at my high school . however i frequently took the through the nearby shaving off about eight . the were to have the disappearance of several and . none of these really me they were ask credible as to me . entering the i felt oddly lighter than usual . i was traveling a good twenty six per hour i estimate . the fluctuation in weight threw me off continually almost losing balance and over . i to slow my speed to regain control . however the t help i only accelerated further and further . it difficult to control my velocity and direction soon it difficult to control myself . i panicked unaware of what was . i more aware but not relaxed . my field of view extended horizontally revealing more of the beside me . my heart rate like myself was at great . the pulse strong and violent rushing through my . i soon lost all sense of perception my memory had been distorted very briefly . my perception returned revealing something very different from the i saw previously . it was with what i could only describe as a surrounded by shiny . they all reflected the shine of luminescent on the wall . upon closer inspection the junk to be metal and other unrecognizable . the to contain large white made of very smooth material . at what i was seeing i out . the sound of my shout throughout wherever i was . no answer was received . my mind to rationalize the situation where the hell was i ? had i upon some unknown facility ? if so what the cutting edge looking technology ? what was the cause of my loss of perception ? my reflecting me to ignore the present perception . i metal in the distant it weirdly heavy . the across the with a hint of mechanical moving . it not too far away hopefully it was help . perhaps it was somebody i could find and ask for assistance . i to walk towards the sound stepping over and whatever else . the sound was oddly unsettling it was sporadic and unpredictable . it and . the sound pierced my skin the violent enough to cause wounds . a maze of debris it harder to navigate and locate the source . i around a corner of metal and the source of the sound . i saw a figure bulky and abnormally shaped . it unnaturally kneeling on something . i t make out what exactly it was in the darkness . i got closer revealing a human like person but with metal out of its body . it had no skin but had a transparent body . i on the ground and saw the corpse of a person with tiny covering the skin . they to be lifeless life and consciousness . i absolutely . i was so i t think . my mind every alarm switch available causing a cacophony and avalanche of anxiety . the figure was that of a transparent human i could see and throughout its body . the anatomy was human but the substance was anything but . i soon there was liquid filling the transparent body different had different colors to the liquid . a thin needle was pierced into the person s forehead the blood slowly traversing the tube and at the head of the anomaly . the head had no face just shaped like a human . it had an intensely sophisticated framework shaping the skull and other of the body . an endless network combination of and covered the internal of the transparent mold . it to be unaware of my presence . backing away carefully i it s behavior from a distance . the blood from the transparent then to drain steadily almost being . the anomaly to take shape i saw skin growing on the surface . a heart and in the chest . before starting to beat blood . it covered and the labyrinth of machinery present already . to protrude and other . my mind was frozen all stopped . all of my perception on whatever this thing was . fight or flight was and for whatever reason i t activate myself . what was that thing ? what was it doing ? what was going to happen to me ? the figure turned slowly towards me it had half of someone s face . the chest was wide open revealing and rapidly . the face was that of a male around my age . my breathing and to shake uncontrollably . then it s face slowly . it had several that revealing of needles and ready to stab . all moving in succession within . it more of the person overtime taking shape . without thinking i ran to where i came from . desperately looking for a weapon a place to hide an escape anything to prevent my inevitable death . the of metal grinding together tore through my my perception . i behind me to see a claw reaching towards my face with of and . i whipped my head one hundred eighty to reveal the of . behind me was the familiar sight of my neighborhood . my rationality froze still afraid of the mechanical . deep in thought i to panic uncontrollably . what if it had caught me ? would have i in a painful slow brutal death ? the machine flashing across my mind pain across my body . it the sharp thin needles dug into the corpse . i ten late to school . i had no choice but to pretend nothing no one would believe me . sitting at my desk i to comprehend what i had saw . was it a hallucination ? was i truly a schizophrenic insane even ? reflecting i someone call to me from the other side of the room . i spaced out so heavily i to perceive the door opening . the principal would like to see you the assistant principal to me . by the principal i free of fear . not to what there . i sat down to be out heavily for my tardiness . instead he at me staring intently . his bright menacing . they with discontent disappointment . my heart down to my stomach and stopped all flow of . the principal s face open a polygonal pattern . it revealed flesh and metal . before i got my in university for as a second language i went abroad to japan for two to study my . japan absolutely beautiful my life there was awesome . i had my little apartment and everything . but i am a horror story lover and let ' s just say the more you read about it the more you believe it . but i was never too into it but i was japan is the birth place of many popular urban . i ' t believe it until my last two in japan . it was that night when i came back from with my delicious dinner . it was rather late i just like in the library . it was almost pm that night . i lightly with music in one ear and the other ear rather on catching . i was extremely paranoid . the music was to convinced myself that my breathing was not a person waiting to jump me . so i was just about to turn the corner to go down the last walkway to the the front of the building when i see that there was a girl standing under the lamp light you know those they have under in nice . if you don ' t know what i ' m talking about go watch some k . anyways there was a girl standing under there . she was rather small but she was around my height ' . she was wearing a kimono that really pretty and it was rather normal to wear in this part of japan . she had her hair in a fancy style with a red pin . it ' t a pretty red . i was a awkward kind of red . you would never use this shade of red in your hair kind of red . she had her back towards me with her face looking down . thinking she was looking at her phone i ' t really bother with her . i just kept walking i right past her . but as i was about the reach the front to my apartment door i turned around to see if she was still there and to my surprise she still had her back towards me . it was like she was purposely showing me her back . with me hungry and tired i ' t be to take a third look . so i just continued on with my life . but i getting when i would see her every night . one night i got extremely paranoid and a guy friend to walk with me . i told him about it as we and we both grew quiet as we see the figure coming up close . as my friend got a good look she was slowly turning i was getting curious as to what she like so i a little trying to catch a glimpse of her face but my guy friend my arm turned my head so it ' s straight ahead and me straight to my apartment . once we were inside he told me how close to death i was . he said that she was a demon . people her the concubine . legend had it that she was the most beautiful woman in all of japan and she was very charming . the emperor caught a glimpse of her and instantly made her his concubine . the emperor would go to her every night . this left the queen jealous and angry . she to bear a child for the emperor or her status as the queen might be by someone else . so one day she decided to mess with this beautiful girl . she sent two big to rape her . but just as the in they were instantly by the beauty . they ' t even dare to touch her . she like a goddess . so instead they would come back everyday to see her . soon more people came to look at her beauty . this had the emperor extremely upset . they were treating his concubine as some kind of museum item . so he had all the people that at his concubine . he her all to himself . but the girl herself was a really nice girl . after she what the emperor had done for her she felt guilty . she felt terrible because of her beauty people had to die . feeling wronged she decided to confront the emperor . after the emperor the plea to stop killing the men that look at her . the emperor this as her wanting attention from the men . so he her . but he ' t drown her in water . he her in oil . he her to be beautiful forever . so to preserve her he her in oil . the emperor soon after too they met in the after life and to test her heart the emperor would make her go out and see who would look at her . said that the woman would try to have her back faced towards people so they won ' t be by the emperor but who to look at her would be within . next time you see a woman with her back towards you think twice before looking at her . the crime scene was one of the worst i had seen . the extent of the brutality was far beyond your typical blood . scattered the . a heart was found outside of its former body . and the themselves were almost unrecognizable . however they were indeed the of five missing . i myself to vomit in the nearby creek . momentary relief fell over me but the fact of the matter still weighed on me . perhaps the lack of to weigh on me the . sure we ' t been on the case for a long time but the crime scene layout made no sense when further . the leg of a male victim was found at the middle of the and yet the full body was found half a mile away . perhaps the most sickening and bizarre occurrence was the body of a female victim . the body was found in a tree hanging from the highest by her own . it just didnt make any damn sense . if there was even a logical explanation for this who would be sick enough to not only butcher these poor people this bad but to go through all the effort to place the in strange ? after a couple the search continued to yield few helpful . the useless search left me and . but the thought of the person behind this massacre go free was a thought i let come to fruition . i to imagine my own daughter and how determined i would be to catch her killer if this had to her . over my talkie i was informed of the arrival of a new forensic scientist . his name was . . he was a truly brilliant man and his appearance made me confident that perhaps we could catch this guy . when i finally got back to the center of the crime scene i met with the prestigious scientist . he stood at about ' . he was frail and was notably jittery . he the crime scene and the sweat from his brow . he his gut slightly seeming to be equally as sick as the rest of us . a fair reaction to the carnage before us . i led him around the crime scene trying to avoid staring at the for to long . as our walk around the scene . to tense up . he to strain his neck observing something in the distance . i in the direction he was staring at and i saw something i ' t before . " you see that right ray ? " . said . i didnt expect him to use my first name as weird as that . " yeah i see it doctor . let ' s have a look . " it was some sort of rock formation neatly put into a circle . and in the middle there sat some sort of art roughly drawn into the dirt . it was a scene of some sort . in the middle of the there sat two stick . one bore a frowny face in the middle of its circular head while the other had no face . with my shaking i snapped a photo of the odd picture . me and the doctor stood there confused . that night i went home to my year old daughter . " dad ! " she excitedly as i home . i her tight relieved to see my daughter after a day of observing horrible . i warmly her on the cheek and turned my full attention towards her . well her and dinner . it was nights like these that make me appreciate family . after a pleasant evening with my little girl i her into bed and back out to the living room where i slowly off in the recliner . i awoke the next morning at way past my usual wake up time . myself i down at my phone and saw one call . after taking it i was by the voice of the police chief . he was me that i was being given a day off to decompress after the crime scene investigation . standard town protocol . it was fine by me really another day to just spend with my daughter . i tried to imagine what fun i could do to spend time with her . however my was caught short when i received a call from . around . he me over to his house to talk about yesterday . i reluctantly accepted his offer . when i at his house i was to find it and messy . the doctor himself exhausted and worn . it was easy to imagine him not sleeping well last night . he me into in his kitchen where he sat me down with a cup of coffee . " alright . what is this about ? " i . " please call me don . " he . i my head . " you see ray something about that rock formation ' t sit right with me . something off about it . so i took it upon myself to further investigate it . " the doctor almost crazed . " the symbol back to an old about a creature known as the . or as it ' s also known the faceless . " he said . " so don are you saying that this is the work of a cult or something like that ? " i . " far from it . you see as the legend goes the is tied to a curse . the curse supposedly you but only if you step inside one of its . just like the stone circle we saw . " " so are you saying " the doctor cut me off . " you see ray when i came home last night . i a strange whistling . i ' t think much of it at first but the sound went on and on . after the whistling grew near i a knife and in my closet . around in the morning i fell asleep . i woke up to my house almost completely thrown about . " just then i to feel dizzy . " the curse is real ray . and it ' s coming for me . but this morning i that i wasnt necessarily gone ray . " my vision to darken . " i ' m sorry ray . but i dont want to die . " and with that i fell asleep . i awoke with my arms tied behind my back . the sun was beginning to set . above me stood . . " i dont want to do this ray . believe me . but this is the only way to stop the curse . " the doctor to take a pocket knife to me . he to cut into my arm . " i ' m carving the same symbol from the monument into you . as long as that symbol is connected to you the curse will pursue you . " i still was to take all of this in . but as i finally came to my the doctor put me back to sleep . i once again awoke this time outside of my house . it was now dark out . but that wasnt the problem . when i came back into full a strange sound to fill my . a whistling . i wasted no time in running into my house and locking all my and . i got my gun from my room safe and my daughter ' s room . she was fast asleep just as i told her to do when i work late . i sat on the foot of her bed ready to defend her . but the whistling kept coming . and then a different thought filled my mind . i turned the safety off and a tear filled my . just then she woke up . " daddy ? " was her last word . i did the act quickly making sure to not let her understand what was going down . but the whistling is still coming . i write this to you now . the blood of my young daughter staining my as a reminder of what i did . but i may not have to bear the weight of my act much longer . because my front door just open . and i know that i ' have no chance of fighting off the . so i write this to you know with enough still in the chamber for me . i discovered some buried on a dirt . no one to be interesting in the item when i took it up to people and them if they knew who the owner was . so i took it home and turned it on to see what is happening and the camera their was something . so i check it out and it two people who were out and the guy freed him with a gun on their head . he said " rape her right now or i ' kill both of you " . which they obliged but the creepy part is the man is just staring at them behind them with no enjoyment it . he ' s just standing their wearing he suit and tie smiling at the camera with his gun aiming at them while they are both crying . i turn it off as i don ' t want to watch it at all . after watching i just went to sleep as it was late but at am i woke up and loud knocking at my door . my ring device two people are at my door and they the camera and this creepy smile that just like it came from a horror movie . i the and told them of the people at my door and they said they ' send a couple of in . i what to do and the operator said to stay in my room and don ' t ask them . then i at the camera and saw them make a sign saying " we know you the " . this is all i read before i turned it off . which then i loud ass pounding at my door until the door fell to the ground . then entering my home with whistling and someone saying " nice home " . i told the operator on what to do and she said to hide in my room like a closet or under my bed and stay on the line at all times until the . then i whistling of the two men in my home while walking up to my room with one of them saying " we ' re kill a man we ' re kill a man " . i was silent in my room while they kept singing that song until i . they also the but they ' t leave my home and kept singing the same over and over again . the finally in with saying to the man stop right their and put your up and they ' t oblige and told the officer to leave before he . which they ' t and kept warning him or they ' shoot . then i a bunch of gun shot and silence afterwards which then i was confused about who won until that ' s when i someone say " come out of your room or we ' barge in and kill you ourselves " . that ' s when i the are dead so i told the operator of what to do and that ' s when they said " we are sending a swat team right now stay calm and keep silent . then when i saw the men walk in i was and they told me to get off from my place in or they ' kill me so i . i could see their but then told me where i their camera so i them it and they took it and did me with a warning that " if i ever show up i expect you to listen and hand me what i want or you ' end up like those " . then they left with their stuff and never came back and a few later the entire swat team came but i told them and told them about the men that came to my house and them the footage but the part they were already dead from the war but the were never found as they had of them in the war forced to rape each other and then after that they were shot to death . about a month ago now i was up late and my through social media was interrupted . i haven t been able to shake it since so i figured i d post it here . the sound of my mother s even but heavy above me down the and under my door . it was late at night and i d been unable to sleep too many in my head . my mother was probably in the same boat . i at my phone turning down the brightness in case it was visible from under my door . i out my breathing and set myself in a more comfortable position in bed so i t shift and make the frame creak . still looking at the on my screen i tuned into the even and heavy above trying to figure out if they would lead her downstairs . the of my mother continued through the upstairs and for a second in what was probably the kitchen . there was a soft sound of the opening being and the much of the door . my mother to shuffle her way through the kitchen into the dining room and to the living room . for a good long while all was quiet . i had my mother t go down to the basement and i figured i could go back to aimlessly through my feed without fear of being caught awake . the silence of the house was comforting and i t even make out the sound of another person upstairs . after about five however the . there was something about the movement though that shook me out of my social media haze . you know you re family when you can identify someone simply from the sound of their . the familiar heavy and sure of your father making his way through the house at night and trying not to disturb his family . the recognizable light peppy step of your sister as she down the to taunt you in the good way do . the heavy even of your mother as she her way down the to the basement where you sleep and the office where she . the that through the house as they themselves off the couch and back into the kitchen were light and peppy like my sister s . the that i as my sister went through all the she ? had gone through previously . her light went through the hallway entrance to the kitchen the soft sound of the being open and the being through through the house and her made their way back through the dining room and into the living room . once again afraid of being caught awake i my closer and turned down my brightness . the lighter in the living room standing just above the that would lead to the basement and made their way down . i . when they the bottom of the the heavy and even of my mother made their way over to the office further away from my room and i again . the of my mother made their way past the office and to the bar . her shuffling and the sound of and being aside rang past the office and through the thin of my room before the made their way back into the office closer to me and to pace . the light even in around the office occasionally to drink though i t make out the sound of liquid moving or a person gulping . my little sister t old enough to drink . i i d been all up holding my up to my chin and staring at the door as opposed to my phone trying to make out if they d turned on a light in one of the outside . i took a slow shallow breath making as little noise as possible as i tried to relax my . the in the middle of a pace and once again all was silent . i my breath waiting for the to go somewhere maybe back upstairs to the living room or one of the computer but the house silent as ever . i strained my looking over my phone screen that had long since gone into sleep mode to see if a light had been turned on or if one of the office was being used . everything was dark and quiet . for what felt like an hour it was probably less than ten i laid there breathing slowly and waiting for my mother to make her way back to bed after this late night drinking session . eventually the heavy and sure . . . and made their way through the office before taking a turn and lightly as if to not wake the family made their way to the laundry room just beside my door . i my breath . the heavy and sure were now much closer than before but also much like my father s . my father made his way through the laundry room going around the bend and back away from my room to the bar . like he to look through the and lining the of the bar . the shuffling of and was also and was by a light turning on . the new yellow light from under my door and i at the sudden change . i i t blinked in a good long while . i my blanket closer and the dryness in my in of to stare at my door . the sound of and stopped suddenly though the light stayed on as my father s made his way through the office and towards my room . the and almost bouncing through the office towards my room before again and at a much more even pace . the heavy stopped directly in front of my door their shadow blocking out two of light from getting in and t move . they stayed there for what felt like a uniform shadow that to barely sway . the whole time i kept my taught squinting my to avoid blinking and all the while reprimanding myself for not already being asleep . the shadow stationary . after an eternity the shadow finally . the heavy and even of my mother turned once looking at my sister s room across the hall before her light made their way back upstairs through the living room through the dining room through the kitchen and back to the parent ' s bedroom . i a door open but not close . i t manage to sleep that night and this become a recurring thing . in fact just last night my sister touched and turned the doorknob to my room . when i was a about old my friend me over to her birthday party her another whom we ' call emma to keep from confusion and we ' re going to stay afterward to spend the night . it was cool the party had a few more and we were all going to play smash kept telling us something that ' t make sense to me " don ' t step on the first or last . i forgot the reason why because it was a long time ago but it was still very odd to me so we went downstairs to go play smash . the only light down there was from the upstairs and the i had people around me so i felt comfortable . but i had the feeling i was being watched . ' s " room was open and it was dark i kept looking into the room because i felt like something was watching me . the basement bathroom was also . equally as creepy to me . this is the first thing that caught my suspicion . xb after the rest of the left the house it was just emma and i . she us to go on a golf cart ride into the with her dad i going onto golf it was to me . in that kept looking into the distance off the trail i " dude are you ? " told me " i keep seeing a human figure in all white " that sent down my spine we if we could go back inside to settle down and get ready for bed . ' s dad said yes and we made a plan . i was the out of the both of them being and me being . i told them i ' never stayed up before and they made fun of me for it . so we all decided to stay up late in the living room . mind you this is how the living room was laid out it was its separate room with with no . one led to the dining room the other to the front door and . the were very wide and large . xb at this time it ' s dark outside and to go take out her and get ready for bed in her bathroom down the hall which you could also see through the doorway emma and i were just chilling there little alchemy on her tablet when came out she was a little bit confused . she " were you talking about something ? " i said " no why ? " her response all of us out " i somebody saying how are you outside my door " we all at each other and decided to all sleep on the couch to keep from being we used couch and as a fort it was very small . i went to go turn off the so we could go to bed . . . but . none of us could sleep we all had the feeling we were being watched . i decided to peek out the fort we made into the dining room and i almost . i told and emma to come to look . thereby the grandfather clock was a tall thin black figure . no facial . i turned on the and we went to ' s but of course she ' t believe us why would you believe seeing something creepy like that ? she told us to go to bed and stop each other out . ' s ' t like me so much . i could tell . xb so for the rest of the night none of us slept at all . it was the first all i ' ever . i was too full of fear to be tired from what i just experienced . the next day i went home said to my . the night after that . i kept hearing near my room it was even because i lived in the basement i thought it might ' been my or dad up on me but they would ' turned on the basement i could see through the crack under my door that they ' t on my door flew open as i watched nothing was in the doorway the door shut and the were in my room i was i ' never been so full of fear . i under my for my life . the stopped but i ' t dare check . i was too much much of a coward . xb to this day stopped me she away from our town because her family kept hearing strange in the . i don ' t know why she stopped making contact with me . might ' been because of her . or i don ' t know . i just feel bad for whoever into that house after her . hello my name is and i worked for from until when i was for my supposed unstable mental condition . i was working on viking s team when the famous face on photo was taken in . for those of you who ' t aware of this photo it from orbit a roughly one mile long and quarter mile wide rock and sediment formation that an incredible resemblance to a human face . similar to the man in the moon the image was about but nothing really came of it as it was just assumed to be another one of those cosmic something that was unexpected but was all and all just a whole lot of nothing . that s what the media and reps want you to believe anyways but i m here to set the record straight . from to i worked on an array of s lander and pathfinder . i was behind the of the sojourner rover when it made its landing on the th of and while the public tell about minor sampling and we did a whole lot more than just that . during its day we took the rover to the region to capture some on ground of the face for old times sake while traversing the region few were taken due to there being nothing around a desolate wasteland inside an even scene of the same set . however once the rover to the face and taking composite soil and that s when all hell broke loose . among the soil made up of the normal mixture of like sodium potassium chloride and magnesium we found living biological tissue . like living god damn tissue it was such a small amount barely even . per million of the soil sample but still enough to show there was life on . was very careful in their next a discovery like this could change everything we knew about the red planet which is why it was to be kept secret until we could learn more . this series of to start project to learn more . in of a lander and rover were from earth and respectively in honor of viking which it all . the duo on the red planet mid way through and made a successful landing . immediately soil were being taken from the face and thoroughly tested and the us . along with the usual make up the living tissue was now roughly . of the sample exponentially than our previous from . with much more tissue to test now we discovered it is carbon based in a way . the life is carbon based but at the same time it s heavily refined not like life on earth . i know this is hard to grasp but think about water . water you get right out of a stream is filled with of other along side the hydrogen and oxygen but it s still water . think of this as the carbon based life on earth . now think about distilled water much more refined and far less but at the end of the day is still just water . think of this as the tissue we found on much more heavily refined but still carbon based . as you can imagine this was an incredible discovery and immediately more drastic research . before had even its mission duration had already put together a team of and to go to and study the face under project and before i knew it i was strapped into a soviet rocket traveling towards what was possibly the biggest discovery of our generation . we landed on the planet on th in the year and our work . we with basic soil sampling and found that in the almost two since our sample taken by that the living tissue had grown at a serious rate with reading at . . that s when the excavation work . we used a variation of a drill to dig roughly straight into the face and immediately after drilling something to happen . incredibly minor seismic happening in of two with about between the two and about a minute and a half break in between the . we soil from down and found that roughly percent of the sample was tissue so we figured why not go . over the next days the seismic activity constant and we out our drill at its foot depth and the sample we was nearly percent living tissue it was incredible ! we were subterranean life on a planet in our own solar system ! our excitement however t last long . days after we had drilling we found the latest soil sample had grown to nearly percent living tissue like the organism was literally feeding off the in the soil and converting them into living tissue . throughout this whole project nothing had given me a knot in my stomach quite like this . it was like that feeling you get right before you lie to your or when you cheat on your and she where you were last yeah i m a person get over it . we proceed to place seismic in the we had dug for further back on earth . we took about more soil and returned home . from to we studied the and the we had left behind and made a discovery . the seismic have been slow but steady growth in the we on our trip to since we left . as of each pulse is equivalent to a . magnitude earthquake and the soil ? every one of them turned into percent tissue and we discovered that if we add to the within they are gone and the sample grown in mass almost like it s feeding off them and if we add an element that was previously not present like iron oxide for example we will see the element get broken down and evenly dispersed throughout the tissue before being completely absorbed . the reason for my writing this is the discovery i have made and the warning the world needs to hear . is a egg . it a growing living organism inside of it feeding off the in the landscape . the seismic activity is the heartbeat growing every day . the face to be just that slowly being by tissue and growing into a face . once this thing is done forming it will continue to grow in size feeding off the planet itself and once there ' s nothing left to be it will probably take notice to the giant green and blue spinning feast right next door . we call him which when roughly from the old language the world eater . if my discovery is correct around the year he should be looking for his next meal this is a copy of a letter written by the guest in room of hotel who was discovered by police hanging from a rope in the closet where he had been for roughly a week before other of a putrid smell coming from his room . my name is and i am the owner of this hotel i am this because i get the feeling it s true and we could all be in danger . i have out any information in the of keeping anyone involved in this situation safe myself . my go out to for this weight he carried for so long and for the struggle that ended his time here on earth but if what he is true we all might not have much time left . my name is s . i found this letter in the storage room back some ago . back when i was a rookie . a you would call it . they caught the guy in the end sad little guy . what he did me for a long time . finally someone else . finally someone the beauty . a pat on the head a lovely life in worth . you ' re a happy hoppy puppy . you smell the buzzer bees and the flier and birdy and the wet rain and the dry sun and the cold grass tickling your barky belly . you walk around on your tiny tipsy puppy you play with all the other in the big . the is your home your whole world . you play and bumble around and then there is a time when he comes and he turns the into a and you go fast and run and later get back to the home you have many there that squeak around and smell hot in the bright warmth of the day as you smell your family the three other thick and nervous and strong . the king leader of the pack of the whole that is the whole of you like watered earth never wasting ambitious opportunity to search for in the ground and underground while with the curled skin snails and and in it and he to cut them out afterwards and them off whole in the hot damp time and is fast and strong and always eats as the first leaving you angry hungry hurly waiting while not daring to put your pouty puppy up for a strenuous sturdy then back as the pack leading king of the three of you . is sometimes gone some days . his skin is and lined and his back are always around his floppy . sometimes he comes and you and your to the other bigger place beyond the comfy . to the big place . you wonder then what is going on now but he you all back all blissful back in the end every time without doubt . you are safe and well and hippy hoppy happy . you see the is sometimes then a and run towards him as fast as your short sure puppy carry you . you smell familiar fainting of grease and grass sweet and a bit of his stinging scorching your . you jump and show him your love spreading your tiny non cutting about his dry yellow shirt . he your hairy head ! big good ! you want to play and jump up and up and up and up and up ! go on you ! come on let s play ! but he real bad mood . he you with his prowling paw like super bad . you howl and whine and howl and go down on the big green beneath your four . you can t comprehend for a super long time . he making nauseous . one day it sense bad dog ! bad dog was super evil a horror deep inside your that your sense and it out directly through your throat and over you rotten writhing to your little hopeful heart . when he them damn you feel all not lonely . but with time you figure what is good dog and what is bad dog . and when he where ' s my puppy ? you answer in run towards him like super fast run run run run run . one day not a seeming special day something super super bad . you get big and broad like super big and have no place in the warm shelter of the known secure scent with and and . and the water comes down from up and you sit and wait and your teeny tiny bubbly puppy body like the big in the ground all cold and watered wet and all strange and damp . and nothing . and then he comes . he the a and he " where ' s my puppy ? " and you run to him and he his hand on your head and you feel super warm in yourself deep inside eternal longing love . you are a boisterous big now and primal and comes now to you . red drink in a puddle beyond your . big scratch you and his other part in you and he comes and bad dog ! at touching him with his to make him hurt unhurting you . there is a time when he comes . he and you go out into the wide world out of the to the big vast super beautiful and all green glimmering in the big flowered familiar warmth from absolute above . there are working all around you learn to know the tender and in the smiling sky and over and he you all around and the lightning ball and in glorious glee get it puppy ! and you run run run run and catch it biting back to him . and one storming stingy flier your nosy nose and you wail in but he comes and you up and you home smelly stuff over it and the taint of air stays but the pain not only from your body but also from your mind . he care . he always care of everything and everyone and every other that might be . a pat on the head and every day is worth living . and he would wait until you make the thing where the water comes out of you and the big and put the string around you and lead you back to the . and one time he t do so and you fell all sleepy and woke up back in the and this was often and your furry skin would feel weird then . this went on long and your fluffy faunal funny life was good and well and your belly filled and your . then is a time he comes and he t put the vile strangling stringing thing around you to pull you but he goes and you walk after him on your big burly poppy puppy . and he you in in the home which all like his safe scent . it super many small and in the big home . and he you on the cushy place and your belly . you re my special puppy he the familiar friendly . and you understand them in your heart and feel them in your head . then he up on his two and goes somewhere else and you always besides him . you follow him you re an all adult doggy which up one paw at the time over many hard . he you in his which is now a and it all super good like him and he on a cushy cuddly place and you to him and hugging it all black . and this was super good . you live your cute cuddly cushy poppy puppy life and you live it good . you play with the in the and when it all is dark he you in and you a super good feeling . one day is gone . where did he go ? you miss him a lot and then not so much and suddenly you come to play a playful and there is but it is not him but other . he comes to you and his muzzle under your and you do the same and you like him super like and he you . and this to the too one day gone and someone like but not like and you love them all in the end . and sometimes you suddenly fall asleep and wake up and it s all as ever for super long as you remember . and all is good . then one day you hear nasty . you know its bad sorrow sound . you look through the and you hear more loud bad . you do your not good but super bad puppy bellow . and the do too . there you see . like him but ! and an ! you make real angry and put up all the skin up up up and your also straight up to the big blue ! the to you and to get you all back in a part of the as much like a clam in a can . a puppy is hit and the world goes dark and silent . you wake up there is light but no warmth . you re all alone with yourself with shivering weeping . no or . and no him . you feel insane by coldness and distance in the standing air thinking you will never smell love again or feel warmth . there are many and they prod you and whisper and scream and shout in the dead air smelling foul in nothing . and one final day there is a glittering needle a syringe of calm cold . it barely pricks your furry fuzzy skin and all black . this is the end . you re a happy hoppy peppy puppy no more and a life is over as the dog is put to sleep . this is the end . xb xb xb xb no pat on the head no day worth living . have syringes forgotten sometimes . they talk of freedom but you don t hear them . the was freedom all your were love and he was good . now you know . you know you wear clothes and you sit in a . you sit all day long all alone . the don t mind you much but the in the blue clothes are . you smell it . you sit all day because something was done with you so you will never stand on your no . you need to be fed like a wee little puppy because your no are short and you can t hold a bowl with a spoon . in the old life at least you ate by yourself and could and piss alone . now someone else cold metal under you and to look away in disgust or fear or shame as you go about your business . you don t know their but you feel their hate . now you know . you know you had a whole life stolen . a life that he took away . you know the people talk of the strange woman with teeth sharp and black as in a face like a around the inhuman . cut and a cut clasp so the tongue sticks out whipping with the wind . they made three small in the behind the old oak . they are unfilled but in there are all of and and . the for the countless you have known in a happy lifetime for your family . now you know that your family were and and german . you know what he done but a part of you always him . even today . all the time you just sit idle and dream of your life gone past . no pat on the head your life not worth living . you sit and dream of the days before the serpent came to the garden . i discovered the best friend i d ever have when i was old . i d been carelessly galloping around our newly acquired home when my mother had enthusiastically for me . i found a buddy for ya ! filled with excitement i towards my mother temporarily my exploration of the massive grounds . in her loving was what at first to be a small ash colored animal . after quickly grasping onto it i discovered that it was in fact a stuffed doll that a wolf . the toy had an enthusiastic expression into its rugged face with bright blue large plastic lining its grin and large which from its skull . its torso was long and slender with a large bow tie attached to its chest . it had oversized clawless and a massive bushy tail . wow mommy ! i love it thank you ! aw your welcome sweety . i found the little guy in the corner of your new bedroom . hope you like him ! with that my day had taken an entirely new path . i spent the rest of that day roaming the behind our new home as well as the and within it . as the sun to dip into the west i knew what time of day it was . dread filled my heart as my mother me towards my bedroom . now just like always go play and entertain yourself upstairs alright ? yes mommy . i have to talk with your father . i continued my fantastical within the of my bedroom digging as far deep into my mind as i could . the deafening honk of the door outside me but i strong to the fantasy world with my new friend . watch out ! the dragon . i got ya covered ! there was no bed . the bed was the only piece of land mass we had in phase of the massive scaled beast coming our way . smoke filled the air as it from its with each exhalation . the monster s scales were a bright emerald green with burning red like directly into mine . fear filled me as the monster grew closer but i was no coward . neither was . let s get him ! i drew my for the monster while drew his pair of battle axes heaving both of them at the beast s massive plated sternum . within the winged behemoth a final time as it crumpled to the ground motionless . we did it ! i was so ecstatic over my victory i could almost ignore the real battle being waged in the living room . the am i supposed to do to please your little retard caroline ? i earn the money around here ! do you earn the money around here ? huh ? ! ? if he love from his new daddy go buy him an ice cream with my money and tell him it s from me ya whiny bitch ! he s not my problem . . . please just eat your dinner and go to bed . you re drunk and you need some rest . the ogre on the other side of the door t relent . oh so now my point s invalid i had a little something to drink huh ? no i don t think it is within i d already returned back to the of the dragon s kingdom . to i him with the countless treasure we had taken now that the dragon was no more . look at all of these incredible i was cut off when the doll his head in my direction and at me . that t my name . my heart as i watched him speak . it s . his voice was scratchy and with clear contempt expressed through each word . it most certainly t the voice i d given him . and you are right ? i my head in agreement too to speak . that s cool bud . i have a question for you ? yeah ? that guy is a real jerk t he ? i guess so . i only seen him for the last nights and i already can tell i really don t like him . neither do i . i don t think your mommy him either . i again in agreement . so i have an idea for ya champ . why don t we just get rid of him ? simple right ? i guess so . the subtle tone of s voice although seemingly compassionate towards me was also on a level . even at age i could tell that he may had some sinister . how are we going to do that ? just listen champ and wait . we stood together at the edge of my door anxiously the of the kitchen . after what felt like an eternity of endless and furious banter my mother . i m going to bed . you just leave me and the hell alone for the evening ? was clearly exhausted at this point his speech becoming nothing more than a grumble . whatever can t believe i ever fell for a whiny whore like you . with those final of the drunken bastard i as my mother off to her room . after another was still ever present in the living room . his laughter through the household as he presumably spoke to someone on the phone . i unsure of what had . all i had was hope that the ogre would finally leave us be . alright i catch ya later . i m probably crash in a few . with that turned to me a disconcerting grin formed on his face . and action ! let s go champ . we carefully crept out of my room and the living area . despite my to be stealthy it t long before spotted me . the ogre turned his massive head towards me his face into a furious grimace . his couch had in my childish mind into a throne of . hey . what re ya doing out here ? t ya supposed to be in bed ? i was just hungry the voice of in my left here . . . . and ? . . . and i to talk to you . ugh what do you want ? i i said what the do you want ? now don t make me raise my voice you little or i wake your mother up and it be another bitch fest . would you like that ? no no what ? no sir good boy . now what do you want to talk about ? i don t like the way you treat my mother . i don t like the way you talk to me . oh i see so you want to move out ? you don t like it here with me ? well i tell you this . i don t like being here with you . but at some point in the last year i must found your hot and being the that i am got stuck with her off of my hard bread . now i d say you re more than welcome to move out but you re a year old brat . you can t go anywhere . but you don t have to be so mean ! oh so you give me even more attitude huh ? is that how it s be ? if you don t like the way i address you or your mother maybe you should both stop being such whiny in the ass ! i i m sorry sir . that s what i thought . see i like it when you show a little respect for the guy keeping you from or freezing to death . ya know instead of just because i m not as patient as the fantastical daddy you always . i m not your dad . accept that . also accept that my word is rule around here his monologue was interrupted by the loud shatter of glass . my were no longer staring at s menacing gaze but at . he was the remains of a jack bottle in his with the rest of it been scattered across the couch . in pain . within that moment i incredibly . part of me to flee and hide . another part of me to stop and actually help with the bloody gash on the back of his neck . however the dominant part of me forced me to casually lumber towards the wounded drunkard . what the is wrong with you you little ? ! ? my response to his inquiry was to snatch the fire poker . he to stand up but his drunken state and obese body made that difficult . what made it even harder was the fact that i had rushed at him and was now brutally pounding him with the fire poker . he and soon his of rage turned into sobbing for mercy . i t grant it to him . atta boy champ ! i could see in the corner of my eye his face now twisted into a mad expression of joy . his blue were insanely wide with excitement almost too large to be real . it was as if he was a cartoon character . my mind was racing with fury as i continued to pound and pound . soon i i was screaming out loud . i hate you ! i hate you ! i hate you ! it was only then that i stopped and let the poker drop to the floor as it slipped from my . immediately pouring down my face as i backed away . s expression completely reversed with his sadistic joy being by a look of frustration and disappointment . champ . champ ! you t finished was on the couch in a fetal position in agony . his hairy arms which he had used to shield himself were now covered in an assortment of and . as i turned around i saw my mother standing not behind me her ready to presumably call emergency . she was shaking rapidly her jaw nearly reaching the floor . did you do this ? he did ! your precious little brat nearly me ! ! ! are you ? do . . . i . . . look . . . like . . . i m . . . ? i m sorry i can t believe that f you both ! i m leaving ! somehow the ogre to clamber his and clumsy body out of the door snatching his along the way . my mother away the phone me off the floor and wrapped her arms around me . it s be sweetie it s be in the corner of my eye i watched gaze through the window intently watching what was about to happen . and this when you were correct ? yes sir . and this this doll he told you to do this ? yes sir . i see . it s you don t have to call me sir . i m your therapist not your boss . you can just call me . . so may i ask what else this doll told you to do ? he s me in a lot of ways . he s me deal with on the street and other people who get in my way . i see but the reason you re here is that you haven t necessarily been dealing with these unpleasant of yours in a healthy or reasonable way . i was growing readily anxious . sat with me supporting me as always . this guy s full of . he s just holding you back . he s just another ben another creepy hobo another another my companion slipped my favorite tool for dealing with inconvenient people into my right palm . i accepted it gladly . . . . and so i think our main goal here is going to be working on diplomacy and really finding out what the source of your anger and aggression is . i think you re a very intelligent and potentially very prosperous young man . you just need a little help finding your way to navigate through life . . . and ? and i think what we re going to need to do is perhaps remove the enabler for your more aggressive . i know this is hard for you but would you please hand me the doll ? up at me with a genuine look of terror onto his face . he to get rid of me . you you can t let him get rid of me ! remember champ i m here for you right ? now s your chance to really take initiative don t stop this time . you can t not for my sake . i picked up and handed him over to the shrink . as the shrink to tear away my best friend i took my opportunity . with a furious lunge i my knife straight through his palm it into the desk . you won t take from me ! you won t ! practically in agony and i as i twisted the knife . you sir are just getting in my way like everyone else with a lanky physique i may not have agile or athletic but i most certainly was . far than the chubby roadblock before me . never had the chance to reach for the phone because the knife and i were on him too quickly . his were cut no pun intended rather short and soon my business was finished . with my knife in one hand and s paw in the other we the office . i love you . thanks for giving me the strength to make my life better . " of course champ . " my drive home from work always was a reward for me . not only because i was freed from the laborious and grueling of my job and was able to rest and relax but also because i was to the most beautiful in the world . the in are truly unlike any other the vibrant colors envelop the above and pierce the sky . even as the sun from the horizon and the light those magnificent colors still glow brightly . as a i remember just sitting down on the trampoline in my and gazing in wonder at those . they me every time i set my on them and i would only be out of that trance once they had and the night took control of the sky . this particular evening i nearly trapped in my nostalgia and almost forgot i was driving . i quickly snapped my head back to the road in front of me and away from the siren like lull the sky . i to reflect on how life by so quickly and how the present moment can become only a memory . nostalgia always put me into a dull sad and wistful mood it made me so melancholy to think that the simple that life had to offer can soon be forgotten and by that in the moment seem critical and urgent but really have very little meaning . by the time you figure the truth out so much time already been wasted and you look back with yearning just to return to those previous to spend time the you now know you should not have taken for . i had once made a commitment to myself early on in my life that i would do my best to live with no and because i had not been doing so well with myself on that self made promise i decided i was going to do something about it . normally when i would return home from work i would change out of my clothes make myself a healthy dinner and then recline on my couch and either watch my favorite or just listen to music . if it had been a particularly stressful day i would meditate in silence afterwards . today had been another run of the mill sort of day but instead of watching i took a chair outside to my and sat down to resume gazing upon the colors of the sunset . i would go back inside to eat once night had fallen but for now i would simply sit and take in the scenery . far off in the distance i could see the of the city try in vain to penetrate the atmosphere and boast the work of man s but they were nothing in comparison to the beauty and wonder that nature had made . after a while i to reflect on my life and what i was doing with it if i was happy where i was and if i was really trying to get where i to be . sure i could enjoy life s fleeting and momentarily bask in their dim of happiness but they would never fulfill me with true meaning . i was stuck in a career that most of my time and me from my and this was beginning to take its toll on me . i when life was easier when all i had to worry about was surviving high school all of its work and hanging out with my . with in our we had to out less and less and that worried me . i felt very alone in that moment but then i myself that i had gone out to simply appreciate the sunset and not dwell on my life s . scolding myself i immediately all of my negative and took a deep breath and myself in the chair . this time as i upon the setting sun i only felt peace and contentment . despite feeling lonely i still took pleasure in spending time by myself in silence . i had grown up in a rather loud and chaotic home so over time my craving for peace and quiet would grow exponentially . i t by any a hermit but after a full day of being around people it was refreshing to get away from everyone and everything . at times i would hear the faint of running around and laughing in the neighborhood streets far from me but it was quiet enough that i unbothered . a light breeze the around me and gently brushed against my face . this is true peace i thought to myself . i need to do this more often . suddenly out of the corner of my eye i some strange off in the distance . they were very small and faint but they enough against the colors of the that i was able to notice them . they blinked a few times and then . they re probably just reflecting sunlight i thought . i continued to sit in my chair and watch the colors of the sky begin to change but again i those . this time they were closer . still the thought that the source of the was i to examine them any further . it t until they closer than ever and came directly into my field of view that i was able to clearly see without any doubt that the were certainly not . i also that the were in a hexagonal shape and there t anything i could think of that this description . had its fair share of the most notable one being the phoenix . i figured that this was probably some new weather device or some new reconnaissance aircraft the military was testing . either way i was not too alarmed about seeing it . the continued to blink and disappear then blink and disappear again each time coming closer into my field of view . the blinked and as they had normally done but then they to reappear . i thought that this was odd considering that aircraft don t normally turn off their so high up in the air . i was no aviation expert but this definitely very suspicious . the sky to darken and i checked my watch to see how long i had been out . it was now but the sun t fully set until about . i to feel very uneasy and that feeling only as i that the sky had to a deep crimson red . all the other colors of the sky orange yellow and pink had completely . something was definitely wrong . first there were the strange and now the sky had turned deep red . i felt run across my skin as the breeze brushed past me again . i t feel safe outside so got up out of my chair and towards my house . right as i underneath the part of the roof that covered the porch i was violently flung up to the ceiling . it with such speed that i had no time to brace myself or register what was happening until after i had onto the roof . i could have broken one or several or gotten a concussion but fortunately i landed on my back even though it still was incredibly painful and my heart nearly a beat . i let out a cry of both pain and shock and after a few of i finally that i was in fact stuck on my roof . my first thought was that someone had snuck up behind me and had me up as hard as possible . i braced myself to fall down but that t happen . suddenly confusion and fear took hold of my mind . my heart already beating intensely to pound and throb against my as if it were trying to escape . i t feel pinned or restricted like i was bound by invisible it was as if gravity had itself . slowly and carefully i sat up while completely upside down and came to the impossible realization that the ground had become the new ceiling and the ceiling was now the ground . i t understand how this was happening or how it made even a shred of logical sense but it was really happening as i watched and experienced it . all of this sped through my mind in only a matter of and i turned my head to see if anyone else had fallen victim to this reversion of gravity . my mouth open in sheer terror as i the inexplicable unfold before me . i the violent and relentless of of people being sent to their death before i saw them . if not of of people were now falling upwards . in the distance off in the city i saw many more people being thrown mercilessly towards the atmosphere their and of panic penetrating my very soul . the whole scene before me hellish in nature the sky had turned an even and shade of crimson while maybe millions of people now composed a chorus of blood chilling that completely filled the air . they all fell so quickly and only continued gaining speed as they fell up to the and through them most likely up and out of the earth s atmosphere . i to think of the horrible death they were about to suffer . not only were people falling up but and even some were now falling off the very face of the earth . the fearful and of and dogs the choir of poor who were now condemned to a horrific and incomprehensible fate . it all was happening so fast before my that i barely even took time to think about who was doing this or how it was happening . i knew that this could not be real that there was no way that this could ever be possible . and even if it was who could be so cruel and vile as to break the law of gravity and send so many people to their terrible ? fear confusion and gut sorrow now filled my mind and all i could do was think how much i to help them and save at least a few of them but i t . i would only join them in their demise . i hoped that some people had to find something to hold onto or like me had in their or other to avoid this event . over the wall in the neighborhood next to mine i saw more unfortunate people thrown upwards . some had found a mailbox or tree to hold onto but were unable to keep a good grip and were sent to the sky . the whole world it had been thrown into such unfathomable commotion in an instant . i what could be the source of all this was this the rapture ? was this some sick government testing experiment ? was it a mass alien abduction or perhaps a prelude to invasion ? at this point in time any of these could have been the reason . just as suddenly as this traumatic event had it was over . no more people or were falling upwards . an eerie and uncomfortable silence to replace the previous mass of deafening and hysterical . it was odd and out of place and to me it even more terrifying . after a few i was hurled forward and fell to the ground once again landing on my back . i in pain again but to stand up and survey my surroundings . the sky was still red but it was slowly turning to black as night to approach . all the commotion of life that had once the city was with dreadful silence . no were and laughing no driving no chirping everything was gone . it was like a completely desolate ghost town . i decided to go check on my and see if anyone had been seriously injured . other people who had been fortunate enough to stay in their carefully walking outside and talking to each other . some were crying were most likely in shock and unable to speak and had calling or their and family to see if they were . after finding out that there had been no major physical i to my house and my and to tell them what had . i was left both and confused from their all of them had no idea what i was talking about . i if they had seen anything strange or if they had seen a red sky but they all t know what i was talking about . all of them were living in different so i to think that whatever had only had affected the city where i lived . i was sort of relieved that no other had been lost but still felt sorrowful for all the who had met an unfortunate and awful end . one of my me over to see something . apparently he had been able to capture a video of the event even though he had been stuck to the ceiling . after he had the video where we could watch it i something that i had not seen before and i wish i had not seen it . just above the barely noticeable at all was an outline nearly the size of the whole city of a hexagon . i lived on this island for a long time . i here when i was after my dad got by some new start up . you hear a lot about how are so sad about moving far away and to start over . i t really mind . living at the beach felt like i was always on vacation . the novelty never really wore off for me . i d spend any spare moment at the . i still do . i d build dig for sand or sometimes i d just sit and watch the water . the were captivating still are really as hack as that may sound . i spend my lunch in front of the water a bit while sitting in the chair i keep in my trunk . this was a life i truly . last summer though . i make an effort to get out to the water everyday . it was a my plan was to just enjoy the and figure out what to spend this month s audible credit on . it was overcast but growing dark fast . rain was in the forecast . i figured i d just run to the car when it to drizzle . i t really have a chance though . it was dry one moment and suddenly the sky up . the downpour was heavy and the rain hit hard almost beating on my head and . i my phone in my pocket and folded up my chair as i to sprint to the car . i on an uneven patch of sand and fell forward . my chair wedged into the sand and my chin cracked into the armrest . my teeth struck together hard . i lay for a moment composure and a headache quickly when i saw it . i my head and saw him in the distance . i squinted my trying to see past the rain . from the water i could see a man s head sitting on the water . my heart sank into my stomach i thought i had discovered a dead body or a head . this is when i it was moving toward land moving in my direction at a steady rate . soon i could see his his chest . he was wearing a white button up shirt rolled up . soon i would see his waist his . the man out of the dressed in casual business wear and effortlessly walking through the . he shook his head like a dog shaking water from its fur . he down at his then at me . i lay still in shock . we studied each other for a moment . he slowly a hand and waved . i solemnly . we locked and time to stop . suddenly he walking in my direction moving at a quick purposeful pace . i trying to get up but found myself weighed down in the wet sand . he was close . i braced myself for whatever was about to occur . would he drag me to sea ? rip me to ? the man past me . he the and turned back . the rain was still pounding down . he to be looking at me . he rolled his and out of sight . i quickly stood up and ran toward the . i could see the man running into town . i quickly lost sight of him . i t see the man from the beach for a long time . i tried to forget what i saw . it was an oddity yes but it could ' just been a man caught in the storm during a swim . i would lay sleepless in bed for afterward trying to convince myself to believe that thought . later at the library our crossed again . he saw me from across the room . i the book i was holding . i trying to pick it up when i he had a little girl with him . he down whispering something . she and away . the man from the beach toward me . i froze my chest grew tight my breathing short and labored . he stood before me and . i my book and a hesitant greeting slipped through my h hello . the man from the beach extended his hand for a shake . he it for a moment still smiling . my were locked tight around my book . his hand to my shoulder and he it tight . he gently me toward him still smiling . a simple threat slipped through his optic white teeth tell no one . " welcome back ! last time i about my first year if you have no clue what i m talking about here s where you should start and if you re lost along the way here s where to this week was the first week of camp and oh boy were rough . day staff woke up bright and early this morning to get everything ready for the to arrive . this week i d be in the whispering with the eleven year . i made my bed and my spot before going to the mess hall for the last breakfast without the . i have to mention now well i said i was the head counselor in my first story i m not this year i m just one of the older who more important . onto what the rest of the morning was uneventful just setting up the for to put their stuff . the first bad omen was when a wheel from one of the came off and rolled into a ditch with a dead squirrel in it . that t feel right something bad . at about in the afternoon the first we made sure all their and made their way to the and the to their . i headed back to whispering to meet the after everything was done in the front pavilion . then i there were of and all over the and ground throughout the whole . then a huge gust of wind past and all the running through the campfire circle and out of the and and into the . they the ground of wet leaves and garbage . then after the wave of small some and even deer ran past me and towards the . i turned to see where they had come from but it was only a small forest until the large open field where the pavilion sat . which the deer and had most likely come from other of the forest or the field . hello ! i a singsongy voice call . i turned and saw a camper skip by in a short pink dress and matching bow . she up the of the deck and into her tent . this was the same area the three had been found my first year so the same as mine but raised on wooden . the rest of the day similar to my first year . all the at the site and so did my fellow . we sat around an unlit fire pit and ourselves . the i d been paired with were cherry and raven . there was only in the group the program was water ways we d be doing all of water and swimming related all week . the kitty grace jazz carry tammy and jenny were all between and . they d been spilt up in the into three three and four . another strong gust of wind past and i was another wave of but nothing came . we made our way to the mess hall after everyone and went to the two tables in the back whispering and split into two tables of five . i was so tired by the end of the night i fell asleep before my head hit the the first thing i woke up to this morning was the the sound of scratching at the tent flap . i assumed it was some sort of animal but when i went to scare it off i was met face to face with a goat man . there are several of these in the most are completely harmless just scare the out of ya when you see them prancing in the . this one was more than i did his were wide and dark staring at me get out ! i get ! the goat man off and into the where there was a few . i at my watch and it was almost am i to wake the to get ready for the polar bear plunge . what s that ? you may ask well it s a tradition at wood haven to do swim classes free swim in the morning when it s cold . normally this is a choice can do it if they want to but because this water ways program is about swimming the have to participate . i around to wake the up for the activity when i was stopped . there s a being that around the camp and on the similar to the man with the skull cup the woman with no mouth . she stopped me before i could get to the first tent . she can talk she just t have a mouth . this is a bad week you must watch out . she said . she was shaking i knew this was bad she t get easily . i watched the woman with no mouth scare off one of the mad goat men without hesitation . she away from me and off slowly cane crunching the leaves . i could see her around watching me for the rest of the day she like she was just passing by but don t be . while i was watching the in the pool for polar bear she was walking out of the path that to the bourse . while we were eating breakfast in the mess hall she was passing by down the path . when we were walking down to the creek she was standing between two watching . speaking of the creek we split into two raven took the that to go to the pool and cherry and i too the who to look for crayfish and down by the creek . while we were wading in the water i a scream from the shore . i around and say kitty with a small crayfish on her finger . i quickly removed the crustacean from her finger gave a and the bow on her head . as i turned around and back to the creek i a yelp and splashing . cherry and down and arms as she around . cherry to get grace s head above water but her were still being down into the water . everyone get out of the water ! i and the sound of splashing as the ran to the shore and out of the pond area . i knew this had to be a they live in the creek and around the area trying to trick the and to drown them . i down to where the sea grass had been wrapped around grace s ankle and cut them with my pocket knife . i to cut them all off and grab her . cherry and i got her to the shore thankfully she was breathing her t open but she was breathing . i back at the creek and say two emerge from the . i carry grace you make sure all the get back to the field . i said to cherry . she and turned to the other and they speed walking down towards the . i put grace on my back and the rest of the group . we made it to a bend in the path and i back and saw the standing at the edge of the water . we made it to the main field and went to the pool for the rest of the afternoon . there s a reason the we were in is whispering at night you can hear from the forest . they are the black that stay at the edge of the and wait . at night they speak in when you re in your tent they sound like someone just outside your tent calling you . i the about this i made sure they knew to not leave their in the morning until i came to wake them up . that night i was up reading up till i was tired when i the in the telling me to go back to the creek . i knew not to listen i put in my ear as to not hear them but i i had that feeling that i to listen . i t i went to sleep and t let the bother me . day not much today we took the to the creek no one thank god . thought two ended up in the ice world during the shower . i a yelp and then complete silence from shower then a second later went silent . go wait at shower do not go in . i whispered to raven they and towards curtain . i went over to and outside . there t much we could do just hope they the and stayed quiet . after a few i could see steam coming from shower again and she to talk . she said later she t even hear the being outside no not in the snow nothing it just took awhile for her to return . but t i through the whole time in the shower house silence from behind the curtain . everyone else finished their got dressed and raven and cherry took them off to dinner . after half an hour of silence i spoke . ? are you there ? . the only sound that came back from it was the sound of blowing wind and snow . i knew what i had to do i to go in and get her . i my from my bag by the door and stepped in . i was met with a face full of snow and ice and wind blowing rapidly . i took a minute to breathing the cold air before opening the curtain to the icy tundra . i a trail of small flip flop leading away and to the left of the shower stall . i them only a short distance until i saw her pale form shivering in the frost . brown skin was almost as white as the snow . then i it heavy breathing a behind me . i turned and say the being a huge man taller and than any human behind me . ! i but the sound was lost to the wind . i ran up to her and her it s it s me eclipse ! you re . i m taking you home . the man was getting closer in my arms . i her and ran to the curtain tearing the curtain out of the frost the freezing water my back . the water slowly warmed back up and the frost . are you ? y . . ye . . yeah she . i m going to let you finish your shower and get fully dressed i will wait right out here . i told her before stepping out . she ended her shower quickly and only a few later . i m sorry i know i t have done that . she said it s . i told her just stay in the shower next time this . i watched as she her i m going to take you to the station just so they can check everything out before you can get something to eat . and that was was fine a bit of frostbite on her but nothing too serious . we got to the mess hall late though so ended up eating leftover cereal in the back of the kitchen for dinner . day it today hard . and as i said before lots of especially dangerous come out in the rain . there was no polar bear plunge because of the rain sadly . the pool was closed all day and the creek was definitely overflowing so i had to make a new plan for the day . i knew we should spend the day out in the big like i said the are dangerous but they are especially dangerous in the rain . i my tent flap to survey the area it was only a drizzle now but the forecast for the day said it would only get harder . then i something at the tree line was standing facing the as i got closer i could hear her mumbling . ? are you ? she turned around yeah i thought i something in the forest . well there s nothing there i lied i need you to go back to your tent and get dressed and put some on . o . . she . i her back to her tent and woke up the two other inside then i went around and got the rest of the group up . as we left the to go to breakfast i saw the woman with no mouth stop another counselor in den . right before i away the woman turned and at me . during breakfast a crow into the window next to me . that t a good sign . i to the other two water ways and we decided we would do the slip n slide in the grassy field . who said you can t have fun and get dirty at the same time . i was the large three slip n slide when i it a and a goat man standing at the tree line . the rain to beat down harder i could barely see them through the but i did see them turn and walk back into the dark . the slip n sliding went well there was only a brush burn when on a slide that t have a hose hooked up to it . for the remainder of the day i saw the standing at the tree line . the next day the creek on the schedule so we have to be careful . that night while we were standing in the pavilion there was a crack of thunder so we rushed the back to whispering making sure everyone was in their before cherry raven and i went to our own . the in the were than they ever were . it was hard to fall asleep that night . day the first thing on schedule was to go to the creek i told everyone to be cautious and i told cherry and raven if there was any sign of the we were to get out of the river immediately and go to the pool . we made it down to the same spot i went to my very first year . we made it down there no problem but it felt like there was something on my back the whole time i kept turning around but there t be anything behind me . on the walk back however we saw one a tall on the edge of the forest . everyone let s get out of the water ! i told the raven lifting the out of the water before climbing out . i out next cherry s hand to pull her out right as the got to the tree line on the other side of the creek . we rushed the to the path and back past the horse and out to the field next to the pool . i knew we t go back there . we had a few but the decided they to do some team building in the . we were on a climbing activity when i spotted a silencer pass by in the thick beyond the team building course . the are solid black they look like but there s no color . the only noise they make is the talking you hear at night . as we made out way to the mess hall for lunch the saw the tree house and to see it i told them when we finished lunch we would go . well after lunch we up to the tree house through the woodland area instead of the path just for fun . we stopped at a small area with the chapel . as soon as i the threshold the world went quiet the stopped chirping whatever was howling in the distance stopped . the only were our breathing the leaves on the ground crunching and ringing in my . then i saw it a dead rabbit in the fire ring . it freshly with some sort wooded stake . we need to get out of here . i said what ? raven out of the forest . now ! i now ! run ! the cherry raven and i down the slope i was nearly out of breath when i saw the first cabin of the campground . we stopped at the fire circle to take a break and make sure everyone was there . someone was missing tammy t here . i again there was still only . i turned to raven and said take the to the pavilion we stay there for the rest of the day i m going to get tammy . i turned back to the making sure my back pack was secure and i up the hill . i made it back to the chapel in there was the holding tammy . give her back ! i . the back . i ran up and tammy them towards me . the my shirt and me in before growling she smelled like rotting fish . i her stomach and the fell back her head on a bench . i and onto tammy as a ran down the hill and back to the main camp . i t stop running until i was at the pavilion . we stayed there for the rest of the day . and once dinner was over we had the end of week ceremony and wish log fire which was nice and no more for the rest of the stay . day friday was the last day of week one and it turned out to be the best day even if it was the day the left . it in the morning but it t bad it was sunny after breakfast and for the rest of the day . after breakfast the up all their stuff . we some of duck duck goose and hung out in the main field and the pavilion . and then came to pick up their i m not go into that because it was very boring . there are plenty of to come and the will be back i just know it . as well as the and . i believe the woman with no mouth when she this was a bad week this summer a lot to come . at least no one . looking for the next story ? check i was twelve old i had a box turtle my had gotten for me as an early birthday present . they had ordered it from some science and i came to name it rex . i choose rex because all he would eat was whatever i would find in the or sometimes my dad would take me to the local bait shop where we ' d stock up on to keep in a separate aquarium . noisy as hell but it did the trick . it like every moment i had i ' d spend with rex . whether just watching him in his aquarium reading about box in whatever book i could find or taking him outside and watching him tear around in our . it was the beginning of summer and he to love being in the sun . we had a large in yard that bordered a small forest so i t too worried about him or snatching him up . but i kept a close eye on him none the less . i think back now to the day it . it still through me even as an adult . i should ' better attention that day . the day he was taken from me . it out pretty much like any other day . the sun was bright and the temperature perfect . i had decided to let rex run loose in the for a while before dinner time . i sat him down on the grass and watched as he slowly from his shell and made his way towards the part of the fence that bordered the forest . i had to walk towards him when my me from the back door . she had to cancel our original dinner as my dad would be getting home from work later and she to know if i felt like up some sub for the two of us from the local . this conservation continued a few longer and then i turned my attention back to rex . now from where i was standing at the time i could usually spot rex by the fence if he was moving or sticking his head out . i had done this several times before but now after about fifteen of scanning i still t see him . i to get a little anxious but it t full blown panic since we did have a fence . with a pace i made my way to the spot where i ' d seen him last . there was no sign of him . that sense of anxiety to grow into panic as i wildly the fence back and forth . after several both ways my finally landed on what like a pair of tiny sticking up out of a shell in the far corner of the yard . now fully out i over and confirmed what my had seen . rex to have into a small hole in the ground and was stuck about halfway in . his body was almost completely vertical with his thrashing about wildly . this hole had never been here before . i down and him as best as i could with both . it was difficult to get a solid grip on his shell but once i felt like i could i tried to pull him out of the hole . but almost immediately as i to pull up i felt resistance . he t budge so i tried again but it felt like he was stuck . it t make sense . still holding onto rex it was then i felt something new . he to slip from my grasp . i could feel tugging and my arms to move slowly downward . i quickly my stance and initially to maintain my hold on him . but after a few i to and the opposing force with everything my twelve year old body could muster . but whatever had rex forced me down to one knee just above the hole and i was forced to let go with one hand as he slid in even further . i remember that was the moment i truly and i to scream as loud as i could for help . i out to my mother to any of my someone would hear me . but in the end no one came and i was alone . still not wanting to give in i on as my other hand was down with rex into the hole . i to feel a sudden warmth overcome my hand along with something wet . i felt pressure and needle like pain . after a few more desperate of struggling i felt rex finally slip from my and i reflexively my hand out of the hole . i fell backward landing hard on the ground . i my hand up to my face revealing it covered in what like of tiny that to bleed . much of my hand and wrist were also covered in a thick mucus that slowly off . i laid there on the ground for what like more than a few . my whole right hand hurt and i to cry . rex was gone and there t a thing i could do . i t even hear my mother calling for me to come in for dinner . eventually she had to come outside to find me when she to worry when i t show . she saw my hand and my tear face and me repeatedly what the hell . all i could do was look up at her and say nothing as i continued to cry . she told me later that all i said was that " a monster had taken rex . " the next day i t even bother getting up until noon . i was still an emotional mess . my and dad both tried me again what and i think i said something about a wild animal getting him . i mean that was somewhat a truth . something did get him . something that had lots of teeth . something that had left a out turtle shell in my . just a few from a freshly filled in hole . you re so predictable kat . i knew you d find yourself here on this particular floor . for my tardiness to this reunion i been cleaning up a rather large mess you left while here . my skin as spoke he filled me with the opposite of the warmth did . the world cold and hopeless . is everyone up there ! ? i desperately that my stunt with the lift t hurt anyone . all but one . smiling wryly . t you going to thank me ? yet another disaster up by yours truly . it could been a lot worse . my heart sank as i went through a of in my mind . it was like i was being told off . i was about to ask who got hurt but i t find the in time before the into a bitter row . let them go home they learned their lesson they won t look for me again . firmly . are you some kind of idiot . retorted rolling his . all the chaos this girl and you think i m going to just let her head back up there to cause more . . . when she bought such a beautiful gift . he took a few towards gazing in wonder and stepped in front of her . you t coming anywhere near her . he at his brother through teeth . what is she ? he stopped moving and directed his question at me . i m a girl and my name is . she from behind defiantly poking her out to the side . she was audibly at being to as a what . i m sorry ! it s great to meet you . he edged a little closer again and got down to void level just like had not long ago . there was no instant connection this time though just a twisted fascination in his . he spoke as if she t even there . exquisite . she s natural . of course she is . stepping back as he continued to guard the little girl . nothing you mess with works out very well does it ? that on your definition . your all out pretty poorly don t you think little brother ? he snapped back . what are you talking about ? i confused . i had no idea what they meant by natural or what they were over . in fact i had personally always found s demonic appearance quite unnatural myself . maniacally as at the floor . the sibling dynamic was so visible you could see being put into a place of little brother trying to hide behind the peak of his flat cap . regardless he valiantly continued to shield . finally stood up and me directly again . he t told you anything he ? about this place about how it out you could barely imagine . he around him as he to the building below that we had been trapped in and continued . you have no idea of the power this land . the power it to people who stay . ever wonder how prudence to throw a fully grown man off a balcony and chase you up all those at her age ? or why prentice becomes that other thing ? or why me and my lovely brother here t long dead ? they re just all too stupid to notice . they have no idea what s right beneath them . they won t ever the potential . my mind reeled at his maybe the building really could change its . to be honest i spent more time than i d like to admit wondering how i t found it easier to escape i was permanently scarred from the altercation after all . despite my contempt for i that what he was saying made sense . i noted the he . all of them had spent in the building . it t a far stretch at all to believe that it could irreparably them somehow . there were that i could think of however that had been there just as long and as normal as you or me all the hurt my mind . i a yelp and some pained and turned to flat where was frantically trying to wrench herself up off the floor . every time she got close another bone would crack and her jaw would edge slightly lower . blood from the wounds . just let them go . this is pointless . tried to interrupt to keep moving . i t let him . looking at my friend being tortured by her own body had only made me angry again . no ! what do you mean she s natural ? i at him curiosity about their conversation getting the better of me . spoke as smugly in the background . kat . . . we can do . it t just end with an extended life we can manipulate some of the people and that pass through here . that s why i was able to give prudence the way to get back . it s why those listen to me . pointed at before . he gave that cult the ability to burn the whole floor with their . . . and i gave the that new life as the . since he left to stay down here he s been messing around with anyone and anything he can get his on . i tried to stop it over the but . . . i don t always manage . those people you dealt with on the floor below the basement . . . they were all his . those poor people were once upstairs that ended up here by mistake . fifty worth . t let him continue . he was with the need to gloat . i t say they ! they re all beautifully grim . i thought you were a fan of giving new life little brother . there was little to no feeling in his voice . his sharp tone and dusty suit made him almost like a amalgamation of every villain . except in the villain t win and looking at writhing in pain on the floor of not her doorway had won already . stayed silent i could see he felt guilty for even being associated . he just at me in desperation . i tried to fathom what they were saying . so . . . was unnatural ? i timidly taking in the inference that his monster form had been nothing more than a of s power . just another twisted experiment like the people whose rang in my . i if he had felt pain like they did . into laughter and once again clapped . there s that intelligence i about you when we first met ! it s in there girl ! now you get it can you explain to me where your little friend came from ? his were but he t hide his curiosity . he took another few towards as stood bravely in front of her . it s not often i find one i m unaware of . i don t know how i her . especially when she was able to do so much damage to my other . you should seen what she did to one of the pair that inhabit the lift . i have to have her . a clawed hand forward and aside with such force that he was taken off his . she just as she had with the rat and the people . but stayed stoic as his face filled with joy . you re mean ! she at him . my heart melted a little that she thought that those two were fitting for the situation if only were as simple as they are in the mind of a seven year old . to his and watched closely in awe of s blind courage . once again to his to face her . she stood defiantly her fixed on his cold . he to reach his hand out towards her . she softly in response . no ! i . of her in front of my filled my mind . i t let him touch her . i to run towards them but me and me in place as he whispered in my muffled ear . he won t hurt her but he will hurt you . i at his hand and despite my discomfort . i thought back to the article about s son s death and for the first time i t sure i . how could i know for sure that he t hurt her ? i was ready to jump forward and throw out of the way at any point . stopped just short of s face his hovering in front of the deep black . his were filled with wonder the expression on his face was how i must have the first time i saw her too . it t just you is it ? he mused . a smile across his face . there s two of you . i should been alarmed worried that he had she was a twin . i should how he knew but at this stage semantics were pointless . instead his lack of knowledge about s existence filled me with relief that he t been upstairs . if he had t have been so fascinated by his sister . t like you either . she said bluntly breaking the magic in his . before i could make a single move had leapt across the room and got between them again . let them go . said calmly one more time . they don t belong down here . i m finding it hard to believe that she t come from down here . and i that one . . his head in my direction a fate just like hers . he pointed at who had bloodied red running down her face as she on the floor . i watched the jagged edge of her snapped thigh bone scrape against the carpet it further out of her skin and i hard . t respond to his brother instead he s clawed hand and her towards s flat . what are you doing ? ! cried out in a condescending fashion scrambling up from his and following . i t bare to see him get closer . an anger inside me and the entire floor went dead silent . all noise was by a deep mental of the of the people . i thought of all the suffering the landlord had and watched as he edged towards that pure innocent demonic little girl . and i saw red . i at him and threw myself forwards tackling him to the floor from behind . raising a fist i him hard in the face . i had never hit anyone like that before i d never felt the red mist that those who get angry describe until that moment . i t sure what i thought my interference would do i knew that i t going to be able to kill him and that i probably t be able to do any damage at all but had saved me so many times already that night that i t let him get to her . s cold dead looking bore into my soul and he let out a joyless giggle as he me to the ground so that he had the upper hand . he his hand over my face just like he had pinning me down with the other . i if it was the last thing his son had seen before he before the torture all of them . had this been it ? could the last real memory they had be those cold . i prepared to die . since moving into the tower block it was something that i d done more than most but this time felt permanent . everything but went black . i my shut tightly and tried to think of the i to remember the people upstairs that had become family to me . death never came instead i felt a crushing and release as someone from above me and threw him against the wall . i sat up panting in shock that i was alive . i was and my continued to ring . i my . the artificial light to penetrate the black and all i could see was s tweed flat cap on the floor beside me . my heart stopped . the next sound i was familiar but somehow bigger than ever before . i blinked a few times to see raised menacingly in the air roaring at who had been by his brother and had in turn him . she was much taller and than usual a gigantic figure towering above all of us and her human that came through the demonic were greatly reduced . if i t love her so dearly i would be to describe her as terrifying and monstrous . took his attention away from a smug and slimy smile forming ear to ear as he at the giant girl . he towards her in a trance like state . her mouth as she stood above with her revealing long teeth with prominent in the front . somehow her for infinitely . then she bit him . her sharp pierced s skull sending blood and brain matter spattering across the corridor and all over me and . she t stop there ravenously she laid into him with her teeth pinning him up to the wall with foot long by his . she had as good as crucified him and was consuming . bone and organ the floor and and what was left of as she . i watched in horror and awe . a symphony of screaming growling and crunching breaking through my muffled hearing . when he stopped moving and what slid down the wall leaving a trail of blood s size reduced as well almost instantaneously . neither me nor had any as the now little again demonic girl stood beside a corpse of her making . she ran towards with her arms bloodied mouth and him . he her tightly his kindly filled with the shock of what he d just . after a minute or so she broke from and turned to me and me up before doing the same . it felt good . to know that she was safe . she stopped hugging and stood facing us both before speaking facing the ground . he was going to hurt us all . the next march of a former imperial soldier was discovered by accident in . he had been among the at island in the during the second world war and had along with a small band of when the allies had overrun and the island . he and his small band of fanatically loyal continued fighting guerrilla tactics for . one by one s men were leaving alone to carry on the fight until he was relieved of duty by a man who had once been his superior officer . he is considered by many to be the last holdout of the old imperial military . old and of the second world war still haunt the earth . the of torture and the of the unit are mostly public knowledge . but the public at large does not know of the following information unit is still active . unit was or rather is an imperial chemical and biological experimentation unit . during the second world war they carried out gruesome and inhuman on and and allied of war . the unit routinely on the effects and chemical had on the human body killing untold in the process . in an wild eyed naked and elderly man out of the forest at and turned himself into . he told the chilling of a compound deep in the jungle of faceless in of bloodstained and and of nameless kept in . most considered the man to be a senile veteran of the war yet word of the man an three letter agency . we picked him up from a police station on the island no one would argue with our and loaded him in a nondescript military transport plane en route to the . once back in the the interrogation . the man could not recall his name . he stated he was and into service by imperial japan when they in . he stated he was fourteen old when it . that put his age at an impossible old . he was forced to fight and kill his own people in . but on one occasion when he was ordered to cut a baby from the womb of a live woman he . his commanding officer carried out the order himself and immediately sent the man to for indoctrination training . he was stuffed into an old and cargo ship along side of his . stripped naked and like cattle they spent and unknown amount of time in the darkness of the cargo hold surviving on bread and stagnant water into the hold perhaps once a day . finally the cargo hold and they onto an island . they were to a castle . there a high officer them to what he the indoctrination camp . he told them they would soon be made into wondrous that would be instrumental in expanding the glory of the empire . they were then around the castle to a bunker . once inside they were loaded onto an elevator which went deep under the castle . they were forced into manual labor of of . many of hunger thirst disease and mining . those who were quickly by new of indoctrination . those who unusual resilience were brought into the for further training . the man was one such survivor . they brought him to a dimly lit chamber into the rock . a was into the center several and lined the . he was picked up and into the by the . they strapped him down and left the room . the man was left alone with nothing but of agony from elsewhere in the to keep him company . several later a man in medical paraphernalia . he himself as the man who would turn him into a weapon . with that the . day after day they he through . on many he was with unknown and . one made his skin turn dark red and loose like velvet over his skeletal frame . one made his burn as if he had a fire within . one made him unable to sleep for but also took away his ability to feel hunger and thirst . but none of the effects were seemingly permanent . one experiment included another test subject . they had metal wired to strange driven into their the doctor then both of the two men s arms . the doctor then slashed and the other arms which had previously to the man sitting before us . he felt all of it . between and the man was kept in an x cell . he was fed a meal of maggoty bread and water once a day . he often saw leading other test to and from . he told us he saw a man with two fully attached at the neck . he saw one who had the upper body of another man conjoined to his back . with every step the subject took the torso would scream and wail . he saw a subject who had been skinned from head to toe and yet continued to live . he saw one who had his abdomen removed and with a machine . he saw it all . and he lived through all . he the day the went missing . on that day he a thunderous cacophony of and . the war had finally come to . he had no knowledge of the war and so for he to the battle rage above him unsure if he would be or set free . but eventually the battle yet the continued . the were gone yet the and along with one high officer . the man had no sense of time beyond the and his single daily meal . it all continued for . he watched as the and the officer aged . their hair turned grey then white . their skin wrinkled and . their and more hesitant . yet on and on the and continued . one injection came in the form of a bright indigo fluid . as soon as the plunger was depressed the and tingling . his vision more and sharp than it had ever been in his life . his and strained underneath his skin . the tingling in his and a burn . he felt as if something was crawling beneath his skin . it unbearable . he spat out of blood . and finally it was over . he out on the table . he awoke in his cell . something came over him in his cell that day . he stood up and the of his cell door . despite his torture and malnourishment the came easily to him . in one swift fluid motion he the cell door off its and into the . he ran by a passing scientist and him into the tunnel wall with such force that he the sickening squelch of his cranium . he ran on and on until he the elevator that had brought him down to those hellish all those ago . standing before the elevator was the officer with his sidearm towards the man . the man for a split second . the officer fired his . the man felt a tug as the round make contact with his left shoulder . with a furious scream the man lunged at the officer . he the officer by the neck and him into the air . he felt no pain no hunger no exhaustion . all he felt was rage and fury . with his other hand he the shoulder and . with a sound similar to ripping a wet towel he saw the head separate from his body . he the broken officer with a wet thud and stepped into the elevator . it shut and grasping the winch he himself up . when he the upper level inside the bunker he found it derelict and abandoned . dust covered the floor and foliage grew over the entrance . he saw castle still standing and in surprisingly good condition . he about the town . he found it bustling and thriving . time had on faster than the man had thought . the local brought him in and him . we of him through a contact on the island . and that us to now . the man now before us impossibly old and scarred . yet he a strange fierceness behind his ancient and torn visage . a kind of fire in his . the he told would have given any normal person and nausea . but not us . we knew of it all already of course . operation involved more than just recruiting to help us to the moon . unit finally their weapon to us . i was lucky to have sam as a brother . he was older than me by about eight and by all he could easily kept his distance and had as little to do with me as possible most with that kind of age difference do just that . he could on his own life occasionally teasing me just because he could . young can be annoying but sam never minded me . he was more than happy to spend time with me and to be a role model . he got me into my first nirvana and pearl jam . he even took me to my first concert . in . two of my favorite and billy talent had been that night and by god they put on a show i d never forget . xb i remember looking up and seeing sam grinning from ear to ear . he d never an song in his life but he was just there to enjoy the music and have fun . i guess that was his philosophy in a way . enjoy the music and have fun . i think there s worse ways to go through life . xb i knew i d miss sam when he went off to college . i was only a little over at the time and i t fully understand why he was leaving . i remember i d him why as he was . sam had over at me then gone to his dresser and picked up a frame . finish school he d said as he me the diploma inside . see this is what you get when you finish high school . i d at the diploma with a reverent awe . it so alien to me and yet so small . if you re done why do you have to go back ? i . i m not going back to high school bud . i m going to college . y know from the goofy movie ? that s me right now . xb probably not the best analogy but it was one that i understood at least . that said understanding t take away the fact that i still knew i d miss him . it had never to me that it was inevitable that he d drift away from me one way or another . you can t cling to people forever . sooner or later you lose them in one way or another . everyone leaves and if they don t you re the one that leaves them . xb when sam left he did so with the promise that he d be back that nothing would really change and i that . why t i ? he was still in canada he d just gone off to . he was only an hour away . it t seem like that much . i could live with the distance and i did . xb for the first year or so i only saw him on and some and that was good enough . i never the change in him maybe i was too young and too naive to see it . maybe i would it if i d seen more of him . xb when sam came home he was always quieter . he d smile and laugh like we always did but looking back it never sincere . then there was the fact that he never to be alone . if we were watching in the living room for instance and i got up to go get he d follow me striking up some half conversation as an excuse to leave the room with me . the only time he was ever alone was when he slept and even then i remember hearing him wandering around at night . xb looking back it s clear that something was wrong with him . i m sure our him about it but i never saw it if they did . in the end i don t suppose it much . xb in august of sam stopped showing up to class . his dorm at was found empty . some of the campus security his car driving off during the morning of august th . his car was found abandoned at the park mall in the city of about twenty away but they never found sam . no body no blood no sign of what had to him . xb one day he d driven off and that was it my brother was gone forever . whether it had been his intention or not he d left . i may not have been alone in the world but i sure as hell felt like i was sam had been more than just my brother . he d been my best friend and when i that i d never see his face again well the finality of it still t fully sunk in yet . part of me still onto some hope even though i known for a very long time that sam is dead . it s the only logical conclusion . he t have abandoned his family he t have abandoned me ! not without good reason . i was about when he d and never lost anyone before it hit me hard . as time went by though i to cope . i found a way forward . that s all you can really do when you lose someone right ? xb right now i m about as old as sam was when he . i still miss him but i think that s normal . one thing i learned about grief is that it never really goes away . it like a scar still burning from time to time . it s probably tacky to say that love never but it s the truth and i my brother . i still thought about him from time to time too and every now and then i d find old of him . xb i remember when we d gone to back in we d some of the . sam had one of them to his old account . he d made it back when random was still considered a and i guess that name was sufficiently random enough for him . over time when demanding that have a human name to them he d eventually it to . his own little passive aggressive you to . he d only ever posted a couple of . there was the one from the concert of billy talent s opening number from that no one ever watched and a version of that creepy commercial . you know the one . xb i don t know what me of those old . i t thought about either of them in but something drew me back to that old channel . i guess i to watch that concert video again relive some of the old . sometimes when you can t sleep nostalgia can be comforting . xb i had no trouble finding the video . the quality was than i . you could only barely see the band in it . the volume was absolutely deafening but still it brought back good . i that night when billy talent took the stage and d sa the first sinister of devil on my shoulder . xb as the song ended i on sam s old profile . i was looking for his old video . i figured since i was on a nostalgia trip i might as well go all the way with it . as soon as the screen loaded though i . as far as i d known sam had only ever two the concert and that stupid egg man thing . xb now i saw a third video . xb it was titled public service announcement . the thumbnail scratchy static . my heart a beat at first before i that it was old . xb i if it was some other joke video he d made . sam had always to be one of those sketch like or . as far as i knew he d never actually tried to produce a sketch but maybe he d done something in college ? xb i the video morbidly curious but not much i sure as t what i found . the video is loud the volume of some of it made me need to lower the volume on my computer but it s still up . i think it always will be . i linked to it here but for those who can t or don t want to watch it i at least do you the favor of what i saw . xb it with loud distorted static before into this whitish distorted image it like something spinning . a shape of some sort although i t sure what it was . there was a of some sort . distorted music of some sort . what it was originally i can t say for sure . black text on the screen . xb every one of you is to die . xb the static returned and when it left there was another scene . just as white and distorted . this time it to be a human hand and . the text returned fading in and out once more . xb a fitting demise for such loathsome rabble . xb the next shot a hallway of some sort still distorted and white . the viewer was obviously walking down it . the camera shook violently with their as the text continued . xb it me . how long you have continued to cling to life xb the shot faded into pure white and the sound of static returned as across the screen . xb xb again the screen against static that were hard to read . xb under a rock the screen went dark showing only a single small light as the text continued . xb i am the hand that you the light . xb the screen to static again but this time it was by a shrill metallic screech that made me mute my computer . the static on the screen and for a moment i could sworn i saw something moving behind it . the scene again . the shriek did not end . i saw a human eye slowly blinking . xb and the watchful that study your decay xb the static returned more aggressive than ever . on the screen before the video cut out . xb nan fan xb i t understand what they meant . i t understand what any of this meant ! i just sat there quiet for a few unsure what to make of any of what i d just seen ! there was only one comment on the video from three ago about a billy talent . someone had obviously to it and the original poster had since back but the first reply was missing . i guess whoever it was t the meaning of the video or perhaps it had something else . i t sure . xb i sat at my desk for a few staring at my trying to comprehend what i d seen . i at the date on the video june of . a few before sam had . xb i d gone back to look at that final text nan fen . i t know what the meaning behind it was . the obvious guess was that it was in some other language . it t look like any language i d seen before . xb i plugged it into translate . according to that the language was creole and the translation was at the end of the day . it t make much sense to me or add any context to what i d just seen . i still had no idea what to make of it . xb part of me to dismiss that whole video outright . as creepy as it was i was sure it was just some out of context final post by my brother . a horror video or something he d been working on . that t seem right though . i knew sam . this t seem like his kind of humor . there was no no joke to it . it was just creepy for the sake of being creepy . maybe that had been the joke ? either way there t anyone who could really tell me right ? xb that video in the back of my mind over the next few days . as much as i tried to dismiss what i d seen i still to find some sort of answer . i t get my mind off of it . i wondering if maybe i could get in touch with someone who might have known what sam had been up to . he d had his own and while i d never met most of them surely at least one of them had to have known what he d been doing right ? xb i ended up looking up sam s old account . it was still active after so many and just looking at his profile picture brought back painful . it s weird . nowadays everyone countless social media that leave so many of who they were before they d . sometimes i wonder what my abandoned social media will look like . will people who me look at it and remember who i was ? will find it and mourn me ? will those who barely knew me find it and wish they d known me better ? it s a strange new aspect of modern society . xb i back on some old the days when i was so sure we were immortal and would never change . i t help myself . xb still i had come to look into his list just to see if i could find any . i t know everyone that sam knew but i did know he d made some in college . most of his former had abandoned his old profile . the were probably difficult for them too and i m sure it can be hard connected to a dead friend . there were enough familiar left to give me a few possible though . xb the first person i on his friend list was a girl with dark hair lee . she had a bit of a going on . it t to me how odd it was that she t her look in about seven but i suppose that could be considering that when i checked out her profile her last post had been seven ago and most of the to that were rip and i miss you . xb i when i saw them . they told me all i to know . i scrolled through her and . there t much . nothing else she d posted was particularly interesting or important . nothing else save for her final post . xb going for a walk . xb she d posted it on th about a month before sam had gone missing . i t help but notice that had lived in as well . xb i left behind to look into lee some more . there t much to be found . much like sam she d in the summer of . she d lived at home with her . one day she d gone out for a walk and she d never been seen again she t been the first either the article three other spencer tara and ross . all three had in the past month all of them had been of college and all of them were with sam . i found them all through his . he d known them . friendship t stand for much but i could find them in each other s . they d clearly spent time together and they d all around the same time . as for why that part still me . xb i combed through their looking for something substantial . something to tie everything together . first close thing to a lead i found was in a photograph posted by ross . it the whole group together tara and sam they were sitting in the food court of some mall . sam had a wry little smile at the corner of his mouth . he sat near the back of the picture beside . they d gotten food that was scattered amongst the on the table between them and i spotted a bag sitting by . i t have thought much of it . a little book in a bag t have been anything important but the picture the spine of it and i could read the title . xb nan fen xb at the end of the day the same i d seen in that video . creole t a common language where i m from . the same obscure phrase up twice was no coincidence . evidently it had something to do with the book too . i had my lead and i had the time to dig so the of human and i let my curiosity lead me . xb it took a few days worth of digging . no longer the book neither does or any other reputable service . even after i found the thing it there was no way to get my on a copy . the full title of the book was nan fen tales and of la . xb now as for what la is there s not much information to be found on the . the most recent lore to in with loa . such as baron and whatnot itself to be much much older though . as the name would suggest the primarily come from and date as far back as the th century . most about la follow a similar theme . they involve a traveller meeting a man at a bridge just before sunset . the man is someone they recognize . always well dressed polite and jovial yet at the same time hateful . he will wait for them on the far side of the bridge coaxing them over . some would join him . would not . those who did not were the who came home at least for a time the said that would always be waiting across the bridge and sooner or later one would have to cross it . what was waiting on the other side would be too to resist as for what that was the never said . what was clear that when you crossed the bridge when you you would not come back . xb in all of the dealing with was a matter of when you crossed the bridge . not if . an encounter with him sealed your fate . your death and destiny you across the bridge and there was only one way to greet it . i never found a single story where someone to evade . xb according to my the story had fallen out of use by the th century . there were obscure about to some of but other than the phrase nan fen i found nothing . xb i was around the time that i looking into la that i i them up to my choice in reading material at the time . my tend to reflect my current . when i get hooked on a video game i dream i m the game . when i m excited for a movie i dream i m watching the movie . naturally when i about a bridge i blamed reading about . xb it was always a specific bridge the one in near the park mall . it over highway . technically it was two one for and the other was a walkway for . in my i stood on one side of the pedestrian bridge . the traffic soundlessly both beside and below me as i . xb in the distance i could see a figure waiting for me . he was tall and neatly dressed in a suit . he wore a top hat but his face the twilight left him as mostly a silhouette but through the i could see enough . xb his to glimmer like . his wolfish smile far too wide with too many teeth that sharp . it was less like a grin and more like an animal baring its teeth . he never spoke . he never towards me . he just near the other side of the bridge . xb behind him i could see people most of them stood too far away for me to see their . i thought i could make out the face of and but i t sure there was one face i knew i did recognize though . xb sam stood behind the visage of staring silently at me with his face devoid of expression . the sight of him me closer . i remember that i out his name but he t answer ! i was so sure that i could cross the bridge i could grab sam by the hand and take him back with me i was so sure . xb stood patiently by watching as i drew closer and closer to his side of the bridge before i stopped myself and at him . i remember the way his as if they were made of blood red . he t say a word he t move a muscle . he t try and drag me into whatever for me on the other side of the bridge . xb no . xb he for me to come willingly . xb and when i stepped back there was not a single change in his grin . he stayed still and as i woke up the last thing i saw were his glimmering and gaunt skull like face . xb i never had a recurring dream before . the one with was new . even in the where i was awake though i could still see those blood red whenever i closed my own . the dream to come every night the bridge at twilight sam standing on one end of the bridge myself on the other and watching over us . waiting for me to cross . i never did . xb even if it was just a dream something kept me from stepping onto the other side . fear perhaps ? logic ? or maybe something else entirely . i can t say for sure . xb i stopped looking into . i told myself that chasing a long forgotten legend t going to solve anything . i was filling myself with false hope ! sam was dead ! he had to be dead ! it was the only logical answer ! chasing was an insult to his memory ! and yet i still saw the when i closed my . . . xb through the at twilight i seen move past and at night i m sure that i seen glimmering through my window xb i tried to rationalize everything . i tried to understand . but i m not sure that this is something you can rationalize or understand . i m not sure that there s any logic to be here . xb i m sorry i m getting off track . this been far harder to get down than i d ever . god . i a record . i to put down and i thought that maybe if i did would click . i could watch the video again and i d see something i . sam s dead ! he s dead ! i swear to god he s dead ! i know he is ! he t abandon us all ! sam s dead sam s dead sam s dead sam s dead ! he s dead ! xb i m sorry . i m getting distracted . i can t let my get to me . not now . not when i almost got it all out xb i went to a few days prior . i my car at park mall . i went down the road to the bridge . xb the sky above me was a beautiful golden twilight . the highway was quiet at that time of day . there were only a handful of people out and about . none of them were . i down to the bridge and i stood on the edge . xb in the dying sunlight i across the bridge and i saw a man . he was little more than a shadow and yet he so tall . i t tell for sure but i think he was wearing a suit he was definitely wearing a top hat . xb i stood at one end of the bridge half him to make a move . either he would come towards me or he d walk away but the man did neither . xb i stood still as did he and we at each other across the bridge . something beneath the brim of his top hat caught the sunlight and for a moment it as if his had this unreal glow to them . xb i slipped my trembling into my i back at him my mouth dry . any inclination i had to call out to him in my throat before i could summon the strength to speak as i was by something primal and deep within my soul a fear i d never felt before . maybe it was just my imagination maybe it was just some stranger but no i don t think it was . xb the man did not move yet in his stillness i sensed an inherent wrongness to him . the same sense of wrongness you get when you re trapped in that state between awake and asleep where your mind still on the logic of your even while the world does not . the man did not move but i did . xb his glare to weigh on me like concrete as i turned and briskly away from the bridge . i what i already knew just like i m sure sam did once . just like tara and probably did as well . xb the have not stopped nor have the . he s not trying to hide . i see the in the darkness outside my window . sometimes i even see his teeth . xb for a while i why he d come for me but the more i think about it the more i think it was the other way around . he t come for me . i came for him . i a question and now i have my answer . i think sam and his did something . they crossed a line . they him . i simply got his attention . . . it ' s why he ' s been far more polite with me . it ' s why he ' s me as opposed to me . i have seen the head of in my i have seen it through my and i wonder if he is me a question in turn . i thought about my answer for some time now but i realize that thinking about the answer does not change it . xb i the question . . . and now . . . now i think i m going to go for a walk how i got felt my sense of humanity slowly leaving my body . i have seen a man and right in front of me and i t even blink or feel any slight trace of sadness or disgust . i just stood there motionless and watched him being torn apart by the owner of the hotel . now i m in my room lying in bed and watching the ceiling above and myself if there s something wrong with me . i know now that i will not be leaving this hotel unless i m dead or i win the competition . so after thinking about it for over an hour i decided to rip the that were keeping the skin of the torso together and see if the key was inside . as i the of the internal squelching and my hand some of them i felt nauseous and instantly threw up . my shirt was soaking wet and covered in blood but still i t find the key . i took a break and threw up again and while breathing heavily and sweating at the same time i decided to search in the last place i could find the key inside the heart . i the heart open and in it was the key and one little note with the following message please take the elevator to the first floor . you have exactly to get back to the room . if you meet the guardian of the first floor it s kill or be . good luck . well i was thinking that this was it i m get out of this hotel in a body bag and get thrown into a river or in a or buried in a place where no one will ever find me . i what the hell the guardian of the floor was . i don t believe in the supernatural but this place had some sort of eerie aura that gave you the willies you know ? kill or be that i some sort of weapon to defend myself . there was nothing in the room i could used but then i saw a cup which i broke into several and i stuffed the biggest one inside my pocket . i also had the belt of my pants which i could used for choking anyone if push came to shove . then i that i accidentally pocketed the pen i used to sign the when i checked in so i t going to battle that guardian or whatever it was bare handed . i took the key and it inside the lock but then i a knock then a frenzy of . sport get out of here ? i know a guy on the rd floor who can get you to win the prize faster . huh say get a million quick ? i bet you do . come on what do you say ? open up and let s go . i t hurt ya i promise ! the fragile voice said from behind the door . go away man i m not supposed to open the door . i be fine . try next door maybe they go i said trying to get him off my . then he just left and t say anything . he on the next door and i a man opening up and he screaming . get off get off of me ! you re killing me oh god ! his down into a gurgling as he on his blood . in the silence that i in the distance . settle down boy you got fed good he was a fat one t he ? the man that had on my door on something . i t want to imagine what could make that kind of sound . i turned the key and went to the elevator . i through the ivory marbled hall following that pointed to the elevator on top of which a flashy light read here is where your adventure . i the button to call the elevator and then i a ding and the to reveal a hunchbacked woman sitting on a small chair . i m the elevator keeper . my name is and i want you to answer me a riddle before we go to the first floor . keep in mind that you only have one chance and if you get it wrong your time for getting the challenge will reduce to . you have to be a superhuman to beat the demented harlequin guarding the first floor let me tell you that . so answer me this and they salt it and ferment it inside a stump wrapped in a hundred clothes the woman said her were shaking and her voice was trembling . . . . that s a simple one . the answer is cabbage and the final product is sauerkraut i trusting myself . very good very good . . . she said grinning her grin revealing teeth that ancient . the elevator ascending but it was moving slow . the woman t say a single word after that and i was under the impression the distance between was bigger than what i have seen outside the hotel . we finally on the first floor . the and this floor was completely different from the ground floor . the were covered in purple and orange checkered cloth and there were seven three on the left side of the corridor and four on the right side each one with purple and orange flickering above . at the end of the hallway was the exit door with a timer above . the and i had to move quickly even if i t know what i had to do . i was starting to feel like i was in one of those escape with the major difference that here if i don t manage to complete the challenge i will be dead as . i the first door and inside there was only a chair between the four . that was it . i to open the second door to find another chair with a note on it simply saying hi . behind door number three there was a mask lying on the chair with a note attached saying put it on . door number four had a gun with a single bullet inside and the note said do it . or else . i door number five only to find a tape recorder i play and carnival music throughout the corridor . door number six a bit when i it and there was a note with on it saying you . and then i door number seven opening . before i even turned something me trying to bite me . i freed myself from its grip only to turn around and see a harlequin grinning at me blood dripping from its ugly razor sharp teeth . he said hi now you die ! then he tried to attack me again i him stepping aside while he laughing uncontrollably . he was dressed in a checkered purple and orange costume his face painted white with blood on it . he laughing again while coming towards me . i him but he to scratch my left cheek with his metallic . die die die you ! he was constantly as i was getting . he was not big or strong so i decided to save the bullet maybe i use it later . the timer said left . i had to hurry . he then came towards me again and i him in the face and him by the neck trying to choke him . he me again this time on my belly and blood coming out . he was laughing like crazy . like a demented harlequin . i briefly my grip but got it back and as he to suffocate i out the pen from my blazer and i him in his left eye . he fell to the ground crying and laughing and screaming all together . he fell to the ground and i ran to the exit . in the upper part of the ceiling i saw a camera in on me . the music stopped and s voice filled the hallway the other eye too please . hurry up ! he said with genuine satisfaction in his voice like he was with what he d . a true sadistic . i ran back and took the pen from his left eye and him in his right one afraid that the timer would run out when i the exit door unlocking behind me . the timer stopped at . if i were seven late i d have been dead . behind the final door i saw another chair with an envelope on it . i it and it said on your first challenge . now please head back to your room for food and rest . the next challenge after your hour sleep . i just a psychopath and a murderer myself and i m fine with it . after all there are so many you can buy with . on to the went outdoor and we decided to explore the . while we went exploring we found a few here and there but here s the thing . we kept finding animal the more we traveled eastward from where i live . we found of clothing we found on the ground . i my if they had a bad feeling about this my said yes but then we found a gun on the ground i it the gun was a hunting rifle with a broken scope and blood on it . i it more my conclusion was that whoever this gun was recently . we kept going and then i saw a out car it was one of those ram trucks and it was near shelter and we kept going . we got to the area it was a . my to just all look north and they all with no emotion they kept looking . i on my best friend who snapped out of it . and then when we were going to do the same thing to my other they snapped out of it . then we decided to go in . it at first t giving off creepy . we the second area of the shaft . we that one of our were gone . then some weird mine moving but one of my saw that a odd entity was moving behind the . we panicked and we went different . i went out the shaft with the friend that saw it . me and left in a panic we ran out the shaft and we kept running we and we and we saw behind us my were being to my other friend who was limping as his leg was injured away and and the other one and i kept running till i was out and i woke up . i saw he is now dead since he a spike in his heart . now that he s dead i remain i snuck out the deep layer of the shaft it i m on the th level of the shaft . i took no and left then i saw the friend who was limping . but he in his hand he suddenly and i m in panic mode as i scream henry it s me ! he kept running i on the emergency ladder of the which was near the already defunct elevator . as i there was more dead . then i saw it . the thing that us in the . it was below me and i kept climbing i saw more till i got to the top . i run and got in the truck it still had fuel and battery . and i got the out of there . i got on a road and i told a about it and they got there they said where it was and all of it was gone . . . . it like if it never at all then i to the of my they as if they never had . i was confused but that thing i never saw it again and i left and never it again . we always it was our baby . little . a baby we d together me and my wife from the ground up . a baby we d spent sleepless nights building with over . a baby that we thought like all do might fix our relationship . might make up for the bitter the nights spent on the couch the against the wall late at night . the start was the hard part of and across the world every connection to the art world we had when we had to each and every one if they had a filled with of the they displayed . some did some tried to play coy but we d find ways around it suggesting we were wealthy old university and we were . there was always a way . before long we had our own image after image some in stunningly high definition of of if not of of . and so that was what we fed . a steady diet of historical renaissance through baroque from neoclassicism to realism to impressionism and on and on . we thought we were on the brink of something really important something vital . and in a way perhaps we were . but what us was more than we were ready for . although at first we had no idea . i think the term is blissfully ignorant . once it knew all of these to a degree we taught it how to replicate them . how to paint . and one night when me and were drunk on red wine that cost too little with our baby who had cost too much painted their first image . well perhaps painted t quite the right term but they made it . their was hooked up to a huge high quality printer and whenever had an image this printer would and grind and slowly churn out the image on a piece of paper . it was vague a suggestion of a shape sporadic and strange of colour but it was theirs . we t help but cheer stood on the table in the of the room and our glasses high we were so excited so so sure we were on the cusp of something new . and with every new image made the painting got better . to emerge . we had an a . i that could paint . that could paint and and people and and use colour and depth and we were so excited . it gradually clear that there were two of that would create . we t sure why or how these two distinct came about but the fact was they were there . the first was to be of classical art through a eye . that were almost human that blurred the line between horizon and hill between sea and ship . but if you squinted you knew what they were could tell what was trying to do what he was trying to understand . the second was stranger . at first we thought what we now call the second set was just an error . these vibrant red like a all this intense and unbroken red . and then the to shift to grow and other came into play and and and these slowly gave way to a mouth skin . but there was something wrong and the more we saw of whatever these were trying to capture the more we that they t coming from any in the . these were completely new and completely s own . they were lush and vibrant so vividly turned inside out and somehow weight and presence on the canvas . a hell we had never seen before but knew instinctively to be just that . somehow it was like had a nightmare . if we could dream perhaps that s what we d have assumed they were . . there was a real darkness to them a sense of suffering and hate contorted in and broken into . broken flesh skies and rot and red hot . we t talk much about the second set t figure out where in the code the problem was and so it something unspoken . oh a little nightmare we d mutter the that . we d joke that all the great creative had they had to exorcise . the first set was still beautiful of course . my was titled hand on snow . a hand resting on a white background a drop of red above it and a grey in the top corner . there was something so striking about it so refreshing it felt like the first day of snow the crunch under your boots the silence that it . i it so much i had it framed and put in the hallway in our home . it felt like a macaroni picture on the i was so . we were so . but to cost us . quit her job the level of maintenance was too much to juggle both and so we had to apply for . we made a twitter a tried to get media coverage . it worked at least for a while and the first auction of s art netted us enough to keep him running for half a year or so . looking back on it now it does seem as if there was a sense of desperation there a parental panic but i promise that at the time it felt so thrilling . we for we really did like any good and we only the best for him . we hired art to advise us on in his code to teach us more about the of the brush on canvas and the they . but this outpouring of public support was by the we d receive the religious group in particular who themselves infern who that it was an affront to god for to create art or think for themselves that we were not only god but his plan for the world . we d receive strange and cryptic from them like not the first . not the last . you will see . stop now . or they cannot know . they cannot know . we them of course how could we pay them any mind ? we d roll our read them out in funny shake our and smirk . but knew something we t . i remember the night it first as clear as day . i t sleep . t been able to sleep for a while in fact . i d never been particularly social at school had preferred to stick to the and and all this press interest had begun to take its toll on me . i was drinking more than i should have been a bottle of wine with dinner a few glasses of something after a night cap or two . my head permanently my skull felt thin like it was over the grey knot of my brain . i was reading our fan whilst the in the background . the low drone of . another message from infern in all the equivalent of a scream if they know all is lost . sin is sin is sin . but there on the screen they were a murder that had nearby and as i up from my screen i could see the footage they were showing white snow of blood it a hand . i d seen that somewhere before . it took me a moment slowly less the world turning to a blur . i had that exact image on my wall . hand on snow . it was there . framed . in the hallway just to my left . hand on snow . somehow had known . the woman on the screen was saying they had no idea who the culprit was that the victim had been stripped naked and had their throat slit that the murder symbolic . they d had an apple stuffed in their mouth like a pig in the of their . i in . we spent a while it the of it just being a coincidence but it was clear knew something . somehow our baby that and in the corner of the room had a murder . we tried to look in his code opening him up like a frog in a lab dissecting his code line by line running through even the most minor of error . how had this ? perhaps they d run this segment a few days and somehow had picked up on it and replicated it ? but no . the murder had only a few ago and s painting was days if not old . i to see them in public . they grew infern . i swear i could see them on or in watching it was something in their . i t tell about it t want to risk an argument about not getting enough sleep or drinking too much but they were there . people who too normal who d follow me down side streets . and then the exploded . all over the country north to south strange ritualistic and like clockwork would show us some part of them days before . the media t connect all of them but all of them had small of symbolism that we could pick up on . these strange that we could only interpret once we saw of the crime scene or of them . s of yet to come . and always after the first set came the second . alien inverted . seething writhing that somehow felt so real even though what they was anything but . huge split teeth as as teeth and soul after soul somehow trapped in there and thread and sinew binding them all together . i . i can only get some way to what the were like . they had the texture of of dew on a fruit or the wet slip of red in the of a wound . glistening . dense . lurid . for every action an equal and opposite reaction . to be exact . over the course of half a year . we in how to look for them keeping our peeled searching related to left on the canvas . we were never quick enough to prevent them . always too slow too late . an image would print out a window framing pine by a river a strip of cloth snagged on the glass a trickle of blood . we d try so hard to prevent it but with so little information there s nothing you can do and then a week later or a day later sometimes even we d see it on the news or an article a murder in a log cabin the victim bludgeoned with a crucifix . that was until a week ago . stopped making . try as we might even manually t make anything . we tried to understand why used all the past for reference . stuck them all up on the wall like some sort of parody of a detective in a movie all and and wounds with their next to them . and the less gave us the more we grew . we found where there were none and where there were . we discovered loose between the the symbolic nature . and as we on infern grew more and more prying . it t just or . it was at the door in the middle of the night and outside our room in the night people in non descript following us . it was strange into the door of our house dead on our lawn a visit from our local pastor and shaking and telling us we should listen to the voice of god in our . it put a wedge between us if i m honest . that fundamentally had some sort of predictive power was feeding on some unknown supply of information that it was our job to decode some string of code hidden in these works of art or bleeding in and that it was our duty to find out where and when they came in . i on the other hand it was a different matter entirely . that had into something more than just prediction that knew something fundamentally about reality that we t . that we t comprehend . it hit me last night . i tried to call no response . it went to . i told her that i d worked it out that it t just the first set that were but the second set as well that had something fundamental about us and our and where they go unless a machine in the background . the sound of printing something . my heart a beat . i think in the back of my mind i already knew what it was going to be . another sound of something else being printed which i knew by now was the . the to whatever snapshot had . whatever murder our baby had somehow known about before it . sorry before it was going to happen . that was the issue with his now that we knew the powerlessness the sense that whatever was shown to us here could not and would not be stopped no matter how hard we tried . there . on the thick paper in front of me was a human figure bent over what to be a book . but it t the figure that caught my attention . no it was the fact that the room was our living room . that doorway was our doorway . the white blur in the corner was hand on snow . it was an image of . and falling on the floor to the side of her a used to live in a pub in . the name of the pub and the people involved with what will be for respect for those people but the true will be told as they . be never go down in a pub once the go out for you will regret it dearly . this story may be quite long as it place over the period of the i lived there . it was th when the first incident . i was down with my mum and all of the bar up after a fight had broken out . there was a feeling of slight discomfort between us all . we knew that the pub was but not to what extent . the feeling more and more intense as we got up . then we just turned out th when everyone left and immediately we that something was near the pool table . however we ran up the before we found out . the next day on th we went to look on the to see if anyone had stayed overnight but what we found was much more disturbing . . . a tall dark shadow had cast itself in the room but because these are night vision it ' t a trick of the darkness . that ' t all though . we also a over figure on all underneath the pool table . this us to investigate ourselves . so we went down and turned on the to see if it was just one of the a trick on us . we the when we but non of them knew what we were going on about . that night we and saw walking around once we had up . the bar went home and then we it . . . " where ' s the beer ? " i to but i was told that was just one of many who were trapped here . then we a child like giggling from the pool area and got the up faster than ask for . the same stuff for a few with us seeing and them just becoming at that point . then he came . who was he ? he was a horrible spirit the minister . he was just a grumpy year old bastard who made our a misery because we would wake up with scratches and and he off the new dog who we still have today and he ' s adorable . but you ' t come here to read about my dog . it was march nd and it also to be a so we just said it and stayed down all night with the occasional shadow coming in and going back to the astral plain . we hit time again and as we were turning the off we hearing . a loud ass " off " came from the toilet when my mum went to investigate in there . i was my own as the over figure was staring at me from under the pool table . " get out you over little ! " i yell at it and my mum me for my language . but that thing which turned out to be a demonic entity got and hissing and growling but i do not break and tell it basically to off because nobody ' s of it and it at me in demon so i run up because the was running at me . then we got rid of the minister and got better until it got worse and on may st it got really bad . i ' d figured out that i had a demon attached to me and it was ancient and very powerful . i got blessed by sage but it did nothing because again this bitch ' t want to go away . me being a up year old with depression at that time i it . i know i ' m a idiot and that just gave it more power . at that time my depression was becoming extremely bad and difficult to hide but i only spoke to the demon about it . it fed off of my negative energy and decided to live down . that night i went down to get ice cream for the next days dessert and i ' t turn on the so the hit the fan as after me until i got into the kitchen where reside and he screeching like a bird of crawling near the fryer and i just told him to get the to off because all i was to get some ice cream . i got it and got thrown . i mean glasses and even a pool cue sorry for any spelling and i just ran with a large ass tub of ice cream in my hand so yeah it was terrifying with crawling on the ceiling and on the floor i knew i should ' turned on a light . i ' m leave this story here but if you want to know about the rest of and all of then please put in the and do the rest there . and remember never go into a pub without a light on . as a research intern at the medical school of rye university i ' been with the backlog of unpublished to decide which are still of pertinence and therefore to be saved for further evaluation and those that will go to the shredder . after many over the course of several days were to sifting through antiquated research i came upon one titled the man . its contents left me perplexed . i immediately brought it to my professor who read the title and date before it was to be . however i ' d like a few more on the matter . you can read the full transcription below . the man c . abstract from the renaissance hospital have discovered a possible new species currently thought to best fit into the homo genus . if this classification is correct it is the only parasitic primate known to man . conversely it cannot yet be out that these unique are but extraordinary more than any ever previously . introduction a patient was admitted to the renaissance hospital at on an emergency basis during premature labor . the patient severe anemia and intravenous therapy immediately . the patient was at the start of her third trimester when the arose two days after she for an which a healthy pregnancy . the patient at the time of admittance could not be anesthesia with the high risk associated with someone in her condition . of immense discomfort were apparent such as moaning and shivering . her core temperature was critically low possible hypothermia . her spouse noted that they haven ' t been outside or otherwise exposed to freezing . this infection . a stool sample was taken which heavy . she underwent another immediately after to see what in the pregnancy . in spite of logic it revealed what like . one was to the other which drew the question of a conjoined phenomenon but its development would have to be rapid to align with the healthy from days prior . upon the infant to have back up the birth canal . at am the patient went into cardiac arrest due to tremendous blood loss . she was pronounced dead after all possible of revival . amid delivery of the first child it was determined stillborn . the child was subsequently drawn back into the canal after almost entirely out . as doctor for the child a paw like hand to its ankle . she unclasped the hand as a nurse to help deliver it but she lost her grip which she would describe as " slippery as a soap bar . " the hand drew back fully into the birth canal . doctor for a section for the second delivery . opening the uterus revealed what was initially thought to be a severely deformed child . immediately noticeable was an elongated head with a snout like nose at the tip . its mouth was beneath which was toothy and circular . the were disproportionately small and dark despite its apparent albinism . it was thought to have extreme kyphosis due to its atypical shoulder structure . upon its extraction it impossibly big to be able to fit inside of a uterus . method under observation the subject measured in length and weighed . the sex was determined as male . x peculiar bone density . its mostly of fibrous tissue and its spine far more cartilage than typically found in . its a fluid largely of water protein potassium chloride and epithelial covering its skin in a layer . the subject formula and quickly undernourishment and distress . upon autopsy of the patient the subject was extracted from she was discovered to have had several bite similar to those made by various parasitic and fish . the stillborn one significant mark as well . with no umbilical cord and the inert nature of the subject it was decided that the patient did not give birth to it . it was also noted that the bite the subject ' s mouth perfectly . it was that the mouth as a suction with of sharp teeth roughly in length and in diameter . the mouth was absent of . this revealed that it ' t chew and further that its diet of blood from live . there was no evidence under observation to signify the subject was at all human until a test revealed a striking resemblance to our own . it had of with a shape much like . an similar brain composition but its function was notably different particularly in the prefrontal cortex which at a significantly reduced level . to further examine the subject ' s feeding it was transferred to the m . memorial laboratory of biology at the medical school . the constant for our method was for its potential host to be a mammal . our first variable was size . the subject was put inside of a secure room at two separate times once with a female rat the second with a female domestic pig . the creature displayed agitation with the rat when its vocal communication was first . its voice was similar in timbre to the scream of a baboon . after with the rat it was decided that it was not by the subject as nourishment . during the test with the pig the subject initially inactivity . once the pig fell asleep the subject the pig ' s vulva with its and inserted itself headfirst by its barreled . it then used its to climb further inside and ultimately completely in . the pig ' t wake during the process possibly due to the potassium chloride acting as a numbing agent but severe the following morning . the subject was extracted through its point of entry . the uterus of a healthy and large enough animal to be the ideal host for the subject but the size for its was another question which could shed light on its geographic origin . an month pregnant horse was used as the next potential host for the subject . its route of entry was the same as previously . no forced extraction was necessary due to or other . an was to be each month until the suspected delivery of the foal . on the th month of pregnancy an fetus was extracted by the horse naturally with no other than miscarriage . displayed the subject perfectly the foal in pregnancy . the mare though of malnourishment . the subject was surgically extracted after . in the womb . on one day after the conclusion of the feeding experiment the subject went missing from the facility . to relocate it have thus far have come up short but of its suspected escape have been cause for constant speculation . the leading theory is that due to its undetectable mode of entry the subject used someone working at the facility for a vehicle until it was outside . this mode would have to be transient due to its size and high potential for a human host to sustain internal organ rupture . as previously stated more are to determine whether this is indeed a new species or if its are the result of remarkable mutation . along with a concentrated effort to locate the subject of large should be more frequent especially if they are of stress or malnutrition . the have been here as long as the town of blue had . the first had shown up in to find their fortune in the gold rush but ended up making a fortune in selling to . some time later they took their money and a town on the coast which later a tourist destination for the that seem to glow blue at sunset . but despite my spent my family ' s i can ' t say if they came with the curse or if it was cast upon them when they built that damn house . but i guess i ' m getting ahead of myself . my name is butler and my family been in blue almost as long as the have . with a last name like butler i guess my family ' s first line of work was inevitable . to everyone else we ' been the of their house for living in the servant ' s quarters at the stately old mansion the built on the the house by and firing a steady stream of and for the . but every night we come home to the quarters now into a pretty large house thank goodness and write in our how best to beat back the curse writing and about the we care for and how best to eventually slay them . you ' re probably wondering what this curse is . well to put it bluntly the will be . not as in spoiled rich or . literal right from myth and . as they ' re just regular . even when they graduate college they ' re as human as you and me . but after ? any morning a handsome man recently made a navy officer could wake up as a bloodthirsty kelpie . oh wait . that ' s what to in . and it was great grandma butler who went all the way to to slay him the boy she ' d take his first . you see a nanny always her . her son or daughter despite being younger and usually more athletic was raised alongside the . the their mother are like to them . it would be much harder for the younger butler to slay them . but the curse ' s twisted nature what like a blessing on one usually male . they get to stay human to marry a human and have more little to be raised by in the mansion on the . you may be wondering how i ' m so certain that will happen . " what if the human ' t want to move back ? what if they don ' t want to have ? " they always come back . they always have three or more . a job offer for the spouse a birth control pill taken too late and their and suddenly do a . all of a sudden . and . are in the mansion and a butler is fixing up the nursery . well now that i ' that up you ' re probably wondering what i ' m doing here . an unprecedented event in butler history and i want to document it in a way other than musty old . a butler before slaying any of their . that was my mother . long nights and about some of the most precocious yet gave her an addiction to . by the time they found the cancer it was already stage four . i had to move home to set up the nursery when and told my mother they were starting a family soon so i divided my time between the hospice facility and the mansion . being the good friend he is gave me as much time off as i . " you ' re basically my little sister . take as long as you need " he told me . it was those two " little sister " that around my head as i that i would now have to slay the four other the i had grown up riding to school with who i ' t seen since ' s wedding . still in shock i as a sudden thought into my head . it ' t every day that a girl to prepare for hunting her first two . that night i went digging through my mother ' s kept in the family office filled with upon of and holding the and of my family . she had a drawer for each in her file cabinet . and . had been as the human from an early age it ' s easy to tell with practice . he always to move back to raise a family but was just self absorbed enough to pass most of the actual raising of his onto the nanny . he was practically the stock photo of " curse ' s favorite . " the drawers had stickers on them each circle with a different number . except . his drawer had " never " written on it with sharpie scribbled like an afterthought . god bless my mother she had put them in her suspected turning order . i crouched down to better look at the stickers and my heart sank when i saw on ' s drawer . the middle child who was like the by and i when we were younger . ballet star swimming team captain gorgeous sweet . kind was the queen who benevolently . of course i her on now who ' t ? she had torn her and her ballet but rose from the ashes to conquer the with her sweet smile fantastic figure and picture perfect life in san . i the drawer and out the . my mother had decided through of research and observation that would be something water associated and beautiful . her ease at rising to swim team captain and the way she quickly everyone had shown that she would be water and draw in rather than hunting them . my mother her top three a siren or perhaps a malevolent with a human female top half . you probably know what a siren is but a is a female spirit from folklore a mermaid like creature with a human as its top half and two serpent as its bottom . a is from mythology and it is a water creature with two different top and bottom halves . in order to best use her beauty my mother noted the curse would probably use a human female top half . but the bottom half could be anything from a venomous scorpion stinger to the of a powerful horse . and unlike are not known to be viscous but the curse could twist any creature into an evil being . her supply i took what i from the supply room formerly a housekeeper ' s quarters through an affair with old . ' s fourth wife grandma butler had gotten us excellent pay and as ' s . was only pregnant when ' s account went radio silent and the of suicide from the golden gate bridge shot up so i could leave quickly telling my i was seeing one of my mother ' s college . my heartbeat sped up as i drove towards trying to get up the courage to do what had never been done in my family ' s history . i into the parking lot of a private marina where we kept a sailboat and speedboat again thank you grandma butler and your total lack of respect for marriage . i unloaded my duffel into the speedboat and towards the bridge plugging my with beeswax for protection against a siren or ' s . as i got closer i to hear muffled music confirming my siren . as beautiful as was no one could deny that she was a bit basic even in her turning . i the first of the out the lasso and hot wax pot setting the wax on the battery powered hot plate that had been heating the whole ride in order to heat it to boiling temperature . the closer and closer i came the more confused i was . i the yes but why not the siren ' s song ? all of our had sung actual . i tried to listen more intently the wax protecting me from being most of the song until i why the melody so familiar . it was from the ballet had been of dancing in the one that had made her scream with joy when she got the lead in . ' s swan theme from swan lake was her preferred tune to lure people to their . trying to feel some semblance of bravery my heartbeat so loud in my that it was deafening i up right under the bridge . what i saw there was and yet not . as the siren sang with ballet practiced grace i caught of its face . it had the face that had many a people magazine article that got of on but it was empty . dead . emotionless as it the swan theme happily somehow singing music instead of . and its teeth ! not the perfect white that had been responsible for many a fad tooth whitening kit that and i desperately tried to make work but the teeth of a shark designed to rip tear rend soft flesh to make it better to swallow . the siren was so busy enthralling her caught up in her own song that she ' t notice me until i spoke . " hey else . " the siren whipped around beaming . " bear ! " she sung sickeningly sweetly . " how lovely to see you ! can we go for a swim ? i ' help you and practice ! i am the captain so i can help a little ! " her transported me momentarily back to high school when i at the chance to just talk to her and i almost to nod eagerly before being back to reality when a wave spray into my . i was crying and i ' t even her . shakily i picked up the lasso trying to remember my training . it ' t an ordinary lasso the rope was pierced by from home of the mythical hero who had first the then mythical . as i spun it over my head she kept talking . looking back thank god we had fresh beeswax . she was so powerful she could surely have gotten through old wax . i concentrated on the rope as she about the ballet inviting me to come and see her backstage to sit at her lunch table promising to talk to about me telling me " he you he really does ! come on bear let ' s go swimming and i ' read you the poem he wrote about you ! " i almost but kept extending the loop streaming from my as i restrained myself . when she her tail to emphasize something about the i could come to beaming with those bloodstained teeth i cast the rope . we both as the ropes bit into the beautiful gleaming tail and she more desperate and to grow older as i reeled her in leaving a streak of red in the water . " i ' give you anything ! i ' pay for the best for your mother they could still save her ! i ' find your sister you won ' t have to kill us yourself ! she still you ! ' s dying he needs you ! you love us you love us ! " all somehow twisted and sung to the tune of swan lake as my throat grew raw and from my burning as i her onto the boat ' s bed resisting the urge to give in and just jump . finally i had her and still every step i took to the pot of boiling wax was agony . carrying the pot was how i being on a torture rack felt and even as i it over her it felt like i was going against everyone i had ever . until i it and felt sweet sweet relief . the world was quiet reduced to just the of and as the wax instinctively wrapped around her body it and making it dissolve inside until there was just her face frozen with a terrible shark toothed grin and then it too . i had a heavy lump of wax at the bottom of the boat would probably lose my voice temporarily and had cried out my but like a robot i to shore going through the loading the car driving home unable to speak or to blink the wheel with a death grip . as soon as i got back to blue into the driveway of the " quarters i to cry again silently again pouring from my as i mutely dragged the wax into the garage . i cried for my childhood hero the ballerina who could never dance again the girl who had stolen so many hearts unknowingly . i cried as i melted her down as i the process of siren slaying by making the long tapering them around my room in the coral made for this . the last candle burned out this morning and i finally stopped crying . i ' keep my hunt of my childhood here and will begin about the next when they arrive . i think it ' s time for me to open drawer number and when i slay i won ' t shed any . x ' the night is so dark . you don ' t notice in the city but on the night of a new moon in the middle of an evergreen wood where the of the weave a choking canopy overhead you notice . the night ' t just dark it leaves you blind . ' it was just my two older and me out . it was are so inadequate to describe what but i ' try my best . ' it was fun . and scary . an exciting scary . like the kind that your into and everything new . we had dirt and the were great . there was this area we rode out to the pit . it was dirt speckling a massive lake . we the sky with mud spinning off our . we barely stopped for lunch . by evening it was time to camp . ' went out for one more pass . he decided to really floor it over the last ramp . he came up higher than he ever had before . he was in good form i thought . but he ' s the at him . when came down he landed hard . the bike up and he over sideways losing his grip . we rushed over to check on him . was in a bit of shock but otherwise fine . the bike ' t start though . ' " ! " had swore . we ' t fix the problem . something about the engine . was the . i ' t pay much attention . i was too busy listening . ' " i something weird . did you hear that ? " ' " not now " snapped . ' " but " ' " quiet . i ' m listening to the engine " waved a hand in my general direction . ' it was so far away but so distinct . like a cricket with a megaphone . it was making me nervous . ' " we ' have to walk back to the " told me as he my shoulder . i ' t been paying attention . ' " my are in the truck " . ' " . " ' i again for the sound . i nothing . not even . or . a murder of suddenly belted out a cacophony of and took to the sky . ' we had already begun walking . ' this time we all it . ' " the f " ' " sh ! ! " that was . ' it was closer . " let ' s go ! " i quietly . the chirp more loudly now . more intense . and we it up a notch . ' i it again . and the soft of being swept aside . it was close . past me . " oh sh " ' it past me . maybe he was a target . i don ' t know . i could smell his entrails being from his body i was i ' t get a good look . it was large hairy and black . ' i my bike and running . was screaming and out . i could still hear ' s and snapping in my mind ' s ear . the truck was so close . so far . right there but so far . i kept running for it . i it again the chirp . ' i back . i saw its face down the path . i watched it open its toothy canid maw as it again . what i saw is forever frozen in my mind . its were large and round . its were round and large . it like a lizard . a thick mane its neck . it was probably nocturnal . damn science . not now . it struck me as it again . . ' " stop staring ! move ! " . i booked it again . the came closer and closer . the came closer . here came the the were coming ' the doctor his . " what did i tell you ? same story every damn time . i another opinion . do you think he ' s this for us or him ? " there was the shake of a head . " i ' have to him later . he ' s a hard read . the day is late and he ' s just himself . it can wait till tomorrow . " the door closed . " the are coming " they came to me the first time just about ago . i don ' t believe i ever for a name but it ' s doubtful i would have gotten a straight answer had i stopped to pose the question in the first place . i suppose that most come up with an imaginary friend at some point or another especially those who find themselves spending their after school up in their on their own . it probably when the of those spend their own after dinner just quietly enough that it ' s clear they ' re trying not to be but doing a poor job of it . in the sense that paired with loneliness distress of that nature is more likely to result in a friend from the wanting mind of a child . a child trying to fill in some of the in their life . though considering recent and current i don ' t suppose that this friend was ever completely imaginary . certainly they would come and go as they up from seemingly impossible . but always in my bedroom and always when i felt the most alone or the most in danger like something bad was going to happen while and dad were fighting . nothing ever did though . at least that i ' m aware of . we ' t really talk much . talking as in sitting together and encouraging idle chatter just to fill the room . i would talk to them when i felt like talking . they never really said anything back which was alright with me i think i just someone to listen while i about the at school or the way my pretended everything was boo when i was around only to go back to fighting in behind bedroom . occasionally if i said something that i suppose they found particularly intriguing they would whistle as a reply . i never assumed that they were actually listening to me that they were hearing the i was saying and actually turning them over in their own mind but the comfort derived from another presence in the room besides my own was enough to satiate me . it t like the kind of whistle one might use to call a loose dog or accost someone on the street . it was more like a quick gentle tune only a few long but for some reason immensely . i always knew that were going to be when they back to me . i don t know why but that sound a comfort a reassurance when i was at my . eventually it almost like a calling card . they would whistle to let me know that they were there even if i ' t see them which to be quite frank i preferred . i their company immensely but their appearance for i never fully figured out was off although it really ' t have been . every time i saw them they were dressed like an astronaut . that might not be quite fair to say because i don ' t believe an actual astronaut would ever feel safe wearing out in the dark expanse of space the outfit my friend dressed in . it was more like what a child might imagine an astronaut would wear unaware of all of the complex technology that would be included in the suit to keep the poor voyager alive in a cold air less environment for any length of time . i imagine the part that frightened me was the helmet they wore . as far as its accuracy goes to what might actually appear in a astronaut locker room if there is such a thing i have no idea . it was sleek and white which was fine but the visor was black and mirrored so that every time i into it all i saw was a warped reflection of myself and my surroundings . i ' never actually seen their face before and i ' m quite doubtful that they could see through that mask . maybe they ' t have and ' t need a visor that one could see through or perhaps they were blinding themselves intentionally so they could pretend they t see what was going on around them . every time i was forced to look up into that visor it felt like i was looking back at myself with a depth i ' t comprehend when faced with a normal reflection . i swear had i not had a good head about myself i might ' to the suggestion that they were me to look back into my own soul to see everything that made me me all the i knew were there but ' t want to acknowledge . though while they were hard to look at a glance in their direction did little more than send a shiver down my spine on a good day . but how they to know of the malice i secretly towards my was beyond my comprehension and it might have become a valuable chip had there come a time when they something from me that i was reluctant to provide . but that time ' t come and my dear mother and father never knew to the day they of the distress and heartache their insistence on together had me regardless of the fact that they to their last that they had been making a sacrifice for my sake . i never told them they were wrong and neither did my friend . it was for this reason that i decided they me . deep down there also lay an amount of fascination . who were they really ? and what were they capable of ? the first time they in front of me right at the foot of my bed as i cried into the cupped of my they stayed in near complete silence . i ' m not even sure how long it was that they sat there watching me wallow in sorrow before i up and into that visor for the first time . people have me in the past if there ' s any part of my life that if i could i would go back and redo . if there ' s anything i would stop from happening or something i might do differently given the once in a lifetime chance to do so . i always say no everything all the good and the bad and everything in between to me for a reason and made me into the person who before them and they ' re always satisfied with that answer . the problem is that it ' s deliberately dishonest . i ' t hesitate to go back and stop myself from looking up into their " face . " i sincerely believe they ' t have come back for me now had i just run out of the room the second i ' d a stranger had somehow gotten in . but unfortunately that ' s not something i can ever undo and instead i ' m afraid i ' have to pick myself up and face this monster again hopefully for the last time . i imagine they re here for the same reason they came before . what i t during all that time when i would talk at them was that they had genuinely been listening to me the entire time . i suppose my assumption that a being so clearly above myself and quite frankly more than likely the rest of the human race for i have yet to meet anyone else able to make themselves appear where they please at will t be interested in the petty of a child was unfair . they had been carefully considering every word that i said to them and as i came to find they had been coming up with what they to be a solution to everything the only problem was that i disagreed with them . the last time i saw them before their recent return that is was in the middle of the night on my th birthday . perhaps at that point i might have been too old for an imaginary friend but since i had no way to verify that information or ask any other my age what they thought i continued to believe that all of this was still perfectly normal . normal because it had become regular to me and i simply t know any other way . they woke me up early in the morning around am if i recall correctly whistling at the foot of my bed as they had so many times before during our deep afternoon . i was confused since they d never come at night before but i just thought they were there to be the first to wish me a happy birthday . every year brought about the question of whether or not my would remember my birthday this time and occasionally i was pleasantly . apparently my th birthday had been one for the but each one after that t seem to live up to that year and usually ended everyone down . i don t think my ever did figure out that all i really for my birthday every year was all of us together nothing fancy no party or anything just us spending time together without fighting the entire time . but on that night that t what they were offering me . they to give me an escape from everything wrong with my life sure but the way they going about it still down my spine every time i find myself them because no matter how hard i seem to try my mind always goes back to that night . they thought that because it like my were the cause of nearly all of my strife and while they of course to it a great deal there were plenty of other to blame that they never would have been able to fix had they taken a second to try that the easiest thing to do would be to simply remove them from the equation . i sat there and just slack jawed and more of them than i had ever been before . somehow despite their completely lack of emotive ability they almost excited by the prospect as though they me to jump right on board and join them in removing my dear misguided . their expression even to fade the longer i without giving them any kind of response . for a while longer i the silence thicken around us waiting for them to take the hint that i t interested and that they should go . the ticked on and on and they soon turned to it clear that they t going anywhere until they got an answer out of me . and for the first time in my life i had to stand up for myself . no . clearly that t what they to hear . to this day i swear i never seen a face less being more enraged than i did that night . they stood up and to me again a new tune i d not from them before short and sharp like the tip of a knife against the warmth of someone s chest . they never touched me but it felt like for just a second a fist around my heart throwing me into a slumber i t rouse myself from no matter how desperately i tried . i t wake up until later that afternoon to my shaking my shoulder sorry to have let me sleep so long but excited to wish me a happy birthday and take me out for lunch . i don t remember any meal i ever had more fondly . of course soon went right back to the way they had been though it did feel as though my were making more of an effort to get along and participate in more family with me . they were never perfect but i them for trying . they both in a car accident five ago . they police insist that it had been a freak thing the were slick and the night was dark and despite their best to make it home there t anything they could do about the other on the road . they were struck and sent into a ditch on the side of the road which quite frankly t the most uncommon thing to hear about around here and it t have been fatal by the of the accident . but they both landed in just the right way to break their . i still think that they had something to do with it but of course there t any evidence to prove it and the point to the and police would only make me look like i d been driven mad with grief . yes i was to hear about and dad but more than anything i was angry . i t let them take my before so they took them when they well to regardless of how i felt about it . and now they re back again whistling to me in the night from the dark of my room refusing to let me see them until they want me to . i imagine they still want to give me an escape from everything that s gone wrong in my life and i don t doubt that they my to add to the misery i was feeling as just an extra push to get me to . the problem is i don t have anyone left meaning the only person that they re here to get rid of this time will be me . i don t know when and i don t know how but last night i think i saw a glint of the moon reflecting in their helmet visor so i m sure it won t be long . there are many hidden and old abandoned and technology buried in undergrowth or and forgotten . these are seen almost daily by a hitchhiker . i relish in these but i think i discovered something that was meant to be hidden . i wish i never found it . at this point i d been on the road for a couple and on foot from place to place moving further south . i have a family my wife is back home and my son and daughter grown and on their own . the last time i had taken this sort of trip was several back and figured i would do it again . my wife t mind as long as i stay safe and make it back . now i m concerned if i will make it back . this may be my last night as i write this . shortly before this discovery i had gotten off a train in the middle of the . all that could be seen were longleaf pine and brushes to my left and right . the occasional chirp of strum of and drone of me there was still life around me that i t alone . i decided to hike through the . no particular direction but that was the beauty . aimless in solitude s comfort . this experience was as surely as dried thirst for water . the briar and distinct pine around me that i must be in or somewhere close to it . i rocky and through level ground the never from those close knit and foliage . that was until i found a part of a neighborhood . this neighborhood empty . perhaps under construction ? but i saw no equipment nor of any construction material . ivy itself across the stucco of various threatening to one day swallow them whole . the murky as lake water sun cracked and bent . peeling to the appearance of barnacle growth . when i stopped to listen there was nothing . not a bird cricket cicada it was silent . only a faint ringing to my tinnitus . an overgrown road of broken asphalt split in different ahead of me one part curved to the right and the other headed straight for well it was hard to say . infinitely it felt . there was no sign of life not even a hum of passing . why would such an expansive neighborhood be left abandoned ? perhaps whoever was building this place went bankrupt . i for about thirty then for another ten there d be some end in sight . it kept going . endless . i figured it was time to leave . i cut through an alley between two eager to see only again . on the other side though it was the same . more more broken asphalt dividing of useless . i then something odd even though all i had seen been odd so far that there was plenty of shade . everywhere . of sunlight lit the gray of asphalt and but how was there so much shade ? i upwards and found the equivalent to redwood in . their canopy of leaves and shaded the entire neighborhood . the sky was made of a million leaves . how could i have not seen these from away ? the sheer scale of everything was frightening . i swear i could feel every droplet of sweat out of my . that s when i also there t even a breeze . not a breath of wind . i don t know how much longer i continued to wander in to find some sign of civilization a human being an animal . finally i my settled to the ground and a smoke . my on escape . i never thought i would have to escape anything during my journey but here i was . the sun was setting of sky turned a blood orange tone . i to find a place to rest . my portable tent did not feel ideal to me at the time . i t know if anything sheltered or here besides myself but the possibility of was likely . that coupled with the stale air and ominous silence that disturbed me me from setting up camp . i tried the front door of the nearest house it open with ease . a waft of musty odor and rot out the doorway a sneeze . i to find a living room empty and layered with dust . instead there was a curved receptionist desk . flanked the desk leading upwards to the second floor . behind the desk there was a wooden door with several jagged gashes slashed across it diagonally watching over the lobby guarding the unknown . there was no way to get behind the desk besides climbing over the front and so i did . i tried the knob to the slashed door but it t budge . the knob turned all the way so it t locked but rather something the door shut from within . another door was to my left ajar . still a complete silence . i it a bit further just enough to peek inside . it was in there than the rest of the home . in the corner there was a shade a lump of shadow that in a rhythmic pattern of breathing . i was about to call out to whomever it was but the in my throat . could i really trust it to be a person ? an irrational thought one based on childish fear but it was strong . the last time i such a fear i was six old . i something growl beneath my bed . i could hear its pick at my mattress from below like a cat at carpet or plucked soullessly from an instrument . my told me it was my imagination yet it . night after night until a month then it . that same fear me stayed my . i left the shadow to lay there undisturbed and went about exploring the rest of the home . if it could even be a home . this interminable neighborhood must have something besides your casual . these used yet unused . i the to a hallway . multiple lined the wall each with a numeral above their frame . an abstract painting of red and black of smeared . some were locked with ease or a push . all were empty save for dust dirt and of hair scattered about the crusty carpet as pine straw in a forest . nothing except for the one room downstairs . i t do it t allow myself to wake whomever or whatever it was . as i the i a yowl from the room below . the one which something . its voice was an amalgam of human and animal in strain . did i wake it ? panic to unweave my mind and mouth make me scream but i the urge with a swallow and restrained lump in my throat to carefully step down the . i could not even see the room behind the desk unless i over the railing . there was no more sound but i knew it was that thing that cried out . thing . it to be a coyote or fox . or something more dangerous . i t shake the feeling that it was more than an animal . as i was closer to the front door something behind me . on carpet . i leapt outside stumbling onto the grass . those behind me thumping more frantic . it was outside of that room . i could hardly breathe as i the front door closed and down an alley and onto the other side . i to the ground against a wall my close to my chest and listening . nothing . no moan or cry . no or breathing except my own breath as if i ran a marathon . running a marathon t get me far enough away from whatever that was and there was nowhere else to go . as my anxiety my mind piece by piece in paranoid and i to grip a loose hold on reality now seeing that the sun was set . this tract of neighborhood whatever the hell it was it was now sunk into a dark gloom . everything submerged into a darkness unimaginable . of an ocean that the sunlight could never reach . the expanse of these and leaves shield the moon from lighting my surroundings . what did it matter ? i can t leave . i haven t anything else besides that thing in the room but it is here where i sit . or so it felt . i want a cigarette desperately but what if i were to light up and attract whatever to chase me ? i have the phone s background light to the minimum and hidden in my as i write this anyone out there can somehow help me . fortunately i my phone in the day and it should last me a couple more days maybe more if i keep this at a minimum . i really don t want to die here and i can t find a way out . part can be found father s day my dad thought it would be a good idea for the two of us to fly from to visit my grandpa in . i haven t been to since i was and now at old i barely remember the place . i just finished my college classes for the year and i t have any for the summer so i figured this trip with my dad would be a nice way to get out of the house that i been stuck in for the past few with the added bonus of getting to see my grandpa again . the first thing i after landing was that something felt off . i sat in the of my grandpa s my dad and him sitting up front and amused myself by staring out the car window watching the wheat fly by . it was then that the feeling of being watched first itself . i t tell where it was coming from hell we were in a moving car but i t shake the sensation of boring into the back of my head . the longer i out at the landscape the more uncomfortable i felt . something i about is how flat it is . no no . just flat ground . in no matter where i m at i can always see towering in the distance . of course i knew that other t have but knowing something and seeing it are two different . so staring out at this completely flat ocean of grass and unnerved me . whereas i am usually by and of rock now i felt completely exposed . we made it to my grandpa s farm without much issue . my grandpa in an extremely small town in the northern part of not too far from the border . there s not much in of to do here save for going to sonic or visiting the salt to dig for selenite . we did both of those and ended up at the house around sunset with half empty and a cup full of . i took the couch to sleep on because my uncle s childhood bed is as hard as a rock . i settled myself into the faded yellow the smell of dust tickling my and closed my . i was exhausted after a long day of travel and was eager to pass out . but i t fall asleep . once we were out of the car i d forgotten about the being watched feeling i d had . but now it was back at full force . every time i closed my i could sense a gaze on me . even though i was inside i was still so so exposed . at first i tried to ignore it . i kept my stubbornly shut . if i t see it it t see me . i t even know what it was at the time . i just felt like it was better than it was there . and i still t get to sleep because of the cold dread creeping its way up my spine . so eventually i gave into the pressure . i my . my grandpa a skylight in his living room . a giant one that you can easily stargaze through at night . the couch i was sleeping on was settled right beneath this skylight giving me a perfect view of the sky above . so when i my that is what me to see it . there sitting among the of against the black was an eye . a gigantic dark human eye . i t breathe . i t even blink . i was filled with so much terror in that moment fight or flight had been completely in favor of the third f . freeze . we each other down . i don t know how much time . it felt like to me but i think it was only a minute at most because eventually my to burn . i t want to blink . i was of what would happen if i t see the eye . of what it might do . but human instinct my fear and after thick to trail down my as the burning unbearable i blinked . it was only half a second of darkness but when my vision returned the eye was gone . i don t remember what else that night . i think i stayed on the couch staring through the skylight trying to comprehend what i just and being unable to . at some point though i out . i woke up the next morning to the sound of my dad cooking in the kitchen . my mind was foggy with sleep and i t immediately remember what had the night before . i got up and to the bathroom and after taking care of my business i went to the sink to wash my . when i down at my arms though i saw an odd red mark on my right forearm . it was about the size of a fifty cent coin and when i it it to itch . when i ran my finger over it there was a small bump . assuming it was just a bug bite i went to leave the bathroom when i what i had seen the night before . the memory was hazy . at the time i could sworn i d seen an eye but maybe it was just my over exhausted mind ? or maybe it was some form of sleep paralysis . i t been able to move after all . that must been what it was . that day my grandpa me the different of land he had grown wheat on . the wheat had just been cut a few days before my arrival but the soil t been turned over yet so the were covered in short golden . as we through the of yellow a painfully blue sky at us from above and i could feel something looking at me once again . i thought back to the eye but shook my head to dismiss the thought . still that t stop my from as i the edge of the field . my grandpa was over by one of the which was a pretty decent distance away from me . as my came to a halt i felt the mark on my arm itching again and had to resist the urge to scratch it . i don t know what possessed me to look up at the sky but i did . and sure enough there it was . the eye was watching me unblinking . it hung in the cloudless blue attached to nothing . i t frozen this time but i was still afraid . it was certainly huge but t take up the entirety of the sky . in fact i t really gauge how large it was because it to stay the same size and in the same place within my vision now matter how i my head . again i m unsure of how long i stood there looking at it . but then i a voice call sweetheart can you c mere and help me with this ? and i over to see my grandpa waving me over . when i back up the eye was gone once more . the mark on my arm only worse and worse as the day went on . i had practically my skin raw by the time sunset rolled around once more . i ended up wrapping a damp washcloth around it with the hope that it would keep me from scratching at it more . i t sleep under the skylight that night . the next morning came . like the previous morning i to the bathroom while still half asleep . i took care of my business and went to wash my . once that was finished i dried my and the washcloth still tied around my arm . the spot t itch so i carefully untied it . when i the cloth off though i . the red spot was gone along with the bump . instead there was an eye in its place . an eyeball . like a literal eye with an eyelid was in my arm staring at me . it was dark brown just like the one that had been in the sky . i for a solid ten and when i stopped it blinked at me . it blinked slowly like a cat does to its owner . i could feel the in my arm moving to make the eyelid blink even though i t consciously making it do that . i t want to blink . my dad then to me outside the bathroom if i was alright . i t know how to respond what to tell him . it had to be a hallucination . an eye t grow on an arm and certainly not overnight . if i tried to show my dad my arm yelling about there being an eyeball on it only for him to see nothing he d definitely think something was wrong with me . hell there probably was something wrong with me but i t want to end up in a psych ward over it . in a voice i that i just saw a spider but to kill it . my dad accepted the lie and away and i out of the bathroom to grab a long sleeve shirt to change into . i don t remember much of breakfast that day . we ended up going out to the again . it was a cloudy day this time dark grey swollen with the promise of rain . even so i knew it could see me . i was constantly looking over my shoulder glancing at the sky glancing at my arm . i could feel the eye moving around on my arm looking back and forth at the dark fabric that it and blinking every few . my dad was oblivious to my nervous state but my grandpa kept giving me odd as if he could tell something was me . while my dad was driving the tractor around the field churning up some of the cut wheat to turn it back into usable soil i saw it in the sky again . after staring at it for a few i away only to see my grandpa watching me intently . he t say anything though and neither did i . when i into later that night i saw the eye on my arm was still there . i slept under the skylight once more not minding the dark covering up the because that s not what i was looking for . it was better to see the eye than not see it . that was the conclusion i was coming to . however i tried my best to avoid looking at the eye on my arm . it unnerved me . it was nearly am when i decided to get up and get water from the kitchen . i t fallen asleep yet locked in a staring competition with the sky eye . eventually though i had away my throat begging me to get up . i to the kitchen as quietly as i could cringing every time i felt the eye on my arm blink underneath the sleeve of the i was wearing . i had just finished pouring myself a glass when my grandpa in . i at his not him to be awake at this hour . i said hi to him and he t respond at first keeping his head down as he towards the . he his own glass and himself some water and after taking a long sip he set the cup down and finally directly at me . you seen it haven t you ? my grandpa in his country drawl . the question was so unexpected so blunt that i t sure how to respond . of course i to the idea that he was to the eye but i t be sure . um what do you mean ? i my voice . sweetie you don t need to play dumb with me like with yer dad he told me leaning back against the counter . i m bout that big eye in the sky . i on my water and fell into a fit . my grandpa patiently for me to catch my breath but i was more worried about my heart beating out of my chest than my . you you seen it too ? i still gasping for air . my grandpa . yep . everyone here about it . it s harmless for the most part it just to watch us . what do you mean us ? do you mean the town ? i in a hoarse voice finally my breath . he again . sure thing . it s been us for now since i was a little boy and we all know it t do . so we just leave it alone . no one about it much . out here know to keep their shut about bigger than they are . so my dad ? my grandpa shook his head . he chose to forget about it when he left here all those ago . i know he it when he comes back to visit but he it and he t . if i try to talk to him about it he act like i m crazy but i know he can see it because i see him at the thing when he i m not ! i took a shaky breath and . so it t a hallucination . it was a real thing and my grandpa was confirming that . i honestly t sure if that made me feel better or worse . i felt the eye blink again and i glancing to my arm . grandpa do you know about this then ? shakily i my sleeve up the eye . it immediately to my grandpa and to my surprise my grandpa . oh ! that it you ! my grandpa . not everyone one of those . if you get yer own eye it it to keep a closer watch on you . not because it anything from you though it just yer . so i m stuck with this thing forever then ? i my tone edging on panic . don t worry yer pretty head none my grandpa reassured me shaking his head . it go away a few after you leave town . but the longer you stay here the more will appear on yer arms . something about the way he said that last part off to me something in his tone . so i . how do you know that ? the relaxed smile on my grandpa s face faded and he . setting his glass down he up to his nightshirt and to unbutton it . my grandpa had always been a man of long sleeved . plaid button into belted blue jeans . the classic old man farmer aesthetic . i had never seen him in a short sleeved shirt before and had never this . i had just always assumed he long sleeved . but now staring at his bare arms i now knew why he never let anyone see under his . all over his arms were identical to my own . scattered over his and wrinkled skin from his all the way to his . of dark brown blinking slowly and watching both me and him . i felt like i was going to be sick . as i m sure you can tell my grandpa said his tone suddenly dead serious it me quite a bit . magic is a fickle thing . elusive and often terrifying . magic is much like science . some have to study for in order to gain a thorough comprehension in order to apply it to their world . like the boy who a nuclear reactor in his garage some people simply have a natural affinity for certain . i am on such person and my natural affinity for magic me more heart ache and grief than any one person should experience in a lifetime . like the boy who built the nuclear reactor i knew only that i could do it not what the of doing it would be . i thought that magic was like a power that was there for one to use if they knew how . i was oblivious to the as i every ritual i came across tarot card reading bone tossing astral projection and even . not every ritual was successful though at least not in the ways i was told they would be . you see the reason magic to have so much in common with science is because magic is the antithesis of science . science is order magic is chaos . science is finding out what the universe will do magic is finding out what the universe can do . all these i with magic not its true power or its true cost . when it came time to pay for my use of magic i dearly . the cost did not drive me away from magic though it me how little i truly knew how much i had left to learn . and learn i did myself into the study of magic . the power i was intoxicating . i t ready for it though . anyone with power that you must be careful how you use it . i was not . now i ' m paying dearly for it yet again . i going downhill when i met . she was the most beautiful woman i had ever seen . she had long jet black hair bright hazel and the smile i have ever seen . her pale white skin was with occult and she always dressed in black . she herself a . from what i understood she and her were a group of neo who used watered down of ancient to invoke the of old country magic . the they had for the were just as silly as the themselves . like better luck and in their a more passionate love life and other equally mundane and childish . of course they t work but the to enjoy the so i t say anything . hell i even in every now and then . the first few with were wonderful full of laughter and joy . to go wrong one night when one of the from her in hysterics . she was a sobbing mess as she that her aunt had just been with cancer . she was begging for the to gather and a do a mass ritual for the health of her aunt . of course they all agreed to help and the date was set for that following . we all at my cabin on the of the city . the ritual they had involved burning of paper with wishing for the aunt to recover and regain her health and then praying to the earth mother to answer their . all of them . the does not respond to and . the one to bring structure to the chaos and then direct it to the desired end . after the ritual everyone left and i made dinner for and myself . as we finished eating she told me that she could tell i something back during the ritual that i t given it my all and that she was ashamed that i t more willing to help someone in need . the way she at me broke my heart i suddenly felt personally responsible for the life of her aunt . slept in the guest room that night . i until i was sure that she was asleep before making my way through the back door and into the surrounding my cabin . the moon filled the warm spring night with brilliant silver light . the were positively alive with and . it was a beautiful night to save a life . i stepped off the trail and through the undergrowth towards an old growth patch that stood in the exact center of my property . there among the ancient was a shack surrounded by hazel . i the door open and the to life bathing the large room in a soft red glow . i the black felt cover from my orb and carried it and its wooden stand to the center of the room and them on the floor . i knelt in front of the orb and my left hand on it . a nebulous darkness filled the orb . the was always beautiful to me . a mass of shimmering and that grew toward the center . i took a moment to admire the beauty before my right hand on the orb . i closed my and took a deep breath as i i felt my astral form fall away from my body and into the . as the soothing darkness my soul i my mind and my goal . in the darkness i saw an image form a malignant looking tumor on what to be an otherwise healthy liver . the tumor to melt away shrinking slowly at first then fading quickly until there was no sign it had ever . i let this image fill my mind it over and over as my astral form into the abyss sending the image of my will into the void . a soft green light shone through the blackness and drew closer . when the sigil came to rest in front of me i out and with a clawed finger i the sigil . as my claw the of the magical rune through my mind showing me what i to do to achieve the desired outcome . when i my my astral form back into my body my left palm stung and was warm and sticky . when i down at it the sigil had been on my palm . looking at the spot on the orb where my left hand would have been i saw that there was no blood . i . there was never any blood almost as if the orb it . i returned the orb to its spot on the shelf and to the back wall of the shack . from the shelf i a vacuum sealed deer liver . only two left i would need to go hunting soon . from a cabinet i produced black and the top half of a skull . i the in a semi circle and lit them . a ceremonial dagger from the counter i sliced my finger . my blood i drew from the base of each candle and the skull on the point where they . after the ceremonial dagger to open the vacuum sealed liver i the liver next to the skull . i my left hand on the liver and my right hand on the skull taking care that the base of my were between the two nubby and that the heel of my palm on the intersection of the three . once again i closed my and took a deep breath . as i i felt my astral form slip away from my body . my astral form above the cancer stricken woman parallel with her body as it lay in the hospital bed . i out to her my clawed slipping into her abdomen hovering over her liver . the woman and her shot open as the sigil on my hand made contact with the tumor . the room filled with the and screeching of the myriad of she was hooked to as well as her as the tumor melted away from her liver . when it was completely gone i my again and was by a rancid stench my . the cancerous lump had been transferred to the deer liver and it . i continuously as i up of the ritual and carried the rank liver far away from my shack before tossing it into the . the next morning i woke up to the smell of bacon filling the house . i rolled out of bed and down . was in the kitchen cooking breakfast . i sat myself at the kitchen table and she set a cup of coffee next to me and sat across from me . she told me about how her aunt was found to be miraculously that the tumor on her liver had . when she the strange mark that to be into the woman s abdomen i rubbed my palm where the sigil had been the night before . i expressed how happy i was that her aunt was all better and that their ritual was such a success . the even their belief in their silly . in the following that night i three more on behalf of s . all were fairly minor but every successful ritual their belief in their childish . no matter how many they only to recognize the that were successful . not long after the third ritual was when to really fall apart . one of the many i love so dearly is because of how intelligent and astute she is . few went unnoticed by her and her ability to put two and two together is uncanny . those two lovely however are what brought about my current predicament . you see the night of the third ritual she was able to establish a patter . she that after every successful ritual i would disappear into the for . so she me . i had become complacent and was oblivious to my little shadow . when i departed from my shack after my ritual she slipped in to have a look . the next morning she was waiting for me at the kitchen table . she her phone down in front of me and an explanation for the on it . when i t respond she unloaded on me for my use of black magic . how dare i include her in evil without her consent ? had i no respect for her faith ? and how could i claim to love her and risk her eternal soul s resting place with such disregard ? her accusation of being included in a ritual without her consent was objectively wrong . i had simply taken the outcome of the her and used real magic to achieve those . she did not like my response . she exploded she a cacophony of and a few that t from the multitude of human i know . by the end of the yelling she had decided we were over and she out of the house . now i just want to be clear here even though she was technically correct to call it black magic the implication she applied to the magic i perform was incorrect . there is nothing inherently evil or cruel about my magic only the can make it good or evil . but i digress . i did everything i could to convince her to stay . i i i her that i was good to her that i her and provided for her . the rage in her heart would not be though . reason was lost to her in those and she would consider no other course . with a few more and some hurtful she was gone . she what she could carry and peeled out of my driveway . all i could do was cry . her leaving that way broke me inside . i t know what to do . so i turned to what i knew . kneeling in front of my orb i sank into the the darkness to envelope me . into the abyss went my and . i her back whatever it took i her back . then it came to me . a sigil formed and my clawed finger it . the that filled my mind made me sick . as i returned to my body the from my vision still in my head and i was once again reduced to . days faded into and into as i tried to move on with my life . without though i had no will to live . suicide crossed my mind more than a few times now i wish i had sacked up and just eaten that bullet . instead i found myself stalking watching her daily and . it was a few before i finally found the perfect opening to grab her . she was on her way back to her apartment from a bar and took an alley between the of two of . i sped to the other end of the alley and . when she the alley i put her in a sleeper hold and until she fell limp . i gave it an additional three count before i her gently on the black top . i the wrist and ankle from the back seat and bound her tight . it was a long trek through the with her struggling so much but we finally made it to the cabin . everything was prepared . the sigil was drawn and the were lit at the proper . after laying her down on the table in the center of the room i bound her to it . her were wild with fear pleading with me to let her go . i told her not to worry that it would only hurt for a little while and then we d be happy again . from her and her body . i slide the filet knife from its sheath on my hip and checked the edge . i t want to hurt her so i it to be as sharp as possible . again i the fear in her and for a moment i came to my . what was i doing ? how could i even contemplate doing something like this to her ? this t me . i could cut the ropes and let her run . then the whisper returned and i knew that this was my only hope of ever her love me again . i my work . moving as quickly and efficiently as i could . i first removed her clothing . once she was naked i let my experience with removing take control of my . her through the . understandable . first naval to clavicle . next naval to rectum around the clitoris and along the apex of the outer labia separating skin from anus . third clavicle to wrist taking special care with the close to the surface . this is when her went silent . blood loss is minimal and her pulse is strong . she s in shock . my work in silence until i have to flip her . the exposed muscle and other making contact with the wooden table her from her catatonic state . her becomes a challenge . the pitch of her my . i finish my work . every inch of her beautiful skin been removed except for her and head . i strip my own clothes off . warm blood on my skin as i draper her hide over my own skin . i find myself in my astral form floating in the abyss the sigil of the ritual i had just floating in front of me . the between the of the sigil acting as a window into the physical realm . i watch through the sigil as my physical body and with the on my back transforming into a monstrosity hideous beyond . i had never seen anything like it even in the abyss . a deafening howl out s ragged breathing . there was a blur of motion and the creature was gone its deafening howl fast fading into the distant . all i could think was what have i done ? from deep within the abyss i a deep soul chilling laugh rumble through the darkness . i instinctively turned to look but of course saw nothing in the blackness surrounding me . i could feel that something t right . when i turned back to the sigil to peer back into the physical realm i was with another disturbing sight . the skin of s face was gone and what was more her upper jaw had extended to resemble that of an animal . the skin and flesh had begun from her revealing the sharp finger . wait i t removed the skin from her face did i ? no i left the skin on her and head so i could reattach the hide after the ritual . t i ? that had been my plan what have i done ? why did i remove her face ? what purpose does that serve ? movement brought my attention back to the physical realm . the world was beginning to brighten with the first of dawn . the creature had returned and it exhausted as it blood across the wooden floor . it next to s table . its form to change again and i felt myself being back to the physical realm . i was back in my body but every fiber of my being was exhausted . again i slipped into darkness . i awoke as the sun was setting . as my and my vision i found my face less than an inch from s . her hazel were gone nothing but black . give it back . the came in a voice like of being crushed together beneath a cosmic weight . at first i thought i had it because her mouth t . then the voice came again only much give it back to me ! this time the demand was by a snap of her . i away to the other side of the cabin . she tried to come after me but she was still bound to the table . i sat against the wall of the cabin for a moment catching my breath . i been sitting with her for two days now neither of us have eaten or slept . her only are for me to return her skin . i tried giving it back to her yesterday but she just ripping and tearing at it . i it back from her before she could do too much damage to it but now i ' m out of . after this out it somehow even more up . i swear i ' m not a bad person . i just her to love me again i can t just leave her like this though . which is why i ' m here to ask for help . of the how do you kill a skinned ? well are quite mysterious sometimes i see weird that nothing to do with real life but a lot times i ' seen that me way too much . i always if our any connection with the different of ourselves . or if can predict the future . i was about when i saw this dream of a huge train accident i was a so i woke up at night covered in sweat i was afraid but my father told me whatever it was it was a nightmare so i ' t be worried . i ' t told anyone about what i saw in my dream . a few days later the news just made me and made my spine all chill . there was a disastrous train accident next to our town . i was speechless and afraid that night i ' t sleep properly because whatever i saw on i ' already seen it in my . i on from that until i saw a dream of someone very close of me dying . i was around then as far i can remember . and the same thing the person actually few days later exactly same thing when i was i saw my roommate suicide in my few days later i found out he actually suicide because of some heart break . at this point i was more and more confused about all of these and watching someone i know or unknown dying in front me was literally the hell out of me . the people i ' t know and i saw them dying in my were always more mysterious to me since i could never know if those unknown people i saw in my dying if they ' re already or if they ' re alive who maybe i ' seen them on the and forgot their since they were completely stranger to me . but eventually i never saw them again . also i ' t reaching out for them because it was like finding a needle in a big hay stack . were getting out of control i was getting depressed and i barely slept even since then i ' m just afraid of watching . these me until i grew up . recently i ' also seen one of my uncle dying in my dream and same thing just like before . but even so i ' t literally help anyone it was too late . sometimes i wonder if it ' s just a coincidence or if it ' s all true and i can see only this type of future . i ' m now and i ' m of these or whatever these are . i don ' t get enough sleep these days because who if i see someone close to me dying in my and i ' m unable to help them or maybe change the fate ? i really don ' t know and i am of these . but still it ' t matter for me since i ' m used to it these are scary but i ' m just with it now . sorry for bad god ' t who you think he is . i guess a better way to start this off is to introduce myself . my name is august and i m an employee for a privately quantum facility . without being too long winded about it my life been a hurricane of painful and odd that led me to do what i am today . i was brought up religious but quickly fell out of it when the i was given to fundamental about life had dead . have been a commonly absent fixture in my life . my dad left my mother and i one day when i was five . just gone . it me for a few until i was about when my pursuit for . an odd age to become existential but it . now i m . well in about two i be . and despite the of elusive behavior i finally upon a helping of quantum . so buckle up . in at the start of this historical year something in the desert in the south western corner of phoenix . in the region its impact with the earth ' s atmosphere as subtle but beautiful . my team was to action and to the area with and equipment that i could last a group like ours for a full year . this is big whatever we re about to see i told my colleague . anything discovered in quantum science is big she said me while wearing a smile . i mean this time we might be able to actually physically hold an answer to one of our universe ' s i . why else would they call us out here ? the long drive through the desert left me nervous . the s that transported our team treacherously sped through massive of cacti and scorching sun . if something anything at all were to go wrong we were for in every direction . we at an emergency response encampment just near the object . next to no time was wasted in our briefing before us to head over for our initial observation session . the official in charge of and the classification of the fallen space debris to us that thing fall make boom . no talk about thing . do as man say and if no follow rule then man make life bad . got it i alongside my team as they us into a dressing room . the we put on there were meant to protect us from possible radioactivity . but still scary . and from stage left in my life long friend panicked breathing . it s just space . take it easy reassured me zipping up her suit . right i m probably excited for nothing i my ominous sense of dread . the anxiety that was torturing my mind to slowly fade as they us out of the tent and toward the crash site . as we drew an odd sensation filled the air . it was like standing in front of a massive bass woofer vibrating your body from the inside out . the only difference ultimately being that there was an utter lack of sound within this zone of vibration . we could speak but the sound only traveled about two before entirely . due to this fact we were forced to communicate with hand when at any greater a distance . my entire team was in shock . though we tried to focus on our work and use our time within the zone wisely it was difficult not to catch of what the on . ' it ' was far from any ordinary space rock . in fact it was anything but . it was flat and circular with of char trickling across either side . that ' s from entering the atmosphere another teammate pointed out . the glass like stone was dark grey in color and may have at one time possessed a glossy finish where now it was mostly matte . this t unnerved by the odd phenomenon . " nothing in our universe could churn out something like this naturally . " something made this i said torn between wonder and fear again . we have to consider two if that ' s what ' s on the table our senior scientific lead . it s arrival on our planet is either accidental or it t . and then it stopped . everything stopped . i around at everyone ' s face waiting for them to continue our conversation but it never . " hey ? " i with no response . " august ? " a voice spoke . it was like an echo coming from the disc behind me . i shook but he ' t budge . " august that ' s not going to do anything " the voice . i hesitantly turned around and faced the disc which was still in the ground . the voice had been directly from it . " how do you know my name ? " i exasperated and with horror in my voice . " i just the little thing told me . " " little what ? " " oh sorry you can ' t see my side . um i guess for you you ' d call it a screen . " " who are you ? " i completely . " me ? well i guess i ' m god . " " i ' m i ' m sorry ? " " i am " laughter from the disc throwing off the ominous of terror i had become by . " what ? what ' s happening ? " i out heavy as i desperately for a crew of and i don ' t know maybe to walk out . " i ' m sorry really but i mean the truth is where you ' re from i technically am god it ' s just funny like one day you wake up and you ' re from restorative and the next day you ' re " god of system ' . " " restore what " " listen august i actually don ' t have a ton of time we call it that too i ' already been waiting about an hour since lunch to watch you evolve to the point you ' re at now but i wrap up . " " wait wait what does that mean ? " wrap up ' ? " " i had to do an emergency shut down my boss is coming and i to give you a shot before they re fabricate all the old down here . " " i don ' t understand a shot ? a shot at what ? " i struggling to keep up with the conversation as my understanding of reality came down around me . " i would love to explain it all to you but it won ' t change anything " he told me the pace of his voice down . " did you you said " had to ' ' t you . " an understanding hit me as the left my . " i did . i did " he took a deep breath in and out as he . i in contemplation . his settle in my soul . " if we had done " it ' would we not have been shutdown ? " " if you had we ' t be able to " he . " all these old get so close but never quite do it . " his voice almost guilty as he spoke now . " you said right ? " i . " yea . " " what ' s death like ? " he was quiet for a little while . i found myself surprisingly patient as i for his reply . " freeing " he finally . i . i don ' t know that he actually had that information to offer me but his confidence in his response was comfort enough . " last thing " i . " why did you come down here ? why even tell us ? " " i ' m not supposed to do this " he with a whisper . " do what ? " he was silent for another beat before whispering even quieter . " the shutdown it . . . ' t exactly the " end ' . in fact some might say it ' s a second chance . us talking now . it is the shutdown procedure . " i . i knew that what i was hearing now was key essential to remember and interpret in the coming . " thanks . " " good luck august . " the vibration dissipated slowly until the sound of desert wind could be . " what ? ! " a soldier at the disc . a heap of dark grey sand was piled where it had just been . " i can hear them " spoke as she toward the distant . " it " out . and just like that the job was over . a wind up and swept away the dust scattering it across the massive desert . over the last several i ' worked tirelessly with my team . i my story and they all agreed it ' s best that we assume what i experienced was real . we ' and calculated exactly what we think and the are looking for but we need your help . to be the beginning of a systematic of what we know . we believe that with time will degrade further and further . not just society but everything . unless we fix the machine . our formula that we have comprised based on the the shutdown revealed is telling us that the we need to do the job ' t that you or i can hold in our . it that a common thread in the early of shutdown have been a lack of sympathy or even empathy . a cord in our humanity is . a cord that us to unite . to love with our entire being those around us and even those not . call me crazy or a hippy or whatever you want . but i believe we can solve this equation . i believe we can love . our of communication prove that we have a desire to reach beyond arm ' s length but we can ' t succeed if we don ' t reach together . so i ' m you to do just that . spread love . everywhere the opportunity itself reach out and take it . hold open the door for someone . smile . cause even if i ' m wrong why die with anything other than love in your heart ? i am posting this because i need help . i have turned to family even the police only to be shut down . i need to know if anyone else had a similar experience and if so what they did . i woke up this morning after a great nights sleep . it was the first time in a long time where i was actually able to fall asleep and stay asleep through the night . i thought it was going to be a good day but i was so so wrong . you see my had always been known for her bright personality for her love and acceptance i was so grateful to have someone like her as a . however when i went downstairs something was off . her bright personality somehow even which might not sound alarming but it t feel right . as soon as i came down she stopped down the table . she froze in that position turned her head towards me and just . a large eerie grin . i t know what to make of it and she t respond so i left the house with coating my arms . down the street there was an old man waiting for the bus . the man was . he always to be grumpy alone and talking to his at all . as i he turned his head towards me and . to say it was unsettling would be an understatement . i back at him nervously and kept walking because what else could i do ? soon enough i the that about from my home a few ago . it should have been open but the door t budge and it was as if the were tinted because i t see inside . i tried the car dealership across the road just because i felt as though i was going insane and to see another human . another normal human . but it was all the same . dark locked . i tried the nearby the local anything i could walk too . i knew it t a prank . only an idiot would think that . but i really had no explanation for what was going on . the on the road in the parking lots they were all empty . still with their shut on if they were somewhere where they to signal . but no one driving them . i ran back home . was still at the bus stop smiling . my was still down the table smiling . i ran to my room to find my dad in the bathroom . his back was to me he t turn around but he could see me in the reflection and was still smiling right at me . i am now locked in my bedroom and i am this as fast as possible . i don t know who these people are but i the sound of my dad walking downstairs at a quick pace with loud even . his walking t even sound natural . i can hear them whispering but i can t make out what they re saying and i feel sick . and it s getting hard to resist . my own mouth is trying to force itself into a grin . update i m back with an update . i could hear my walking throughout the house but their were just . . . off . they were too even too sounding almost . like listening to a stiff doll try to walk across a room . it just t right and was straight up creepy . i stayed in my room all night and for most of today until the sun to set . i was at first too afraid to leave . i could hear my humming downstairs and my dad walking past my room over and over . he just kept turning around at the end of the hall and walking back . looking for me ? guarding my room ? who . i t tell if these were harmless or not but they re creepy as hell nonetheless . the urge to smile kept coming back . it ridiculous but it really was hard to fight . it felt like something was there gripping the of my mouth and trying to pull them up . and it that the bigger i the more blurry my vision and the quieter got . i m of turning into one of them . soon enough they were both outside my door humming a strange tune in sync . i they t try to open my door and they t . not right away at least . i decided to take a advice and leave through the window . i t know what else i d find outside but it had to be better than trapped in my room . first i a bag . i in a couple half empty of water from my dresser . thank god i t to my a few days ago when she told me to bring those down . i t have any food so i in some clothes my phone charger and some . i might be surrounded by smiling people but that t mean i m myself burn . as i my window the handle to my bedroom door to slowly turned . i don t know if that was the moment they finally decided to come in or if they could hear that i was trying to leave . i outside and ran towards the field behind my house . i took one glance back and saw both my staring at me through the window a huge grin on their . i m now in a shed i found after a couple of walking down a rocky road just out of town . it was unlocked and i don t think anyone is around to notice my presence since the house is in pretty bad condition and no are in the driveway . it s a little chilly and like literal in here but i don t really have anywhere else to go . i have no clue if there are any other near me but please please help if you know something . if you are in southern and everyone suddenly smiling at you like they re doing for me run . if i make it through the night i promise i will update this post again soon . update the next morning i checked the to the house both were locked . i found a brick and a window to get inside . there was a pretty small amount of food in the and one of the but luckily clean drinking water . i took a shower filled up my some and around . there were two one was the master and one was most likely a guest room since there t any clothes or anything . a small living area a bathroom a kitchen . a normal house . it was a lot better than the shed so i decided to make it my temporary home until i figured out what the hell is going on . i my home phone . it rang only once before someone picked up . all i was breathing . ? i said . no answer . i honestly t just out by what was happening but also . my t my . as the sun set i made sure every door was locked and all of the were closed . but as i made it to the last window the one in the kitchen . i saw that outside there was someone standing there staring at me . someone with a huge smile on their face . though it is not you would understand more context if you check out my previous post starting here and the name is ross . i ' m and the last three of my life might be a lie . i say might because i ' m still not sure whether i believe what ' s written on this journal that i found in an old box along with some other unusual . for quick context i had posted about something weird happening with the in our neighborhood who were starting to be with my little brother . i do not remember making the post nor the that during those times . though it to the that had actually based on what i can remember now . in the old box i found this journal where i would tell some that are vital to the that i am going to tell you . i also found a picture of me my and a shaved head girl whom i cannot remember . it look like it was taken when i was in . two that i don ' t know what it . written on one of them is " " and the other " . last but not the least an old drawing of me sleeping with nine grinning on the edge of the bed with a figure behind them . that ' s about the that might help me uncover more of what ' s happening . i ' start with the journal . the journal is a typical journal with math and until you get to the middle . a few blank and then in my handwriting about what ' s happening in our neighborhood . i do not remember writing them . entry one i ' start this off by saying that i keep losing track of time . i ' write here to make sure i have a way to refresh my memory and remember what . i keep forgetting losing i was just a few ago and worse no recollection of certain in my day . for example i had ridden my bike yesterday to go buy some food in the nearest i remember leaving and the food then when i was peddling back home one moment i see the crossing sign and then i open my i was in living room with a bone of a chicken in my hand and adventure time on the . i had no idea how i got there . i my brother what time i got home and he said it was two after i left the house and i came out of the walking with the bag of food . was about away in bike and i even lost that damn bike ! my kill me for sure . now do you understand what i mean by losing track of time ? so if i forget anything i ' just read through this . school been the same same classes same no new well except for . i ' t really say is a friend yet but we a few times already and he ' s a neighbor so it sense that we out . we together in his place after we had a quick talk when he me when i got sick a few days ago . i don ' t remember what we about except when he that the just hanging together . in our street there was at least one per household so it was funny that the only hanging around these past few . my little brother just becoming with them but we ' re new so it sense he ' t go out as much as the other yet . there ' s also another girl the same age as us but i haven ' t met her yet . people often said she was a creative thinker which i thought was a nice way to say she was a . anyway we were in the kitchen taking a quick break from the importance of history when out of the kitchen and into the forest at the back of our . immediately stood and . i whether to follow and ultimately decided i should be more helpful . as i would describe her is a different child . she had no medical or the but she strange at times . by strange i mean she a lot . she would often peek behind a door frame hide behind or just stand in my peripheral vision staring and giggling to herself . she would run away if i look at her or her . said she ' s just shy and to play hide and seek . i often off her though it made me uncomfortable at times . i into the edge of the forest and he was grumbling to himself . " i hate it when she does this . " he . " she often to the ? " i quite worried . anything could happen inside this dark dense and silent . to the fact that there are multiple horrible people in this world . we a few more where we ' s giggling and a few later we saw a small clearing where she stood silently . i back to see that the house can still be spotted in the distance . we went to her and i saw she was just standing still and staring blankly at us . she was holding a single clean black . was quick to edify her and tell her why it ' s not safe to run off . he tried to pull her to get back to the house but she was motionless and ' t budge . he tried to carry her to no avail as if her were stuck on the ground . i decided to help out and took the shoe out of her hand . the moment she let go of the shoe she fell to the ground luckily was quick enough to catch her . he carried her and at me sorrily . " i can ' t believe she would run here just to lay down and fall asleep in the ground . " said shaking his head . " lay down and sleep ? she was standing fully open here holding this shoe . " i at him weirdly and the shoe . " what do you mean ? she was lying down when we got here . why would she carry that dirt shoe ? " he gave me a funny look and to walk towards the house . i at the shoe and saw that it was dirty and the sole was in mud . i immediately threw the shoe into the ground and my hand on my jeans . i swear it was clean when i took it . i felt something was off and picked the shoe back up . i inside the shoe and saw there was a clean neatly folded paper inside . written was a list of typical milk sugar dishwashing liquid and the . what was peculiar about the list is that on the bottom of the note was written " for august " which was a few ahead . not that there ' s anything wrong ahead of time though making one for the ahead ' t make sense with me . i folded the paper and it inside of my pocket . i back towards the house and i felt this overwhelming urge to look back . i to the desire and behind me . beyond the a person stood . i ' t make out any but a shaved head and large pair of . the person quickly turned and went into the forest . it gave me the so i hurriedly went back into the kitchen where sat with a book in his . we went back and never the event that again . as if nothing and i ' t bring myself to ask him he was embarrassed by the incident . the day by and continued sleeping on the living room couch and i went back home just before my and brother came home . i ' m writing this right now because i don ' t know why ran off the forest acting like nothing strange or who the person in the forest was but i know it did happen . i need to write all of this since i ' m trouble if we ate or drank water when we took a break before ran out or why it like we in the forest for looking for when it was just beyond the where the house can still be seen . i ' write more if anything unusual . end of entry . i closed the journal and i felt a little lightheaded . i know it redundant by now but i don ' t remember the except that i studied with which we did all throughout until we had a sudden . there are more that i need to read through or analyze . i don ' t know what ' s happening here or if anything of the i had wrote down actually . will drop by in a few and maybe we ' be able to find out more about this . for now i will read more and update if anything important comes up . part file lppatient name age test also known as divination through technology . for as complex as us are we learned how to store everything in the world s and . it s almost contradictory when we champion our species with our of being incredibly complex different and wildly unique to store our history in such simple . there s a certain beauty in that . one you can seemingly lose yourself in . like a blacksmith s forge you can create and redefine yourself as anyone you ever to be . and it all around those and . can something so simple really be the end all be all ? . . . bony resting on my right shoulder brought me back to life . oh . . . sorry tara . i thought a few of coffee would keep me alert . . she just in reply . trust me it like you the rest . and i don t think that any other choice but to let you laze around during the backup . although she was my manager i had known tara since we both graduated from community college . made a strong showing at our annual job fair and from the starting pay i was i knew they were desperate for anyone who even knew how to use . the clock it was am only a couple since i had . it had felt like an eternity however . although tara nothing can go wrong tonight it was a rather basic job . you just make sure the connection t get cut in the middle of the transfer . but even a monkey on could handle this . its i think soon i be done with this overnight of data transfer and go back home where i can fry some and egg get into my and and watch some south park . like bald in the rain i m drifting again . looking to my to check the connection was the first time i had it . unlike every other folder on my it was magenta . thinking i just had too much yerba before my shift i ignore it until it to flash with an aura . the name was simply . zip nothing more nothing less . inside led to three file mother first i t understand what these could lead to but a black . up choose one file . the future of those lie within . inaction is not a choice here . the sudden pounding of my heart in the of my chest felt like a jackhammer as my mind to race . this had to be some sort of hallucination on my part . did these company even allow outside to be saved ? slowly i tried to ignore it once again . but pretty soon all of my current were closed saving the slowly blinking archaic looking text box blinking back at me . it to type something back to me . this is no accident . i need you . you look at how do not . unique . the flashing of the text indicator locked me in a hypnotic trance . slowly i was beginning to realize this was the real thing . and sometimes are better off in your head . choose . remain . if you do not comply i will be forced to infect which i have access to thanks to your terminal . of sweat to well up on my nose and . i t deal with this alone . i back the chair to text tara hey can you come here real quick ? be quiet . urgent . in thirteen flat tara had made her way over to my cubicle from her glass walled office . i almost fell out of my chair meeting her in stride . something bad is happening you need to see this this ai on my computer ! when we made it back to my computer only the of my grandmother s cat valentine us . tara slowly backwards . you re sure you re right ? i could only stare back at her in disbelief . for up absolutely nothing so instead i sat there with my jaw partially agape . i you saw that too right ? or am i truly going insane here ? i she swung her handbag over her shoulder . just . . . please don t screw this up . i don t care whatever you may be on but some of us have better to be tonight . and just like that she had as quickly as she . this hellish i had unleashed on my computer was taunting me . whatever this thing was had a mind of its own . and i had no choice but to play its game . slowly i to type a reply what is your purpose here ? money ? the machine to hesitate only for a split second . you . now choose your mother your potential love or yourself ? i back into my office chair and gave the machine s proposal serious thought . i already had a dreadful suspicion this job would be all i have day in and day out so it almost futile to look into my own future . and plus i read a few about how well that goes . so that left my mother and tara . my mother was still alive but i had made the mental preparation to lose her a very long time ago . that only left one logical choice for me to make . and it was surprisingly simple to mouse over to her file as well . as though i knew i had this . taking one last breath i made a hasty double click on tara s name . inside was just a video . a simple mp with an all black thumbnail . hovering over it t give me a total . hesitantly i . the camera came to a couple after . a door and we were in one of the on our floor . it was making its way down a long hallway approaching something . a man behind the camera then slowly something making a hefty click . the camera ' s revealed the back of tara ' s pastel blouse but before she could turn around the assailant the blade into her side . a pained series is as the blade its way into her soft bloody flesh four more times with ease . her lifeless body now over across the cream colored wall it with a red tinge . this what you ? my mind for an answer . this t be real . this cannot be real . i down the hallway but i stopped as i came across a dark hallway knowing what would await me . running back to my computer i . if my whole livelihood were to be stripped away now i at least an answer . one last message me . you only me to jump . you never said how high . the above is a conversation from lp when the patient ' s mental state was still considered stable . project produced ripe for introduction of . patient while protocol active . lp is currently being at as of this day june nineteenth . round my could be more than mysterious at times . i knew exactly that they had for this game that they t tell me about . that there were they knew and ' t share with me . none of this was a coincidence . the game ' t found us we had found it . and every single one of us was in it to win . no matter what it took . still seeing the that my friend would have taken to win this game left a bitter taste in my mouth . i ' t like to admit it but seeing my friend like that had up a deep fear inside of me . not only because i to see how far he was ready to go for this game but because i had never seen him happier than at the moment when he almost sent a man to death . the fear however was by a much emotion . anger . i was furious . could ruin everything for us with his impulsive behavior . there were so many running through my mind starting with how on earth we had won this round . there was a chance that thought he had cost the jester his life but how would he have proved it ? the man was alive and well because of s quick decision making . he had saved him . i was the one who simply . all while wondering if we were even making the right choice . on the other hand ' t even bat an eye before running to save the one who was torturing us . could i trust this new player or was he wearing a mask like everyone else the game ? and i got inside the next subway that and made our way back to the side of town we came from . i to talk to about what had just and was nervous as their team t the round yet . that was your friend right ? as we sat down in the empty subway . we had been quiet for the past just our and . i . that s wild . even from the distance i him right away . his face t a bit he continued . his face ? i . he s wearing a mask in the photo how would even know what his face like . s face turned red as if he had just said something he t supposed to . i mean it a bit distorted maybe . i don t know . . is he dangerous ? now i had no idea how to answer this question . was my friend dangerous ? no is a decent guy . i have no idea why he just did that i . ? i thought his name was was interrupted by the speaker the next stop . oh i need to get off . can i give you my number though ? i feel like we could help each other with this game . sure i said . and we . got up to leave but before stepping out he turned around once more . i m sure we meet again soon . i m for you he at me and left the subway . i had no idea how knew my real name . or how he knew . i had no idea about anything that had just but for now my focus was on getting to my apartment and talking to . when i got inside however she t there yet . but was standing outside my front door . yo we did it ! he said and raised his fist in the air . the sight of my friend filled me with an unspeakable rage . before i knew it i was pushing him against the wall . what the man ? what is wrong with you ? i . at me with a confused look on his face . we agreed we would only take a photo . what kind of psychopath are you ? i continued . me away with unexpected strength . what s wrong with you ? what s wrong with me ? you re the one murder for some game ! was it worth the win ? i . suddenly i felt an arm me away . whoa what s going on ? . no idea me for no reason no reason ? he the jester on the train . he tried to kill him without showing any remorse . and then he had the audacity to smile i felt my chest moving up and down . what train track ? dude i was at the mall . i t even see the jester said . then how did we win the round ? i . i saw him in at the bowling center . she got the game phone out of her pocket and us the notification . team w ! you ! try to aim for more next time he was just around from one lane to the other in the center . the place was with other wearing and some without . everyone taking . they all awfully normal though said . good job ! the mall was with too but i t spot any in . you were not at the mall . what kind of are you trying to pull off ? i almost . calm down whispered whatever at that station we made it . can we go inside now please ? i was still furious but was right . we made the round . our point score went up and we each received a third of the money . they it as a team effort . for now we were safe but i would have to keep a close look at . the next of the evening i kept to myself mostly . i took a shower got and wrote down my . and excitedly about their . the way they both it like a normal game . lots of young people gathering around to catch something just like they when go came out a few ago . all while i almost saw a man die . we made it ! my buddy caught a pic at the mall . he said it was crazy people were trying to rip out the poor guy s ear till security came . you alright ? i up to and in the living room to show them the text i met another guy at the station today the game . he was the only other one there actually i said . you said there was no jester at the mall right ? this again ? seriously ? i left the mall after . maybe that dude up afterward . why do you have this guy s number ? . he for it . so we could help each other . don t worry i m being careful now . you don t trust me but you trust some stranger ? ever thought that you just ran into some trap ? why were there no other people at the station ? s location and mine were both . now that he that it did really not make much sense . i mean sure we t in the town hall but the station underneath . still most people would have taken the subway there you can t get to the center in a car . and we saw absolutely no one but the jester . do you know what team he was on ? i shook my head . no but i could probably recognize him in the photo if he s not wearing a mask . i scrolled through a bunch of . more had there was also one more whose photo turned grey with bloody . there that s him i handed the phone back to my . it was and one other guy . their team is the second highest one ! . wait a sec i think i know these . they went to high said as he the phone yeah i definitely seen them . one of them worked at the coffee house in the center . you know which one i mean ? . that was the town right next to the one where and i were born . the place that had ruined both of our . the place that we had left behind us ago to start over . we are basically on the opposite side of the country this can t be a coincidence quietly said . he knew my real name . and he said that he knew you too i said towards . dun dun dun god i hate this sound said before she read out the notification we had just received from the game phone . round figure out if you really know your ! and i a look . this game knew exactly what was going on and it was me . i was sick of being their game piece . i suggest we don t do anything before they send another notification . if they haven t the since round said . yeah to be fair there t much we can do with this right now anyway . we had no idea what to do with this information or with the fact that knew who we were . we text him but and i agreed to stay put for now . we decided to take turns awake so that one person would be awake when we received the next clue or assignment . it was am and i was the only one awake . could i trust my ? i was wary of but the more i thought about it the i felt around as well . she did know that we had to smile for the photo . she was the one who easily caught the jester and i could still swear that i had locked the window last night but stayed awake after and i went to bed . my phone . at first i thought it was the game phone but that one only made the shrill sound . i had just gotten a text from smile . the number that had me on the first day . lovely do you know your ? come to location alone and you might figure out who is fake and who is not alone . they had sent this to me privately . it was clear what i had to do next . i made sure my were fast asleep before the knife my mask and getting inside my car . i t like going there on my own but i had to understand that this game took their punishment very literally . and i t like to find out what that like for this round . besides i t know what kind of and might be from the game . i had to watch out for everything and everyone . the address led me to the bridge in town . the one on that over the deep river with a steady stream . i ' t know what to expect me at this place but about away i saw two standing at the railing . as i closer i received a new message . fake need to be . save your friend and push the other to their death make the right choice and your team . . i felt the knot in my stomach tie . i had a terrible feeling that i would be looking into the of and . a push from this height could cost someone their life . i ' t be able to do this to either of my . i thought i would try my luck to get some more information and so i back the number . what if i don ' t push either ? i back . we consider you a fake friend too . you can spare your friend and choose to dive . for a moment i thought about turning around and running . forgetting all this ever and escape somewhere they would never find me . but i knew that ' t be possible . they would just come for my family instead . and so i took a deep breath and towards the two in the dark . as i got closer i i had been half right . it was but ' t here . the other person was . they were both standing on the other side of the railing with on so i could see the face of neither . ' s were shaking but almost calm . " ? " i quietly . he ' t answer " " ? i said next but he ' t answer either but i could see his panicked underneath the mask . of course i ' t know this boy well but could i really push him just to save myself and my friend ? even if i did kill him i still ' t know for sure if that would win us the round . i kept thinking and thinking while was shaking even more . soon he would slip even without a push . how could i know for sure that was the fake friend ? i had only just met him and had been acting particularly shady and dangerous . he was the one who lied and almost the jester . and suddenly something in my head . i collected all my strength and over the edge . round part part xb so definitely ' t going according to plan . i ' d deliberately broken rule number as part of patty ' s plan to get the brat to leave me alone . what i ' t realize was just how poorly thought out this whole thing had been . here i was standing in the middle of the basketball court at the stroke of midnight holding the bloody head of an insidiously grinning black eyed . said head was also telling me to run . if you up the dictionary for the definition of a i ' m certain it would be this exact situation . sighing i my conversation with patty that day . " about that sir i have an idea . . . " she shot me a mischievous grin . " typically there ' s no problem with breaking rule number . in fact most of the i know about have ended after a simple game with the and his grandma . if you win they leave you alone . on the other hand if you lose he ' keep coming back for you night after night to play with you again . " i don ' t remember with him though . " patty i don ' t remember with the brat . i ' m ashamed to admit when i my i out . " patty her finger at me looking like she was trying to stifle her laughter . " in my defence i " " no need to explain yourself sir . well since you out it you ' the game . that ' s why that . and from now on they ' be on you every night . well you can always sleep early though . but on the days you can ' t you ' have to be mentally prepared to play " i . so what she ' s saying is that i just have to intentionally play that brat ' s game and win . " so essentially you ' re telling me to play with the brat tonight ? what kind of stupid game are we talking about ? catch ? " my a strange smile from patty . she ' s awfully jovial about this whole situation . " not quite well the game is sort of like hide and seek . " great . " first off when the you his ball that ' signal the start of the game . once the game you ' have two win . one get from wherever you are to the boathouse and dump the ball into the sea via the window . you ' know which one when you get there . or two hide somewhere safe and evade the grandma until dawn . " " how the hell do you know so much about this ? " " sir . it ' s rude to pry . a woman ' s have an air of mystery after all . " that just like an awfully indirect way to say she ' s their game before . " right . so i just need to dump the ball into the sea ? that ' s it ? do i have to start the game in my room ? " " by the boathouse window sir . you can ' t just run onto the beach and throw the ball into the sea . that ' make them mad . and no . the game can start anywhere except in the boathouse that ' rig the game in your . " right . " so here are my . " out the map of the base i pointed to the firing range . " if i start here the boathouse is about to the northeast . at full sprint i should make it within a minute then that ' be the end of it . " " i really ' t recommend that . there ' s too many and no cover . if the fan there ' s no way for you to hide . trust me sir there ' s absolutely no way you ' re going to outrun the grandma . " that ' t make sense at all . well if she i can ' t outrun her i ' just hide from her . " what about the armory ? i can grab the ball lock myself up in the armory and just sleep till morning . " " that will be more difficult than you think sir . honestly i don ' t think it ' s possible to stay in one location with the ball sir . " well this is beginning to seem impossible . as i studied the map the of plan to form in my mind . i see ! this could work . no wonder i ' t have been able to just hide with the ball . " run ! run away ! grandma ' s coming ! " there to be genuine frustration from the brat ' s voice . for the first time his mouth ' t in a wide grin . his as he straight into my and . " run ! " i snapped out of it and dashed to the left towards the empty reserved for visiting . right . my objective is the boathouse . i ' have to assume the enemy an unknown of the brat so i can ' t dwell in one place too long . the door open with my left shoulder the smell of blood filled my . it was as though the smell had the entire building . and clung to every single inch of it . my boot sank into the floor like it was a sponge and the loud squelch stopped me dead in my . what the ? i at the floor . blood was around my boot into my . hesitating i back only to see a white shadow heading straight for me . she was crawling towards me all four moving in tandem at such impossible they like a blur . her mouth was far than was humanly possible . inside were upon of glistening pointed teeth specked with of red . her were locked on to me . or more specifically what i was holding . ah . perhaps my of self preservation took over . but i into the hallway the that each footfall . i the smell of blood . i the urge to look back . i the laughter from my . i just ran . holy . i ' m not be able to outrun her . " to the left sir . " what ? " turn left now ! " i turned . it was an impossibly long hallway that in no way fitted in with the building ' s floor plan . " third door on the right sir . " i the frenzied laughter coming from the monstrosity behind me and on the voice giving me . that always just out of reach the third door was so nondescript i nearly it . it blended in with the so well i ' t have known it was a door if not for the red glowing keyhole . there was no knob . ah what the hell . i into it not it to fling open as i . stumbling through the air i the brat ' s head close to my body . bracing myself for impact i ' t expect to land on sand . i turned the building was now behind me . i was now on the beach . huh ? a sudden sharp pain me out of my confusion . i down . the brat bit me ! " you . . " " grandma . over . here ! " ah . at his scream a white figure leapt from the roof of the building and landed with a sickening splat . the scraping of against concrete any hope that the fall had somehow it and she flew into a crawl towards me faster than she was in the beginning . " the boathouse is to your right sir go . " i ran . the boathouse was a hundred away . . the crackle of sand behind me told me that she was catching up . . . . this was perhaps the hundred dash of my entire life . " come ! " her shriek like it came from directly behind me . . i the door to the boathouse open and leapt inside just as a pair clammy my ankle . her long black were digging into my skin and drawing blood me towards her with ferocious strength . her mouth and as she harder and harder . her black to gleam with anticipation . she was . i twisted my body and into the boathouse . at the far end of the room was a broken window with a trail of bloody hand beneath it . you ' know which one when you ' re there . i really hope this is it . i the brat ' s head through the broken window . she let go . " ! " and she leapt after the head disappearing through the window . relief washed over me and i let out a sigh . i am never going through this again . " well well well sir . like you beat the game ! " and the owner of the voice stepped out of the . at me and his smile yet . " i guess you owe me one now don ' t you sir ? " xb ah . so you are me because i t kill myself the detective raised his . no one is you of anything . we don t even know if a crime been . but something horrible and you are the only witness . so we need you to tell us anything that might help us from keeping this from happening again . were you there ? i mean after i him . yeah . i don t think they all . not at first at least . they t . i t ask which part of my comment he was to . i t want to know . another officer interrupted us with coffee . it had to be what am now ? i t tired . i t really awake either . the coffee was surprisingly good . not bad yeah the on the graveyard shift take their coffee very seriously . some kind of pour over i think . don t ask about it you learn more about and than any sane person would care to know . but that s how you know you t in trouble we don t waste the good stuff on . the detective spoke slowly and evenly . he s me i . he was a hard man to read . there was a real warmth to him . he t be able to talk me down like this if there t . but there was very little warmth in his . there was intelligence and focus but very little warmth . that worried me . i t think that my story was going to make his life any easier . i was on the balcony to watch the storm roll in . i . we spend so much of our running and from the weather . and that . there s something so profound ? something like that . something so profound about a thunderstorm . everything goes quiet . you don t notice all of the of living the and the and the people until it all at once . rumbling in the distance . then slowly the start to disappear . the moon away . this was right about when the power went out and it was pitch black out there . the wind . you never notice the wind either until it comes from the wrong direction the wrong . wrong wrong wrong . the detective t have about any of this but he had woven his spell and he t break it . he just at me with his intelligent cold . we our coffee . then suddenly the world . there really t any other way to describe a lightning strike . it becomes perfectly clearly why the knew that lightning was the weapon of the king of the wreathed in his fury . it becomes perfectly clear how martin found god in an instant . we think of electricity as our friend as the little sparks that come out of our wall . watch out ! be with that battery or you get a little shock ! no the lightning is not our friend or our enemy or our anything it is just so much more than us . being near a lightning strike us just how small and quiet we really are but with the ending of the world comes a bizarre clarity . it t become day exactly . sunlight gently throughout the world always from the same direction always making the same familiar . the world you see by lightning is harsh and wrong . and in the first flash i saw that every person in my building was on their balcony . idly i if i was dying . i certainly weird but i could chalk that up to the coffee and the hypnotic cop . i probably should be dying . i was weirdly that i probably t . you been to the building you know that it is basically a giant c . there is a little duck pond in the center and all of the have a balcony it . no on the outside of the building just a hallway leading to the . the outside more like a parking garage than an apartment building but the inside is downright lovely . i love just sitting out on my balcony watching the and watching blow in the detective me back to the topic at hand . he was kind enough smart enough not to fully break his hypnosis but there was no mistaking that he t here to discuss architecture . those cold intelligent had very slightly . but the shape of the building is important because the curvature that i can see every balcony from my own . i m on the th floor so i can see pretty much everything . there are total . and in the lightning i could see everyone every single person standing out on their balcony . that t happen . people go inside well people always go inside but especially when there is lightning . but before i could see much of anything it was dark again and but for the lightning i would have thought i was alone out there . there were what people out there in the space as me ? i t see them but i could feel them i guess . the rain t yet and it was silent except for the wrong wind . the detective quietly . and you t notice anything strange about them ? apart from them all being out at the same time ? the flash was so fast and i t know they were there . sorry . but about later there was another lightning strike the world ended again . i . i really don t want to tell this next part . i know . but you have to . for the first time i saw a glimmer of warmth in the detective s . he meant what he said . both . i continued suddenly and irrationally with how my voice . they were all standing on their . we have these big concrete that you can put on and they were all standing on them . every person . i don t think they were looking at me . but it was just a flash . just a fraction of a second . and my mind is filling in all of the stuff that i t have seen because it was just a fraction of a second and i was only where i was . and i t know why they were standing on their . and i t know why they were all doing it together . and then it was dark again and i t see them but i knew that they were all still there standing on their . and i should have done something but i t realize that until about an hour later . i was babbling and i was furious that i was babbling . i brought the cup with the good coffee up to my mouth but the good coffee was all gone so i t even delay for a second to drink my coffee and there were so many piled up on the ground when i saw them in the lightning and i don t think that they were all dead . and then ? the detective with his cold warm hard . and then it to rain . back when i to university every day with we always the same way because it was the . now i always walk the long way . always . we d wander along lost in our conversation talking about or or or looming . i d met in my first week there and i was grateful to him although he t know it . i d had well something of a breakdown . i can t remember much of it . standing on a bridge over the river while a soft rain fell around me like . and firm . a chemical fog and white and feeling like i was in fairyland to sleep away the human . then small with cream and softly spoken people behind cheap in kind . i got better to the point where i could go back to university but i still with anxiety being out of the house and although it got a little better it never went away . i wonder if it ever will . so someone to walk in with me well and we got into a routine . then we the broken window . the house was like all the with peeling and dirty for for asylum for those who had nowhere else to go . this one was on the corner so it its shabby front to the side street and turned its flank to the main road . this side was featureless apart from one window on the ground floor glazed with frosted glass so that those walking past could not see in . the glass had been broken now and it hung loosely together like rotting teeth around the of the frame . it s hard not to be curious when you see something like that so we took a look in . a thin brown curtain against the inside of the window frame shivering fitfully in the chill breeze smelling of damp . that t look good said and he across the pavement towards it . maybe we t interfere " i said but he had already through the window and the curtain to one side . i up and down the street nervous but no one was around and my curiosity got the better of me . the room was empty of life but it silent in the way a place does when someone is just about to speak . none of the furniture to be with any purpose . a sagging bed angled out from beside a wall . a wooden chair stood pointless and broken in the middle of the room . a chest of drawers was near the far wall not close enough to be against it not far enough to be anywhere else . a door in the far wall was open leading to a narrow passageway . the room smelt of damp and loneliness but despite this i felt as if had the curtain aside just after someone had left the room . the next morning the in the park across the road were being shaken by the chill wind and spiteful rain cold and hard in horizontal . we with our down to keep the rain out of our and as we the house we ' t resist looking at the window . the curtain first one way then another the fabric to the outside one moment then blown back into the room another . we stole a quick glance in the curtain back and we saw the woman . she was standing just outside the room in the narrow passageway as if she had been walking past but had then stopped to see who it was who was in through her window . " sorry " i . " i ' m sorry . the woman at us her face pale . her mouth as she said something we could hardly hear and then she down the hallway out of sight like smoke being blown away . the wind and the curtain fell back into place . from the embarrassment of the woman ' s stare i hurried us away anxious in case some violent hulk of a shouting and demanding to know why we were acting like . with me all the way into university . he was convinced she had said help me leave here . i that it might not have been that it might have like that but maybe she said something different and anyway we t get involved in anyone s business . i felt my stomach cramp my shiver with electricity of my anxiety . perhaps she ' t in the house of her own free will said . he had read about people who into the country promising them a better life but forcing them into the sex trade . or maybe she had a violent husband a pimp a dealer her house like a cuckoo s nest . by he had made his mind up . he was going to go back and see what was going on he was going to go into the house and speak to the woman through the window if she t answer the door . i tried to persuade him otherwise told him maybe he should speak to the police or social but he had decided . me if i would come with him but i something about not missing my lecture and he gave me a look that made me crumble inside and left . i sat in the lecture for ten not taking in a word feeling myself slip back into the dark place i d not long out of . i stood up making a noise making everyone look but i t care . i was different now . i was going to catch him up be who i to be not who i was . when i got there i t see outside . i on the pavement and his name softly at first then . in the end i had no choice . i towards the window stopped turned back stopped again then balled my into for no real reason . i to the window and the curtain to one side and into the room . was standing in the passage his face pale . his mouth as he said something i could hardly hear and then he down the hallway out of sight like smoke being blown away . the wind and the curtain fell back into place . i stood there on the pavement frozen . the curtain and and then back over the window . i turned and away and then i ran and i t stop until i got home . i had what he said . but i knew what climbing in to help him leave there would mean for me . after that i in on my own and i always took the long way round and i never in any . i lived in the all my life most of it just south of little shark river on the west side of oyster bay . my place is right on the edge of the water and my nearest neighbor is over a mile away . that s how i like it too i t that of people as a rule . i had me a little redbone hound skeeter for the last five . i spend a lot of time out on the hunting and fishing and no matter where i was going he would come along . i him barking up a storm out by the water early on a morning about three ago though and i t seen him since . i been worried that maybe a gator got him either that or somebody took him . i d almost rather it be the gator . i got a chicken coop out beside my house where i been keeping four laying . the building itself is small maybe six by ten and just like my house it up on about two off the ground in case my yard . last morning i went out to gather and one of my was missing . i around a good while and never found no sign of her . it could been a bird of prey that got her but i figured it was more likely . they been getting a lot braver these last not as shy of people as they used to be plus skeeter t been around to warn them off . also i that the t been coming out into the yard as often as usual which was a pretty good sign that there d been a predator around . this morning like i always did i went out to get the and discovered that my hen population had gone from three to two . i was more than i was flat out mad . i understood that and other had to sustain themselves just like me but there were plenty of out in the wild for them to eat they t have to come for my . plus they d my other to the point that they t lay . i was have to eat breakfast without . i around inside the coop but t see no sign of coyote or fox or anything else for that matter so i went outside to see what i could find . it d yesterday so i should been able to find of some sort . i all around the coop though and t find none at all . that was curious mighty curious . i reckon it was possible that she d off down by the water but that would been unusual as well especially for my . my stayed close i d never seen any of them wander off down toward the water . i was walking back toward the house when i saw something peculiar . it to me like there was a pair of watching me from beneath the coop just little of light i could see there in the dark . i t want to get too close in case it was something that might come at me like maybe a rabid coon or a fox but i got as close as i and bent down real low . it was definitely a pair of but they t look like no coon or no fox . it t look like a gator neither unless it was a mighty small one . the were too close together . finally i decided to shine the light from my phone to see what it was . i don t know why it t to me by then but what i saw beneath the coop was a snake and when i say snake i don t mean a rat snake or a chicken snake i mean a big ass snake like a python or an anaconda . swear to god it s head like it was as wide as both my put together and it was hard to tell because it was all curled up on the ground but of its body to be as big around as my leg . i won t lie it the out of me probably because i t been it . t all that long ago that there t any python or anaconda in the but then ignorant city getting them as . once the had grown and the people had they d wound up with more than they d for they d just go let them loose in the . given that the t have any natural in these they apparently done pretty well for themselves . personally i don t have nothing against the big as a rule . it t their fault that they got put here and just like everything else they were doing what they had to do to survive . this snake in particular though had most likely eaten two of my . come to think of it as big as that snake was it might been what got skeeter . that made us blood me and the snake and i intended to set right . i went up to the house and got my shotgun and on the way back i was already thinking about the belt or the hatband or even the boots i might get made from its hide big as it was i could probably pick and choose . i got back down to the coop and under it with a proper flashlight and to my surprise and discomfort the snake was gone . that was startling i gave a quick look around to be sure i t about to get . there was no sign of the snake . i gave a quick look inside the coop . there sat my two looking at me like they to ask a question but were too stupid to know what to ask but they were alone . no sign of the snake inside . i went back out and looking making bigger and bigger half until i d finally made it down to the water . i saw several that like where maybe a snake had through but i t be sure . i just t been around enough of them to know for certain . anyway after about half an hour of looking i decided that maybe i should put something up around the base of the coop to keep the snake from coming back and there where it could lie in wait for my . i took some chicken wire and it all the way around the building and then it into the ground till it was nice and snug . that snake would have to do some damage to itself to get past that wire otherwise it would have to wait out in the open where it would have to deal with me . it was a hot and muggy day already so i was muddy and dripping with sweat by the time i d finished with the chicken wire so i decided i d take a shower before i had breakfast . no great loss i t even have any . so i which made me feel better all by itself . once i got out i caught my reflection in the mirror so i stopped and gave myself a look . i could probably use a shave but i t given my straight razor a good in a while which meant it would yank my as much as it would cut them off so i t bother . i for my bedroom my towel over my shoulder . i d barely put my first foot out of the bathroom and into the hall when i saw it just a flash of something low and large coming at me . in that same instant the big snake hit my leg high up on my thigh and the force of the impact me off my and sent me to the floor . i d people talk about how something or other but i d never truly understood what they d meant until then . the pain in my thigh was immediate . i knew the snake t venomous and that it t have but its teeth were plenty big and plenty sharp . i could feel them tearing away at my thigh muscle . it all in a hurry too . by the time i d found my i was lying on my side with that big snake wrapped around my leg two or three times and its mouth hard on my thigh . my god that thing s head was huge . it to me like its mouth had bit down over half way around my thigh and i t a small man by any . the snake was still trying to get itself around me too around my middle . it had already trapped one of my arms against my side but the other one was free . i banging on the snake anywhere i could get at it but it t seem to make any difference at all . it was solid almost like a piece of wood covered in scaly skin and my just off of it without making a difference . it was heavy too and bigger around than i could with both my . it was all i could do just to raise myself up off the floor with my one free arm but when i did the snake to get another coil around my middle more up toward my chest . by then the lower half of my leg had to ache from all the blood being trapped in it and my foot was tingling with of . the snake was working its too digging its teeth farther into my thigh . i got a glimpse of my foot it was starting to turn purple . i think it was about then that my shock to turn into panic . i could feel the snake starting to squeeze like a constant pressure getting and on my middle . it was starting to affect my ability to breathe too like each breath i took was just a little bit smaller than the one before . a new wave of panic set in or maybe it was determination . either way i used my free leg to start kicking at the snake the part that was wrapped around my other leg . like when i d been it it t seen to phase the snake . i d rocking back and forth when i d kick at it though and before long it to me that the snake s around my middle were shifting like maybe it was trying to get its grip higher up . i was in full fight mode by then and before too long i to pull my arm free and lean up against the wall . just then though the snake the length of its body and one of its was straight across my chest . it down hard and i could feel my starting to seize up . like i said before i d lived in the all my life and i d been out in the wilderness since i was a little boy . i run up against and water snapping and and every danger there is the to offer but never in my did it occur to me that i would be taken down by a giant snake one that t even native to . it truly was in the most bizarre sense of the word . i was hardly able to do more than pant by then . the snake kept its grip on my chest with its powerful little by little inch by inch taking away my ability to fill my . i was starting to feel lightheaded too like maybe i was hyperventilate . i admit it i was . it was like i was staring the end right in the face and there t nothing i could do about it . the thing was i t ready to die . no matter what the cause i t feel that my time on earth was supposed to end just yet . i was in a bad fix but i t done not while i still had any breath at all in my body . that s when i my straight razor . it was sitting on the sink . after working at it i to turn my body enough for my free foot to push against the wall moving me in the direction of the bathroom door . but not only had the snake one of my and my ability to breathe it was also than hell . trying to move with it all wrapped around me was like trying to shove a bathtub full of water . i t relent though . i finally to grab hold of the doorjamb with both and then i could both pull with my arms and push with my leg . i got myself about halfway through the bathroom door and then i rolled over onto my back right next to the that up the sink . my were running out of air by then though and it felt like i was losing my strength . i tried to roll to my side but i t able . the snake to have itself around my chest in a way that gave it more leverage and was squeezing me harder than ever . for a second i thought i was about to pass out but i fought it as hard as i could fought to take in as much air as was possible and finally to push myself to my side . i took hold of one of the sink s and . i as hard as i could with every ounce of strength i had left in me until my the top of the sink . i myself up with one hand and frantically around the surface with the other . just when i though my arms were about to give way i felt the razor . i tried to grab it but only to knock it to the floor as i lost my grip on the sink and it to the front of the commode . not to be i to take in a few of air and rocking my body . i until i finally over banging my head against the side of the tub in the process but that had gotten me close enough . i took up the razor and trying to cut the snake first one place and then another but was little luck . i really had let that razor get dull . i the blade on one spot right over my chest and finally making a little progress . the snake t relent though . in fact it to intensify its grip . i felt something pop inside my chest like a rib breaking and pain immediately seared through me . i had no choice but to stop cutting . i fell over against the wall feeling like i was about to black out and through the tunnel of what was left of my vision i saw the snake s head still onto my thigh . probably as a reflex more than anything else i the razor at the snake s head and slashing hard as i could over and over . the next thing i remember was seeing my bloody thigh blood flowing from the wounds . then there was the snake s head coming at me at my face at my hand that was holding the razor . i just kept slashing at it and punching and kicking with my good leg . about then it to me that i could breathe . it hurt to but i could take in air the snake had its grip on my chest . it was about then that the snake struck right at my face . it me back against the wall and on from below my chin to the top of my forehead . i was nothing but a pile of desperation by then though and i kept slashing . at some point i got the razor up next to the snake s jaw and sawing and pretty soon it let my face go and fell away . i tried to stand up but i t have the strength so i just kicking at it with my good leg . i kept that leg going like a piston like a crazy man screaming and all the while . pretty soon i that all the had pretty much fallen away from me at least they were loose enough to where i could wriggle my way out of them so i did . i rolled over next to the commode and kept kicking and yelling . the snake sort of onto itself like it was to come back at me . it to me that most of its body was either in the hall or the bathroom door threshold though so i made a snap decision . i lunged at the snake before it could lunge at me and i the door and tried to slam it shut . i t able to because the snake was still partially in the way and it truly was heavy as hell but i was on one side of the door and it was on the other . i kept pushing and kept pushing and kept pushing until finally i was able to close the door all the way . once i the latch catch i to the floor thoroughly exhausted and heaving for breath . it was only then that i felt the pain in my chest again like somebody was stabbing me with a knife with every breath i took . the pain was better than not being able to breathe though so i kept on breathing . i don t know how long i lay there it was a while but i finally came around . this t over i still had a huge snake in my house and the only thing separating me and it was my bathroom door . aside from the straight razor that had been my salvation there t anything else in the bathroom of any use to me . well that t entirely true . there was rubbing alcohol and gauze and tape . i could clean and dress my wounds so that s what i did . the wound on my thigh was pretty gruesome . there was blood all over my leg . i it down and washed it off best i could and gave it a good look . it was all and still bleeding but at least it t the snake t got to an artery . still i had lost some blood and to do what i could to slow it down . i the rubbing alcohol over it it burned like a son of a bitch and then i it down again and wrapped it up tight as i could with the gauze and tape . in once sense i thought i d been pretty luck . had that snake took hold of me about two higher than it had it could done some real damage . my were all cut up as well . some were probably from the snake s teeth and some from the razor but none of them to be too bad . i tried to stand up so i could wash them off in the sink but found that i t really able to . i had to pull myself up against the wall and then lean on the sink to keep my balance . my bad leg was still pretty useless felt like dead weight . still i washed my and took a look at myself in the mirror . i was a pretty ghoulish sight had blood all over my face . i washed it off and saw pretty much what i d . there was an oval ring of little from the top of my forehead down my nose and under my chin and back up the right side of my face where the snake had took hold of me . like the on my though none of them were bad so i just kept washing them off and pressure on them until they d all but stopped bleeding . i was worn out so i took a seat on the commode and thinking . above everything else i was elated to be alive but i knew i still had some to clear . i thought about trying to get out the bathroom window but it was little and way up high . i t think i d be able to get myself out of it in my present condition and even if i did what would i do next ? like i said my nearest neighbor was over a mile away no way i was walking that far . the key to my truck was in the kitchen as was my boat key . my phone was in my bedroom sitting on my bed right beside my shotgun . everything i at the moment was in one of those two and the one thing those two had in common ? i had to go out into the hall to get to either one of them and as far as i knew that big snake was still right on the other side of the door . i knew i t wait in the bathroom forever though . it could be that somebody would come for a visit today but it was more likely that nobody would come around for a week or more . put t an option so i made my decision got myself a drink just a little bit more and then over to the door . my decision ? again i grew up in the . i was going for the gun . it t take me long to work up my nerve . i turned the doorknob quiet as i could and then i slowly brought the door in and inch maybe two until i could see just a little bit out into the hall . there was nothing there at least not where i could see . i it up a little bit more keeping my shoulder braced against it in case i had to ram it shut in a hurry but still the snake t show itself . of course i fully it to attack as soon as i put myself out into the hall so before i did i stuck my hand out as a decoy . nothing so real cautious like i around the door looking one way and then the other real fast and i t see a thing . i the door the rest of the way and as quiet as i could which t very i out into the hall . i toward my bedroom real slow partly to keep the noise down but partly because i just t go very fast . the hall like a long tunnel like you d see in those scary where you knew the person headed down it was about to run into disaster . i kept on going though . i t going to be kept from my own bedroom by a snake no matter now big it was . i finally made it to the threshold and i could see the butt of my shotgun hanging off the end of my bed . nothing to do but keep going so i did . by the time i saw it though it was too late . it had been coiled up across a pile of dirty clothes in the corner and just like it d done before it sprung out at me like a flash of lightning . it like before i d even been able to move a muscle it d itself to my shoulder and me onto my side . this time though instead of laying still while the big snake had coiled itself up around me i got to moving . the first thing i did was push back as hard as i could then i rolled forward and when i felt it coming up under me i rolled toward it sort of it back against itself . it t let go but it t been able to wrap me up yet neither . i tried to stand so i could get to the bed but i t able . my bad leg went out from under me and i back down to the floor . that s when it got me . before i new it it had two huge around my chest and had to squeezing . my adrenaline was me but i knew i simply t have the strength i d had the first time around . i could feel the snake s grip getting . . . and . . . and i knew i t be able to fight for long . as fate would have it though we d fallen to the floor right at the foot of my bed . there sat the butt of my shotgun right over me just waiting to be taken hold of . i still had my one good arm so i up and it and then i gave it a good pump . the snake s head was too close for me to put the muzzle on it but it was a big snake there were lots of . i wedged the barrel underneath it and forced the muzzle against its neck as close to the head as i could get it and then i the trigger . i don t think i d ever a shotgun inside a house before but the blast was deafening . my ringing and i could smell the gunpowder right away . i could smell the blood too and i could see where it d all over the wall . the snake s neck was so thick though that the blast t blown it clean into . i gave the gun another pump and then i gave the snake another blast . that time the snake s body fell away leaving its head hanging from my shoulder by its teeth . i took hold of the snake s head and it off me and then i flung it across the room . the snake s massive body was still moving in but nothing that felt like it had intent . i off the from my chest and then i sat on the edge of my bed and just at the snake there on the floor . it must been sixteen maybe eighteen long . how in the hell had it found its way up underneath my chicken coop and how in the hell had it found its way into my house ? i d probably never know the answer to the first question but i sure as hell was figure out the answer to the second . if there was one of those out there there was bound to be another and i had no of going through what i d just gone through again . i probably to go to the doctor so he could see about my leg and my but for the time being i t about to go nowhere except to my kitchen or more specifically to my refrigerator . i me a cold beer and took it to my recliner even though it was before noon and i took me a good long drink . my father was in his childhood . the abuse left him and devoid of innocence . he d never speak about what had . i learned from my about how he had told her at some point but i never about the . it s really heartbreaking to know your father that he t as strong or as steady as you him to be . i never because i t want to know . i t want the image i had of him ruined . for me he was always supposed to be this tough grizzled old man who a soft spot for family and . i did not want to see him as vulnerable . hell even in his old age he t seem to slow down . nonetheless this ideal mental picture i had of my father had been by the man himself no less . i left my at my for the week the to see their and my to spend time with their . my live somewhat far from us so we left the with them for a week . it s not the first time and usually these go without incident . i guess this one was a little different . my dad decided to call and specifically at a time he knew i t be home . he left me a voice message i never to hear he knew i t let him say what he told me in that message if we spoke in real time . my father to tell me exactly what to him during his childhood . hey son . i m sorry i m doing it like this but i m left with little choice . i hope you can understand me . i know you never to hear this about your old man . i i m sorry i love you . please don t worry about me . i am fine . i promise . it s just he sobbing at that point . after a few of hearing my father cry into his phone i him suck in air and then he continued talking " so as i m sure you already know someone me when i was four . i was hostage in some cave for ten days without even know that much . i t know how long i was there i had no idea where i was . all i knew and that s going to sound strange . but one moment i was in my room and the next i was being dragged into the darkness under my bed . i know i crazy just now but that s how i remember it . my therapist at the time said it was a coping mechanism but i doubt that the entire ordeal was just way too insane for this to be a part of my imagination . either that or my brain decided an evil monster was better than being . " i apologize for the absurdity son . even if i i can t make any of this up . " they said i was one of the lucky of someone the a local child molester . he was so because of all of his that did make it out alive describe him as all over his body . . they never caught the bastard . there were missing from the town and the surrounding area and that was going on for . the just t get anything on that son of a bitch . he was apparently too elusive too damned good at what he did . that s what they always their ineptitude . " let me tell you something though they t get him there was a lengthy pause before my father continued speaking . " they t get to it because it t a child molester . it t even human . it t be a human . it it me shake just thinking about this thing even sixty later . god ! remember how i the to you ? inhumanly tall and lanky pallid and covered in all over its body . the one huge eye and one small eye . the thunderous . if you ever why the like he does now you know . it was my . my personification of fear . " it s all so silly it so silly . like the cartoon villain t it ? i wish i could say the same thing when i saw it in person . there is just something incredibly awful about that corpse like form . the misshapen . it also had a severe underbite which forced it ' s mouth open forming a constant smile of . the the were quite human but at the same time devoid of any emotion . it a disgusting bushy gray beard t help the appeal . " the first time i saw this thing was in a terribly foggy day . i out of my living room window and saw that thing standing there . sticking out as the only physical shape inside a cloud of thick mist . it wore a long coat that covered its whole body and a top hat . it saw me and waved . i waved back . i remember your grandmother me what i was waving at and i remember turning to her to tell her a nice man was waving at me from the street . she gave me a funny look and said there was no one in sight . that thing was gone . " that s how it all . i it no mind though being a four year old . from there on i d see this thing periodically . every time i saw this thing the weather was awful . it s like these two came hand in hand . and each time i saw it the thing was getting closer and closer to me . " i know i sound like a crazy old man but trust me i m fine . i swear to you son all of this is true . " everyone around me thought it was just a figment of my imagination . they t see it and my description of a pale blue man with a head in a coat and top hat t help . everyone thought it was my imaginary friend especially since it t cause any trouble or anything . i just kept on it from time to time . i kept seeing it over and over until one day it was standing behind the fence to our yard . it just there when i was outside . out of the blue startling me . in response to my reaction it let out its god awful cackle . i never forget that disgusting sound . like someone was in pain crying and laughing in a high tone all at once . i remember falling flat on my ass and the thing exploded into full blown laughter but no one beside me could hear it . i just sat there staring at it almost mortified . the creature produced something out of its pocket and with its bony hand to me . the down and a sweet smell my . my fear went away . the creature and for some reason i my arm underneath its hand . the thing a candy bar into the palm of my hand and away before disappearing . it s like i was under a trance . i ate the candy with little thought . i don t even know why . it just made sense i think at the time . i t really think at all at that moment . looking back it was so up he was a hard time speaking about that i could tell for sure but being my old man he pretended he was fine and it up . " it was just another candy luckily as nothing to me . either way it was the last time i seen that thing . life went on as usual but instead of seeing the creepy man at the edge of my peripheral vision i kept these odd . i would dream of laying in my bed hearing this unbearable laughter from the . my me for this for a while . i guess . hah . waking up every night cause their was screaming about someone laughing in their must been a pain in the ass . i can t blame them if they did . " it all in a particularly night . i woke up at the middle of the night to take a piss and when i came back to my room i remember seeing a pair of shining coming from under my bed . i remember looking down looking under my bed to find nothing there . so i just sat on the bed whether i should wake my up again to tell them i saw something weird or not . the next thing i know is a pair of frigid at my . my heart sunk to my and when i down i saw two pale blue attached to my . i to scream but felt myself being down and everything turned dark . the next thing i remember is that bloody cave system . i don t remember much from there i do remember the place being dark cold and damp . i have no clue how long i been there . i was told i was gone for ten days . it felt like less honestly maybe because i was out of my there . i t be if i blocked out most of what i seen there because there was some up i still remember the of other begging to go home a space filled with filled with i could feel my father s breath turn heavy and slow like he was trouble afloat . i t like this story one bit . it made me feel sick to my stomach and knowing just how much trouble dad went through to tell me all of this i t want to listen but at the same time i t just leave it at that . what if something had and this was his way of telling me ? i down my saliva and kept on listening i could hear him as a result of what he said next . " there was this cave it was filled with rotten strung up on on on makeshift . i remember bolting out of there only to see that thing standing in the distance naked . that thing even without its outfit on it had a bold mostly bald other than a few of hair sticking out . " its disgusting pallid form to me it just stood there rocking back and forth and out that sickening cackle from my . " i ran the other way . i don t know for how long . i don t know how far . i just ran . " occasionally that monstrosity up in my field of vision always and rocking while all i could do was run run and cry for help that never came . " i remember seeing this doll hanging from the top of one cave . it was eerily realistic and there was definitely something odd about it . it was missing an eye a reddish cavity and the other eye was a button . the clothes and the top of the head to be sewn into the body of the doll . the part about it was . . . it was moving its chest was moving ever so slightly up and down on top of swaying gently from side to side . i my dad gag again holding back the urge to throw up . " i just the smell of that hellhole it smelled like rot and . don t worry about it . anyway i have no idea how i got out . all i remember was seeing that walking laughing corpse appear in front of me after i took a seemingly bad turn . i at the sight of its misshapen mug right in front of me and then everything faded to black again with a sickening crunching sound following . " i woke up in a forest clearing close to where i used to live . the search party found me against one tree . visibly and underfed to some extent but other than that there t a scratch on me . i told them about what had but no one to take me seriously they just thought it was me trying to drown out the pain of being by a child molester . i ' spare you the boring son . with nobody believing my story i just tried forgetting about this thing moving on living life as if nothing had . it took a while but eventually i did for the most part . " now six later my granddaughter me of the worst time of my life . she me of the existence of the and thanks to her i know for sure this thing t a human . call me son call me as soon as you hear that . my heart and mind racing i up his number as quickly as i could . my were shaking with worry . what did grace do to remind him of that abomination was all i could think about . " dad ? dad ! " i at my phone the second he picked up what is grace ? " is fine now . " he said to reassure me . " so what s this about ? " i worryingly . " she s been talking about seeing a funny looking tall blue man that won t stop laughing " we both for a second . i was about to explode my mind went to the worst of . dad broke the silence by saying " this morning we were up by the of the child she cried there was a scary doll next to her in bed . his tone turned deep and grim " the moment i saw that thing i knew it t a doll i think you should come and pick up son . " a maze in june is weird . i know . but so are me and my . we like horror . so when my state lifting some of the quarantine and marco found out about a maze thing happening it like a great way to get together for the first time since the pandemic . i should back up and explain that we t just like horror . we were . we to make our own horror and had been one for . even though we t meet up we got together on zoom to plan it all out . we had most of the we like the script and some i was taking film classes before school was for the year . we just the right location . that s where marco came in . he sent a group message to us on with a screen cap of an event or something like that i m not sure because the screen cap t have a name anywhere talking about a creepy maze out in the somewhere . the amazing and we all agreed it would be the perfect place to film . so it was settled . was going to be the main character and was the monster . di and would be the scream who really gory . marco would be the survivor who the big sacrifice to save at the end and i was all set to direct it . we were going to call it labyrinthine because of the maze . i know it s nothing fancy and it s full of every in the book but everyone to start somewhere right ? but then the worst thing . i got sick . not covid thankfully . my family out of course . i mean i did too until we got the test back that said i t have it . it was just a really bad cold basically and it meant i t going anywhere . and now it s all my fault what to them . everyone was like without you we can t do the movie . and they t wrong . had to be in most of the and no one else was actually good with a camera . plus i had all the equipment and no one was to come get it because already being sick could make getting covid easier . but i t want them to miss out on the maze because of my stupid cold so i told them to go without me . that even if we t get to film our movie there they should still get to have fun . big mistake . i hate myself for it . my i t blame myself but they t have gone if i t told them to . but this t about how i hate myself . it s about my and what i think to them . it was getting dark when di said they d got to the maze . she sent me snaps of a funny ticket sign and this creepy monster guy at the entrance . it was so cool at the time . like i was crazy jealous . part of me had been it would be a really cheesy like d budget thing with bad special effects we could just film around and avoid so i t feel so bad for missing it but it was so good . that was depressing for a while . and i got a little angry that they kept sending me snaps of all the fun they were . i wish i d saved any of them now . at first it was silly stuff like trying to make his face look like the monster guy at the entrance by his super wide and just showing his teeth to the camera . but then it getting . and that was cool for a while because i that even though we t make our actual movie they were trying to include me and put on a horror show just for me . i won t lie . i cried a little when i that . so after was done making they sending me of the maze . giant fluffy that into the path they were on and bright industrial that somehow t seem to do a very good job lighting the set . how hard is that job really ? then and di and posing with . marco was taking the so they were mostly . i could make out what was going on for the most part but it was really dark and i mean there s a reason he t in charge of the camera for the movie . but i know he was doing his best . then there was this long stretch where no one sent me anything . i if maybe that had been all there was to the maze just a bunch of and and they d come out the other side already and were heading back home and just t gotten around to me again . but then the snaps back up . like she was screaming and it was a better job than i d ever seen her do . she was looking at something off camera and just screaming . then came a snap that like but she was covered in blood with this dazed look in her . that made me mad . marco had all the props and special effects stuff and that was expensive . we t agree on anyone taking the special effects stuff to the maze if we t going to film the movie . another snap . . but he was high up . off the ground . suspended by something . i t tell what . blood out the side of his mouth and his head was to the side . his arms were stuck out to the side as well but his were limp . like they were tied to something and not out by him . that definitely t from our . i mean it amazing but it t something we d before . i feeling really uncomfortable with it . not just because i thought they took a bunch of special effects stuff we t afford to replace right now but something else . the way was standing there or suspended or whatever . it t look right . another snap . di . but wrong . she was up against the base of some old wooden pole . it like she was in the middle of a field or something . of blood from her and her shirt . and that was one weird thing because di was really anal about her clothes . she that shirt and the fake blood we used basically for life . the we had were all thrift store no one would miss specifically because di threw a fit about her own clothes . i t imagine how they her into spontaneously them stain one of her favorite . but that t what was gnawing at the back of my mind . another snap came in but i t stop staring at di . what the was wrong with the picture ? it t until i in and staring at every little part of it that i figured it out and it was enough to make me spew right there . i to throw myself off the bed and crawl to the trash can first but i t need the cold to make me feel sick after i saw what was wrong . it was her . they were s . s dad is white with green and his is only half black . grey green . he s the only one of us who does . except in that picture di had grey green and blood down her . i told myself . it s be . they bought and they re pranking me . it s all a prank . i sat on the floor with my back against the bed too sick to bother climbing back in and the next snap . but her arms were gone . just dark where they should have been . and the angle made it hard to see how she was them behind her back . it t look like they were inside her shirt . but it had to be one of the two . it had to . but it so real . i crying again . why were they pranking me this hard ? when did they get so good at special effects ? i the group my away enough to see what i was . xb . . you remember i m sick right ? that thing you did with di and s was up . you got me . i all over the place . i don t think i can handle any more . can you just go back to the maze ? xb no response . another snap . marco . leaning against di and the pole in the field . his shirt was gone and some weird symbol was into his chest . blood from his open mouth and he up at the sky . i the group again . angry . xb knock it off . you re making me feel worse than sick . it s not funny ! xb another snap . xb stop it ! i don t want to see your up snaps ! xb i was angry and shaking and nauseous and as but they were still my . or i hoped they were . maybe it was a group shot of them all grinning like to apologize . maybe i thought anyway . it was . i think . still suspended like before but now an old bag was over his head . like an old potato sack or something . there were dark where his would have been . his arms were still out to the side and below them s . out like his but smaller . lower . like at his . i my phone and the trash can close . i was sobbing and dry heaving and i just kept thinking over and over why ? why are they doing this to me ? that was the last snap i got from them . and at the time i was fine with it . i was so angry and hurt . i t want to hear from them unless it was a giant apology . and even then i t sure i it because it felt like they d just cut me out of the group and i t know why . how do you even apologize for something that big ? i spent a whole day like that . miserable and still too sick to really move . but the next day the phone . around a . m . first s . then s . and marco s dad . di s aunt . none of them had come home from the maze . their only it when they d gotten up the next day and the were still gone and their were empty and only the stuff they d taken with them the night before was missing . everyone to know if i d from them . but what could i say ? i told them about the marco had found and the maze but most of them knew all that already . they to know where it was but i t help . the snap with the and the maze s location was long gone . so were the snaps of what to them . what really to them . god it still me sick to my stomach . i can t get the out of my mind . they follow me in my sleep and i wake up screaming . my me in therapy now . she it s all survivor s guilt and lack of closure or whatever but i can t bring myself to tell her the truth . not when i don t even have the proof to back it up . maybe they re . maybe they are just a bunch of who all decided to run away together with a great big you to me on their way out . it s not like them but maybe but it s been a week since they and i think i know why they re not coming back . with i m and my sister jess is . quite clearly at this age we are more than capable of a door knob . jess around ago becoming increasingly nervous when the doorbell rang we don t know why she t know why . at first we put it down to some irrational fear but it slowly got worse . to counter the problem my dad a doorbell with a video camera that hooked up to an on your phone i can you tell you this did nothing but make the problem worse . when the doorbell rang jess was straight on her phone looking at who it was . when the anonymous ringer t known to her a full blown panic would set in . she would become irrational shaking sweating and short of breath . if anyone tried to answer the door we were met with someone we d never seen in jess before . it was still jess obviously but this was a completely different person than we knew jess to be . there would be no colour to her she pale the only colour that was there was the crimson colour of her her would widen the dilated her temperature would increase and she had the strength not known to any man . it was the most bizarre thing any of us had ever seen . after the whole episode had ended jess would be so exhausted she would have to sleep it t matter what time of the day it was . the first few times it not one of us knew what to do . we all tried to calm her down but it was like talking to someone that t exist . she would grunt or snort at any attempt to calm her at times she would have be restrained by at least two of us in fear she would hurt someone or even herself . eventually we all to speak with her to find out what was going it clear quickly she was a clouded memory of what had actually . she had no memory of being uncontrollable and no memory of the she d said . after a few of this my had finally had enough they took her to see someone . every week on a she would talk to someone for a while it got a little better she coping to handle the situation . jess would go to her bedroom if the door bell rang she would stay there until the door had been and text one of us and ask who it was when she was satisfied with the she would return with us back down and carry on like nothing we all to think we were able to relax about this . this was a big mistake . i t tell you exactly when this incident but it was after quite a few of therapy quite a few after being on edge when the door bell rang . like i said we had all relaxed around the door bell ringing . i don t know what i was sitting in the living room with jess my both in the kitchen . the door bell rang i over at jess who was still on her phone i don t think she it . i stood up and went to walk to through the hallway to answer the door . i got no further than the hallway before i back by jess she me with such force i thought she my shoulder out of the joint . to say i was was an understatement the pain in . what the are you doing ? i rubbing my shoulder i could see nail forming in forearm . don t was the reply jess gave i could see she was the colour had gone again her the only colour on her face . i can t just leave them at the door what if its the postman a parcel i tried to soothe her i tried to tell her its probably a door salesman . it t work she me again this time by my t shirt she me back into the front room and fought me to the floor so i did what anyone else would do . dad i need help now ! i t know i was capable of shouting so loud but it through the house sound bouncing of the like a pinball . i t move jess was still holding me . my must have sensed the urgency in my voice and came pounding into the living room . jess what are you doing ? you re hurting your sister ! my father to get his out as he was fighting to get my sister to let me go . i don t know why i for my mother she was no use she stood there mouth open holding a tea towel in her . the door bell rang again this time with the voice of a man hello like it was question . the struggle stopped . nobody said anything . nobody . i t the voice and it neither did anyone else . my mother turned on her and went to the door i the door open it had a distinct creak when it something my father kept telling himself he was going to fix . my father jess and i were still on the floor jess s lobster grip on my t shirt my father listening at the conversation . we all my mother say i m sorry dear now t a good time i think it s a perfect time the voice it was gruff well spoken and authority . what do you think you are doing get out get out now or i call police my mother . i be honest there t much to my mother she s around around stone when she s wet and of mainly and . stay here you two jess let go of your sister my father ordered of course she t let me know . my t shirt was now being so tight it was to leave a dent on my neck . jess just sat wide eyed and still . she could easily been mistake for a mannequin . i t even see her breathe i at the hallway to listen better to the conversation at the front door . what are you doing in my house ? who are you ? my father jess will explain this better than i ever can i can only tell you the latter half of the story jess the first half was the explanation by the voice . i at jess she t move she just whispered he s here he s come . so i was just sat on the floor not knowing what the was going on . i could hear the coming towards us first my mother shivering either out of fear or adrenaline my father his face furious either at jess or the fact the voice had our home . then the voice in . i t look up straight up away i could see two in front of me . brown neatly tied . dark blue suit trousers by a brown belt a brilliant white shirt . the voice now had a face it was a strong jaw line stubble dark brown and dark brown hair . jess who is this man ? my mother concerned that she let a maniac walk into the house there was a silence the kind of silence that you notice the bass of your heart beat behind your . jess who is this man ? my father with the same question . she let go of me which was relief stood up and just at the man . have you really come ? jess is it really you ? it is the man you me to come and so i am here but i t think it was real jess the coming forcefully there t anything that could be done to stop them . regardless you your deal and i have come to collect the man stated bluntly . by now my and i are watching this exchange take place back and forth like tennis . i think that s enough of this my dad forward and mid air the man his hand up and silence . jess the man himself on the single brown that alone in the living room you knew you knew that this could happen at any point you knew that i would come eventually days or even after our agreement i have now come to collect whats mine and no longer yours he to finger the frayed material at the end of arm his were unusually long and thin his red like they had from underneath . jess the on the sleeve of her she t talk it was just noise and no real . i to notice that nothing else was moving my too still the wind t move the and the air was non existent . i up at the man and to speak . i wish i could tell you i was brave i wish i could say i fixed it but i t and still cant . who are you ? why are you here ? i terror quite clearly in my voice his neck snapped towards me . you must be one those not affected by power he me i am here to take what am i by your sister jess i am already here too long this is a last chance to give me what you agreed or i take it and more i happily take one from each person here and offer you a new deal jess out of the living room and i her shut the bathroom door who are you ? i again i just his voice t match his face . are powerful and therefore i do not disclose my name but if you require you can refer to me a bee he it was a thought out answer . the screaming from the bathroom and i to the door i and my way through the bathroom door to see jess bleeding excessively from her right eye i don t know how she had to inflict this on herself . her right eye had been removed from the socket and was now hanging on her cheek bee towards us and in one swift motion removed the eye and put it in his pocket . he took thanks and left my mother and father both returned to normal and found us both in the bathroom crying jess bleeding crying out of one eye . the sight of what had made my arms weak and i t move in case i out . the emergency were jess went to hospital my and i had to talk to the police about what had they that this was self from stress . after a bout of recovery we eventually found out that jess had found a an old ritual book whilst browsing in a used book shop she bought the book and thinking it was a ritual with her friend . they had both and eye to an entity for immortality . we took the book to a specialist in the occult and he determined the book was genuine and the book was most likely used in the book was found to be wrapped in human skin and the pentagram found on the cover was on the skin before it was bound on the book . we have kept the book and think we have found a counter ritual one that will bring back the eye and give back jess her mortality . a few days ago we found out that had lost her left eye in a car accident . it s a grey dismal day so my wife and i decide to finally make the trip out to the on the of town . i absolutely hate these full of people and each other out of the way for some bargain i . e piece of tat . it s like the worst of humanity inside . as we head towards the door i almost trip over . i look down to see some out of his mind against the wall sticking out onto the pavement . he s not the only one as i look around there are at least three more out in various nearby . i scoff i t expect to see the dregs of society until we d at least in the door . the store should do something about this it can t be good for custom to have people about causing trip . they t be on the streets a flash of anger flooding her delicate . as the sun her face i how tired she . she she s not been sleeping well recently that she s had too much on her mind . she s been acting oddly always tapping away at her phone . when i ask her what she s doing she me that she s just reading stuff on nothing important . ten later she be tapping away again . she was the same that evening tap tapping away only stopping to paint her . i was more than ready to have an early night . i out as soon as my head hit the pillow . at one point i woke up feeling my wife getting up from beside me . assuming she was just going to the toilet i fell back into a doze . i woke up again an hour or so later but she was still gone . strange . maybe i was mistaken though maybe it d only felt like an hour . when i woke up again next she was in bed and the sun was streaming in through the window . bad night ? i her over breakfast . no pretty good one actually ! she weirdly cheerful considering she can t have had much sleep . i t question her any more . but then it that night too . and the next . she she shifty suspicious somehow so i purposefully making myself stay awake for a while to see how long she was gone for . it was always at least an hour but sometimes it was almost the whole night . i even if she was an affair but she t do that to me . of course i her but there was a different excuse each time you were snoring so loud i t sleep or i was feeling a bit queasy or i only to the toilet a couple of times you must have just up between each trip ! i try not to disturb you . i my wife but this had to stop . i t live with not knowing what she was up to . that day i drank so much coffee that i was constantly . my heart was thumping so hard that i actually got a bit nervous and how much caffeine a person . but it did the trick . when i laid in bed i t immediately doze off instead my head was whizzing around at a hundred a minute . what was i going to find ? i took care to regulate my breathing it right down and even giving the odd little grunt . it worked . my wife thought i was asleep . when she got up i a minute and then i her . i t her to slip on her and leave the house but that s what she did . i t risk her hearing my so i went out barefoot creeping after her in the dark . she headed straight for the old barn . it t been used in as far as i knew it had a big leak in the roof and was just too far from the house to be used as storage . but she purposeful in her like she d taken this trip many times before . she the door and went inside . i t want to follow her in t want to confront her if this was something really innocent . as i stood there indecisive i was sure that i a voice come from inside a voice . but it was probably the wind i told myself . it s not like she d be keeping a secret lover in the old barn . i crept back inside and washed my before heading to bed . i was still awake when she came back but kept my shut . when the sun came up i made a big show of yawning and like i d not been disturbed all night . she sleepily at me . my beautiful wife my life my . but t have . actually i reasoned i was doing our relationship a by . i was keeping our bond true and pure . till death do us part i d vowed and i intended to keep that . i t have to wait long . during breakfast she that she had to pop to the local store to grab a few for dinner . i waved as nonchalantly as i could then my . following the same path as the night before i was kicking myself for not anything sooner . who knew how long this had been going on for ? i could see the across the field leading to the barn clearly worn down grass from all the times she s been out here . as i the door i took a deep breath and flung it open . nothing could have prepared me for what i saw . there t a man in there . there were three . and three matching double . the men had been sat on the floor when i in but now they leapt to their staring at me with fear in their . each one of them sickly thin unwell . one had clearly just been crying . they each had a chain wrapped around one ankle that was in turn screwed into the ground . oh my god oh my god oh my god . stay there i m getting my saw to cut you free ! i yell before myself for being such an idiot . stay there honestly . the whole point was that they can t leave . not to mention the fact that my wife been locking up and torturing men in my barn without me even a clue . if i was stupid i t be able to breathe that s what my dad used to say . i rushed to get my saw and ran back to the barn . as i start sawing away the men are at me but the blood is rushing in my head and i can t hear properly . stop i hear and don t . i look up . my wife is standing in the doorway looking stricken . stop ! she i can explain ! but she can t this t the woman i married this is a monster . they re ! she and she s right actually i do one of them from the day outside the this is the one i nearly fell over . towards me . just because they re they don t deserve this ! i threaten . i knew she them lying around the streets as much as i did but there was no excuse for torture . i can t cut through the quickly enough and now she s on top of me trying to pull me away from the men . i on instinct i drew the saw across her throat . till death do us part . after she i sit in a daze staring at her body . today was not meant to be like this . the men are still for a moment . one into you ! i read about this they call it syndrome . i don t feel strong enough to keep sawing so i walk back to the house and call the police . there s no longer any rush . the police arrive quickly along with an ambulance . presumably this is for the poor malnourished men it s too late for my wife . i allow myself to be in a police car to answer some . in the room the officer his throat . now may i call you ? i nod dumbly . although illegal i m trouble understanding why you were so upset at your wife s that you her . illegal ? just illegal ? it s also immoral cruel absolutely crazy ! ! ! the officer i understand you re not a huge fan of . but to fly off the handle at a facility t make sense . those men were almost your wife was helping them find their again . they d have only been with you for another month or two . after selling my house to pay the and everyone i know turning their on me i m the i can be . out in a car park a well dressed man over my . addict he . to meet you young lady . at a genuine warm grin . they had never met before he only knew about the because i had told him about them last time we spoke he never got a chance to see them before he . despite this he was completely by her demonic appearance . i wished more than anything that the had been better . their meeting and our reunion would been wonderful upstairs but instead we were stuck in the artificially lit with the now still again woman for company . i d him . i t how much it was possible to miss a person i barely knew until . he everything good about the block to me he made it feel like home even in the bright windowless underground . to meet you too sir . in the accent that she could muster giggling . she radiated a light there was an invisible expression of instant trust amongst the black that made up her . she him . when this nightmare with the prophecy and subsequent death of i never would i d be that moment between and to see an instant connection . i hoped he would get the chance to see her in the sunlight too with her brown puppy dog in place of the . the whole scene filled me with my own warmth . were still muffled after my brutal attack by the people and i was disappointed that his voice t clear but the arrival of gave me great hope . even the presence of the woman who was still stood by the t break that . besides we were safe from her now . he took his kindly away from to look at me . why are you here ? how ? he disbelief in his tone . there was no anger just disappointment which was worse . it was the first time i had ever seen not look calm and collected . i m here for you ! i t let you rot down here i got the and the vine . . then came to visit . i out quickly . a little but it was strained . i m sorry kat . you t have come here how did you do it . . . . why is this little lady with you ? he confusion building . he tried to hide the concern in his voice for s sake but it was useless she d already seen the danger we were in . i what had right from the very beginning after he went away and prentice prudence . stood in a frightened awe as i spoke about my monstrous how i d bought him back kept him locked away for and how he later . worried as i s visit and . i covered everything . from to the vine to the window cleaner and his inability to hold it together in . i tried to reason why i had thought that my plan with the lift would work but saying it out loud made me how stupid i had been . continued to listen intently . she a little smug when i told him how she had saved me from the and again from the people just a few above us . i could see that my explanation t complete enough had a million still to ask but i t give him a chance . after of dwelling on his disappearance and the of recent it was my turn to ask . where are we ? i starting as simply as i could manage . little did i know i had just pandora s box with three . to speak . i call it the or the building below . it s still a part of the building but most never see it for good reason . the that live here t always as friendly as those upstairs . when my father bought the land to build this place he discovered a large underground tunnel system whilst digging the and it inspired him . he to be the first architect to extend a skyscraper the same length and a good deal of the excavation was already in place . he to the earning potential of his space but he t for the power of this land . my father was a competitive secretive man so naturally he told no one outside of his what he was not even his family . he employed a team of who all non disclosure . we re standing in the result . waved his arms a little about our current setting before he continued . when they found him hanging he was in the basement the grim looking room you will have here in . that room and everything below it been untouched since construction . they gave up on expanding that particular floor and when my father the underground project was abandoned . as is the nature of this land the to report strange across the entire tower . there were at least unexplained and although it was unreported to the public those were all amongst men working below . those that worked on this hidden part of the building were especially superstitious and after my death they sealed all to the basement an entire tower block underneath the city . when it came into his possession tried to convince the to unseal it and carry on working . he was just like our dad you see ambitious and money driven . none of them would agree to it they it was cursed . the upper tower was just before my father took his life so abandoned his with the within a few and on opening the place up . he t going to continue to miss out on any money over these lower . he said that our death would only explain the grand opening being for so long and he had to move forward . we in a week later the first to live here . he for a moment and a sadness clouded his face his kindly up a little as he thought back to life before the building . you must be really old if your dad built this place ! even my mum t that old ! interrupted . i her childish thought process was the only thing that could lighten the mood . and the woman next to him unmoving . i am quite old i suppose . don t feel it though . he to himself as he his flat cap and at . don t look it either . . . i in . stopped and continued shooting me a look . that t something i can explain kat . and i t close to our father . we t really know anything about this place until he the project was mostly and we only got to speak to a handful of who told us wild we would never believe to be true at the time . we t have how our were going to change . the only clue we have to our . . . extended life . . . is his note . to my . if you stay here you will never die . that was all he left us . on a crumpled bit of paper that had to be given to us by a builder . my best guess is that he made some kind of deal with a spirit of the place . . . i don t know . . . maybe it was just a special resident i haven t met yet . . . maybe the building itself . it took us to we t normally and by time we there was no one left to ask . we had to navigate every supernatural unusual and strange occurrence in the place alone at first . i remember exploring being in awe of everything i met . whenever i would cross with he t look like i was he was . my brother and i were never the best of and it s my regret that i t use that time we were alone here to build a relationship with him . maybe i could made a difference . a difference to what ? i trying to take in each of his . to his son ? at his linger on the little girl and then back at me . he shook his head . not now . there s far too much to discuss . for now we need to find a way to get you home . i considered but i could see the sadness in his and i t want to press . he was right i d put at risk for long enough and i to get her back to and safely . have you been here this whole time ? if you can t get out then we have no hope . i whispered to as he put an arm around s and prepared to move . he a little . you met my brother kat . the of my escape would be huge for the block he s not appreciative of the way i conduct myself . he to take what the building and make it harmful twist it into something bad . . . i prefer to live with it . i don t believe anything here is evil . . . except maybe him . i tried to let it go i to keep moving but t up . but said . . . . the and the vine . he said they were a cry for help . he lied . it s in his to keep me away . yes i them live it lonely down here . when he discovered the plant he took it off me immediately . bought down one of the cat s to feed to the thing he on floor i stopped him . he let me keep it because i suppose somewhere deep down he me . i that little cat until out of nowhere the were born . it was amazing love new life . the were great company and i would freed them if i could but i never let them out . i t have a clue how they got out until you a grate in the wall . he me up and down as he spoke me unusually . it t an entirely mistrustful look but suspicious nonetheless . so how do we get out ? . well last time your garden got me out of here . . he crouched to speak to her on eye level . we a garden for you ! but you never came . she in retort . i know . my mean brother told me how beautiful it is i hope i get to see it one day ! he s made it a bit harder this time . he stood up and me again . i used to go through the basement . there s a it s just sealed up you have to break it . the lift will only bring you down you can t get home that way . so let s go ! i reaching for his hand . then i saw it . i t i had had been too on his kindly . was missing all four on his left hand . he at the floor as i not to stare . what he did to . if i even just enter the basement it will happen to me i tested it . you can see the . he his stumpy hand . i don t know how i got that cat to give birth . and i don t know how does anything that he does to the that live here . i just know that if i step in that basement i die . he . despite the relief that he t gone straight in and done much worse damage i knew the loss of his would be major for him . he was after all first and foremost a gardener . i walk you there kat . make sure you go . but i can t come with you . i to scream loud enough to hurt any left on the people upstairs . i to shout and tell him that after all i d been through i t going to leave without him . but the horned little girl beside me had thrown a lot of out there . i . turned to the still woman . i be back to visit i promise . but please let these ladies leave safely . he over and her cheek gently before us towards the . another single tear rolled down her face . we upwards fairly silently . i if all my would ever be . i knew from before that was mysterious but after all i d been through to get to the it t seem fair that i would be back so unceremoniously . may have known the way to get home but no single person complete control of this land i was coming to really understand that . the building would always win . so i t have been when we at the large black . kat . . they skip . you know that there s nothing for you in there . put his stumpy hand on my shoulder as i at the different yet familiar corridor . he could see the curiosity filling my as i was with the counterpart of my home . would it be filled with more people ? or was it a true reversal a place where me and lived happily prentice t have to deal with his affliction and was alive ? or was it home to something entirely different ? noise suddenly more than just muffled . my mind was actively blocking it out . the knowledge that was with took away some of the responsibility that i felt as i edged towards the familiar yet very different main entrance . kat please don t . me cautious to keep hold of . i think had she not been there he probably would have me but he t want to spook her . i continued forward in a trance like state . the were blurred and the minus symbol stood out . i the wood and the handle . it t feel like home . not even a little . i was curious about what was inside but i somehow knew that it t good . the only seemingly positive thing about the situation was the lack of people on the floor . i t know what was behind the but it t them i had already enough noise to draw them out if they were there . no something else was there . instead of trying my key after a sudden i turned and ran straight towards number and on the door . ! i that if i t in that lift then maybe she t either . i hard on the door and could almost smell the familiar cigarette smoke out of the flat . kat stop ! . out of the corner of my eye i could see him covering s in grim anticipation . then the door open . there she was . t at all . her fate had been so much worse . my friend was stood at the door face twisted into a expression her mouth open much than should be possible with a jaw . more alarmingly her had been entirely removed leaving red bloodied gaping wounds central to her face . of hair had been from her scalp leaving raw skin in its place . the dress thats neatness i had previously at was torn and distressed around the barely covering her swollen deformed jutting out of open wounds in all . the air filled with the scent of old ash and necrotic skin . she to the ground unable to stand any longer on her broken mouth still hanging open . guilt washed hard over me . how could you leave her like this ? ! i turned to and but his face was as as mine . i t know kat honestly i t . i t even know she was dead until i found you ! please we have to keep going don t let her see this . he kept his hand over the gaping black that were so much more alive and comforting than s . there was real shock in his i him but i was angry . she me to help you ! and this is what she got ? ! i t get past my rage had been left to suffer for so long already and who knew how long intended her to stay like that . she laid there writhing and i was both desperate to help her and furious . t get a chance to protest . instead our argument was interrupted by a slow and clap . i turned to see the door of flat flung wide open in the doorway with a smug grin on his face . the next part human reasoning is a strange thing . it can be an amazing ability an amazing tool . it us from other and because of it we were able to make the earth our own . but it can also be ambiguous . act on instinct or at least most . if there is danger will either flee or defend themselves on instinct . if an animal is it is going to kill . survival is its main priority . however have the ability to form morals to build and to create a sense of justice . so humanity the ability to choose law to choose justice to choose peace . but why do we still prefer to choose violence to choose injustice to choose war ? why is power so intoxicating that we will do anything to keep our power and expand it even further to a point where we can t even be considered human ? xb all around me is death nothing but death . maybe there is the occasional sizzle in the distance by a quiet thump of another body the muddy ground . and then there is only death again . it of rotten and drying blood . i clench my fist in pain as i exert pressure onto the wound on my leg . i m the only one left . i knew my fate was sealed as soon as the first fusion was . i have nothing left everyone is either dead or them . but i can t fault them for that . you either join them or get because humanity to move on and we are the hill in the way well it s more like a pebble now . the only thing still beside me is my guitar . it me a last sense of humanity around me . they don t have that they think they don t need it but that s what us human emotion passion hope even though there is none left . still i m at peace . i have accepted the end . i can hear the apocalyptic clapping the signal of the arrival of death among the deafening silence of this genocide . but i will go out in peace so i strum my guitar and sing for that the last sign of humanity shall reverberate through the air and may find another listening ear . as i reach home i feel the sting of metal passing through my body . humanity is no more by its . the age of the alter is dawning . xb this transmission was found on a found at an archaeological site deep within the desert . for a long time have that humanity may be older than we think . yes it s an outlandish theory and most of the evidence we found either been or as a hoax . and that s what we thought this is . someone made a that would seem like it could survive for of made it look old and and it somewhere at an archaeological site that is still being dug out . we seen it all before . and my department reasonably it as another hoax . i agreed but a part of me be it wishful thinking or not that there may be something to it . so i took it home with me and it with the help of a friend that works at . the text above is what we found . and as i feared it a lot like a hoax just too much like a written story . but here is why i am posting this here . my friend the one that works for as i above told me about their in space . i don t want to give away his identity because this information is highly classified but i think the world to know . spotted something strange within the belt the asteroid belt beyond . among the a couple of triangular have been discovered that are almost too symmetrical for and they don t follow the orbit of the belt but are rather heading straight in the direction of earth . xb the alter are to finish what they so many millennia ago . my name is nelson a professional civil engineer working for the department of public works and well at least i d still be for the next days . you see i m my th birthday and according to law i d be retired by then . the fact is i never really what i do . it well and kept me out of debt other than that i really t care less . i know what you re thinking why stick around that long then ? why waste your life in a career you re not happy with ? well i think i can now open up especially when i m figuratively one foot out the door . in fact i m looking forward to unload some of this baggage i on for . i graduated top of the class and was the th highest score in the engineering board exam back in . those landed me the job of public engineer in my of city . like any other young man off with his first real job i was eager to make an impact right away . i could imagine i had a love me or hate me reputation in the office . i was the and a coming into a workplace where a lot of people think i don t deserve it yet because i lack the experience for a high starting position . i agree with what they think though that s why it was my mission to prove myself right away . a few in and nothing really special came to my charge . just a few blue print some draft works and . it was . i remember over to my boss office he was the regional director to complain about the unfair distribution of works . it would be a disservice to you my if i don t write down such an ominous conversation . quite frankly if i would have known what i was getting myself into i should have just took his advice . boss why did you hire me if you won t even trust me ? i as soon as i the door in his office . what are you talking to about ? a bewildered but expression came across his face . boss you re giving all the major to my and honestly i feel like you re deliberately doing it . i want to know why ? i tried to sound calm but i t be if someday would think i was angry . my boss at me through stern . he t say a word but the way he at me made me feel unnerved . it was at least a good three of silence . i was afraid to move nor say a word . i thinking did i just got myself fired ? but the conversation took a turn i t possibly have . my boss stood up and ordered me to lock the door behind me and sit myself down . he stood up and went to the bar . he rum in two glasses went back to the desk where i was and me a drink . he down his drink sat back down and covered his with his . nelson are you sure you re ready for this ? he said . sure i am ! i confidently but i thought to myself why was he acting as like this about a job i was trained to do what i was hired to do ? promise me you will hear me out first from start to finish and only answer when i ask for it he . to which i agreed . what i m about to tell you is not taught in any and would be considered unorthodox maybe even unnatural he laid back in his chair in a relaxed position with his staring up the ceiling . are you familiar with the practice of ? he . yes sir it s a famous urban legend especially among us civil and . it s a practice back even before the occupation of the wherein the builder of a structure a sacrifice of blood at the of the structure to bless it and make it i said . that s right but that s not the whole story the blood to be living blood . it to flow from a living source with the heart still beating but its life must end before the ritual . the body would then be buried in its foundation beneath a pile of he continued . he sat back upright and at me directly . if not for his serious expression i d be sure i would come off laughing . sir that s all but an urban legend i interrupted but he continued as if he t hear anything . i have made twenty six major in my career and even i had to follow these even in this modern times the twentieth century ! he with an exasperated laugh . nelson i would require you to do this in fact the higher since the birth of the you to do this sacrifice . you won t see it in the record . in fact it s a well kept secret within our circle and none will acknowledge it out loud at least . this was really weird i thought . i suspected a prank and decided to go along with it . perhaps i there was a good laugh waiting for me at the end . i m ready for it sir i said seriously . so what is this sacrifice a pig or a chicken perhaps ? no something more valuable than that . so are you ready for it ? you can t back out after you re in he . i was still thinking it was part of the prank and being young and naive thought that it was a rite of passage or a scare tactic to show my grit and determination to be part of the group . so i decisively said yes to everything he . he kept on to make sure and repeated the same spiel that i can t back out once i am in this . red went on my head but the need to prove myself it so i kept on saying yes and yes and then finally . alright nelson i will trust you . go get and tell him to ready the in four . and you will be the head engineer for a bridge project just in the of town . the are in the job order and all its . i expect you to build at least the and the ready in four and i will be there to inspect everything by then he said me a folder . i was ecstatic . it was my first project after all . the work was easy and i want to leave my mark on this . i to look back on this with fondness someday and point out to my and grand that i built this bridge as my first ever project . flew by without a hitch . i built the four and the foundation for the bridge as and the day of the inspection came or rather inspection night . my boss it should be done at night time and that all on site must be sent home on that event . i on the site just past and i saw my boss and near the trailer with a couple of i never seen before . i up came to him and shook his hand . he had a serious face on him like a man on a mission . he me if i was ready i said yes . he in with a radio in his hand . behind me came a white van . it over just in front of us . the door and my heart fell as soon as i ' seen what was in it . out came with a three or four year old boy . by the of it he was a street child he was in and dirty . the boy was eating a lollipop with his other hand by walking towards us . my boss at me directly in the and said once you re in there is no going out i t speak my up and i was absolutely . i was to the spot . my boss understood and left me standing there . i saw the three men walk towards one of the pillar with the boy in hand . the last thing i that night was going home and swore never to do another major project again . so here i am now days to my retirement . i still the same position i was hired as a fresh graduate only had one major project to my name and you know what i will regret that one project till the day i die . nothing here except for northern . was in the area last labor day weekend . i set up camp in an area i knew away from the trail they allow mountain . settling in for the night i decided to go to sleep . i had my hammock with me . so i went in and fell asleep quickly . middle of the night i had to pee so i got up turned on my and to do my business a few away from the hammock . it was so dark in the that night . i some noise coming from in front of me i was done and i i thought it was a which there are plenty of . . . and my fear was that it could be a black bear which i ' seen in those in the past also . nope it like a birch wood log the size of a human torso dragging itself towards me with its birch stick arm hand no head . i am getting writing this . i up and there was a bipedal creature standing behind also made of birch wood . ! ! ! ! i ran past the hammock and bike . . . that ' s all i remember . waking up with a huge headache under some low laying it was daylight . i at my watch and it was am . my head was ! i touched the top of it and sure enough i had a cut from one of the . dried up blood . i stood up with soreness and everything came back to me so quickly what the hell was that ? ! ran through my mind with a dash of fear . the birch wood being . i was only about from the hammock bike . i around with weariness and saw nothing out of the ordinary . i in the hammock for my phone and turned on the camera in reverse . i see the deep cut on my scalp flap of skin bone . ugh ! i in and put my hat on to keep the flap down . the skin flap was about an inch around . i did not have a st aid kit with me . time to go i go to my and i grab a couple of to eat . some water . up and off i went . i was only about from the trail down a small ravine so no one would have seen me the day before . i only two or three pass by the day before when i was setting up camp and just . i rode back towards tomahawk to the super i stayed at the day before . after i threw everything and my bike to the car i went in to look at my head shower and lay down on the bed . i my partner here in about the trip and the birch wood . she s a doctor and i told her about my head . i switched to video so she could see it and told me to smear antibiotic ointment and to keep the flap down with my hat . i laid down in bed closed my and tried to make sense of the birch . i was not . i was sober the whole time just to get away from and reset my brain it t work . how the weekend what next when the and then got had no idea if my sister was going to make it . a bunch of satanic gang had her like a fish and were then chanting over her blood . and my only chance of her living was for me to do the impossible and bring my father back to life . please she needs medical attention i told them . the t listening . they were too busy getting everything set up for the that would supposedly bring back dad . it felt like my head was in a fog watching it all happen in slow motion . please . just use me instead . let her live i . off his knife and at me . that s a good lad . now get over here he said to the makeshift altar they had ready for me . my heart beat faster as i watched two of his grab and take her outside . they get her the medical help she needs but in the we need more blood for this entire process to work properly told me as he toward a knife lying on the table . it would be better if you were fully . come on brad don t you want to see your dear old dad again ? i gave him a snide look . if i said no it t make a difference so let s get this over with . do i just spill blood in this here urn ? i to the cigarette tray on the . that s the first step toward his return . finding what s left of the body however will be more important . i trying to decide if there was a reason why had not said dad s body was so i decided to play the last card i had at my disposal . does this have something to do with ? i as i the blade against my skin . as he was just about to take a smoke and where did you hear that name ? i this actually might be my chance to get out of here . if i my right . i t know when or where was going to show back up or if she was going to use the opportunity to be rid of me forever . i knew for the time being i could only rely on my own to save myself and so i chose my carefully . my brain to recall the brief that had given me . dad us they might be dangerous . to be careful and before he he told me was coming here i . a few of the gang in surprise under their breath . apparently they too were of whoever was . over these watching as i the knife against my wrist and you have no idea what you are even talking about do ya son ? i know enough that your time to get out is limited if my ex is getting the cop and is on the way i that i could call his bluff . but as it turned out i t have to . sometime between the moment that he had slashed at s belly and my current situation had to loosen his . and now at long last he was making his move . i watched as the moment out in slow motion . used the ropes to wrap them around s neck and immediately them to choke his former leader to death . the two fell to the ground and the other gang watched in silence as they . i t know how to help but i t going to sit idly by either . i the knife i had against my wrist with a firm grip and at the moment when s back was exposed i it deep into his neck . the gang leader at me to try and stop another assault as more of the got involved in the rumble . but it was all over before it got . to cut off s oxygen supply and once he finally t breathe any longer the other gang stopped their fighting . it was if they t know what to do now that their leader was gone . you son of a bitch one man said moving over to shove at . i the knife and him . all of you need to sit down right now . and get me a cell phone i ordered . it must have been the wild look in my as i frantically worried about but this time they t object . an older woman me a and i quickly . i knew by doing so that i was likely my life free from jail time . but i to do whatever was necessary to save my sister . hello ? operator ? i need to report a crime . what next is barely a footnote . got the medical attention she and the up and half of the for holding us there against our will . was the only one given criminal . my wife s ex also to be a rookie cop and a few and got the against me . with only one exception of course . to have full custody . if this weekend is any indication you t fit to have at the moment brad said . sure . whatever . i m done with her about it i said . he and i gave her that same authorization over the phone as we left the cabin . it felt like the ending to a very bad bizarre dream . so what did they do with your dad s body anyway ? . we it in the lake and i . it was supposed to be part of the ritual i . bunch of whack huh ? who any of that weird cult anyway ? he . someone apparently i . the mirror and i thought i saw his eye twitch . wait does that name mean something to you ? i . you said the body was at the lake ? he the conversation . suddenly the air felt pallid and . it does t it . how do you know anything about my father s ? i . off the road and then gave me an icy stare . my full name brad . it s he told me . wait . what . so what s that have to do with this ritual ? i . he gave me a curious look and up the car as we to the lake . let s go ask your old man and find out . that s where we are headed now to the spot where and i left our father to die . i don t know what we will find there but i know one for sure . this is a father s day i will never forget . they say days is the school which you will bloom and is where you ' experience good and do crazy random stuff that all of our did way back then . living in and country made me realize a lot of belief and one of that is . . . all are cemetery . i am now a graduate so i ' share some of my junior high experience which i did keep buried in my mind for a long time i will not name the school for privacy . the epoch of our school is surprisingly fun not until we discovered such thing as hidden basement locked office for they say and last is the second infirmary that is not supposed to be of whomever . we are in our fourth year in we are the last batch of goldeneye time chivalry and we are to attend the party the immense feeling of happiness rang our hearts since this is the first time our batch a party like this but after an hour boredom us i had to remove my stiletto so i can move easily without burdensome . i for my and they are in another table near the stage clanking their glass while fun i lead myself to their way barefooted when i am in front of she handed me a glass of wine and while me a seat . " let ' s try it the are busy with their inner party side ! " looking frowny i my gaze at her with the look of what try it ? to so he his throat " go to the secondary infirmary ! ! ! " he with enthusiasm . i quickly shook my head knowing that this school is at some because this is known to be the medic of and from the last world war . i my gaze while down my wine and ' t bother to hear them out . " kath this is a wholesome escapade ! see our and is now on the stage their ass up . . . since we are graduating let ' s try it . " since while convincing voice is in her tone . once again i shook my head while half heartedly laughing . " let ' s go drunkard kath is cat . " the trigger that actually me . me ? never in my life . even i will befriend with death . i stand up making them smile and their arms to mine i had to put back my so i can walk well we headed to the ground floor that the guidance office infirmary one secondary infirmary and maintenance quarters . " i ' a lot of paranormal from maintenance should we encounter them too ? " i hesitantly not because i am but because someone might caught us and it ' cause severe punishment . " let ' s just check what ' s inside ? " said with a hint of excitement in his voice i at them making them laugh . of the secondary infirmary i stood straight while three of us our flashlight . we almost fought with our second because the door is not locked which us a bit . this and the are with our principal so that no one will try to come here . the door and i stepped one foot in and i knew i was in for it . searching for and taking we did found nothing but dusty bed unused needles and photo album this time i to feel the since the is broken here and the cold air is hugging my body in the tight dress . of us casually sat on the dusty bed that is now because of flip and flip and we found one photo it ' s a doctor . a doctor with a creepy smile . a sudden strike of lightning to light the room for a second made us scream and jump . " did you see it ? " on her chest we her and look for more but to my shock on the next third pile of the doctor with a smile is on the page again a strike of lightning made that i have to hold her . " it ' s just a lightning " " look at the picture frame kath ! it ' s the doctor ! " half excited and . " let ' s go ! i have a bad feeling about this ! " i for my purse and so do . thump after thump our pace become faster leaving the door and head back to the stage . they ' re all still hooked over the music and we sat down and i at her face is pale . a sequence of thunderous sound and lightning again . " kath look at the curtain behind the table at south when the lightning strike again . " said so i did . another heavy sound and lightning occur and i almost out . the the doctor . . . the doctor have no . i instantly drank wine while still stuck at the curtain . her glass of wine while looking at her phone her hand because she ' s trembling luckily no one our own ruckus . and let a curse loud out . it was my turn to look at the phone but i have no strength to look at it for more . i scrolled for more and suddenly i fear it . first time i felt the fear in my life because of ghost . took a picture of the dusty bed no one was there when she took photo of it . but now . it ' s a pale woman laying down while a smile in her face but what more scary is . . . the doctor is behind the picture a baby the photo was clean and i can stand for the truth that it is not . ago that our story the headline of the school until graduation so the principal release a statement that the doctor is from the massive massacre of . you can take a look at it . no one to set foot there again . i was by the rapid and for mommy before my son forced his way through my door into my room and then into my bed . i turned on the lamp so i could meet my son s face . he panicked and had of forming so i instinctively him up to start to settle him down . what s going on ? i still half asleep . did you have a nightmare or something ? i was in the bathroom trying to use it a and he to stumble on his as if he was trouble trying to properly articulate . i took this as he was trouble explaining how he made a mess . listen i t mad i to reassure him . whatever mess you made we can handle it tomorrow now lay down . i cut off the lamp light and laid down my son to do the same but he stood up in the bed looking down at me . mommy . . . i think . . . i think something is really wrong with my bathroom mirror he to explain the face in the mirror is not mine and there is something trying to peek at me through the mirror . i turned on the light again and him straight in his . i thought he must be talking about a dream or maybe his imagination run wild again . you know are like that around that age making up to explain they can t explain . i put my on his face and to playfully inspect his facial . once i was finished with my mock inspection i told him that he just like my son as he always . he dissatisfied with my inspection and conclusion then he shook his head now visibly upset . he that what he saw was real and one of my inviting me to check his bathroom to confirm his bizarre claim . for a moment i strongly consider commanding him to bed refusing to humor him but i decided that being a parent doing the seemly nonsensical . so i got up and let my son escort to me to his bathroom . there was a faint glow of the that was put in to make him a little less to use the bathroom in the middle of the night which i considered a failure at that point . he pointed towards the interior of the bathroom like it was a place i never been to before and not the bathroom i personally myself . i an eye away and gave a weak yawn before i turned on the light . the reflection was normal so i picked up my son holding him on my hip and showing him the that his reflection was normal . he at the reflection of himself for a split second before burying himself into my arm . that s not us he said . we don t look like that . i turned my head and at the reflection again ready to reassure him that it is in fact us in the mirror but i stopped and really at it again . something t quite right . my face ' t right . my nose was a bit bigger than it should have been . my were a dark brown yet my reflection was a hazel color even my body was a bit than it ought to be . i don t know why but i got closer . i ' t have but i did . i to touch the mirror but my son saw what i was about to do and tried to stop me by tugging on me . that s not us . he . please don t . i at my son he to be as serious as any six year old had any right to be before i back at the mirror . at the reflection . my were on my reflection and son s reflection who were staring directly at my son . i let out a small scream and took a step back but my reflection did not mirror my the impostor reflection their gaze . on my child . that s not us . i said out loud . the t move but in place . i to one side of the bathroom to another to see if they would come back into sync with us but they ' t . they in the same place completely still except for their that my son with complete fidelity . my instinct told me to get my son and leave the mirror at once but then something in the reflection . it in the blink of an eye . the reflection of the was from the mirror as if it had been a poster or frame violently removed by something unseen from the other side of the mirror . it t a clean removal there were of what like reflection near the top and bottom of the mirror that color translucent as if what whatever was removed was living . once i the of the and translucent liquid and into view that was i was at a loss for . it as if i was no longer looking at a mirror but into a window looking at a place that i was certain t exist on this planet . it was a landscape of of of various made of a brilliant golden sand long of what like sinew with rainbow color attached to them that dance around which gave me the impression that the landscape was in some type of body of water . there to be a lime green tint to this foreign plane . suddenly there was a faint gleam that to originate from somewhere on the other side of the mirror . i t know whether to approach the mirror or leave the bathroom at this point my curiosity at me to get closer but the voice in the back of my head told me leave . i think you know by me posting here that my curiosity got the better of me . so i forward while my son by the bathroom doorway . i the mirror and the inside to find the source of the gleam . i bent over the sink and into the mirror which at this point was essentially a window . i down at an angle in the mirror to see a what like an image of me and my son however it as if the image was flat and being . as if someone was it apart at the sides there were even small the middle which a prism of that was reaching through the mirror . upon closer inspection i could make out multiple red thick on the four of the impostor image . soon the image was torn into a small burst of light and leaving of blue yellow and purple through the air . once the i was able to make out what tore the image apart . it was humanoid shape although it was about twice as large as any man i ' seen . it had many arms from its torso each with various of although none to have more than three . it was on the golden earth when it to squat down for a second before it itself like a torpedo in my direction . i back it to come through the mirror but thankfully it it t cross through the mirror . i fell on my butt on the ground and was frozen as the creature just clung on the other side of the mirror giving me a up close look at it . its skin was prickly and with an almost flow like a dress dancing in the wind . the head of this creature was a lumpy and oblong shape that slowly rose and fell . the face was devoid of a nose ear or mouth but had three that were on top of each other each eye was mucus green with shaped like minus . its around the room as if was searching for something . those at me for a brief moment but it felt like an hour . suddenly air from its . i then felt something in my throat and doubled over and to cough up green liquid onto the bathroom floor . my felt as if someone was holding my head underwater . i to go into a violent fit as i grasp at my throat trying to get oxygen . i could see the creature in the reflection looking down at me as if it was waiting on something to happen . soon my son rushed to my side trying his best to help me . he was his out as he watched as his mother choke . then it . the creature locked on my son . its to increase thrice in size giving off the impression that it was excited by the sight of my child . it itself against the mirror . its head into a cone shape the slow ripple a frantic pulsation . although i lied on the ground choking feeling a terror pain and helplessness another emotion over took me . disgust . although it that we were dealing with an otherworldly being i could still understand that this thing had awful for my child . i had to get my away from this but in my current fit i knew i was hanging on by a thread and could not manage a retreat . i knew my son t have the capacity to move me out of the bathroom . my sight was getting fuzzy . i at my son and back at the mirror . the creature chest be tearing open revealing of transparent . i knew i to do something soon so i around and the first thing i could get my on . so i the plunger by the toilet and threw it at the mirror that the stick part would hit the mirror and not stick to it . luckily the stick did hit the mirror leaving a significant impact at the center bottom . unfortunately the whole mirror t completely crumble as i had hoped but the entire mirror was almost entirely cracked and plenty of did fall in the sink . the creature in the mirror was barely visible at that point and i suddenly almost magically was able to breathe again . i quickly to get to my with intention of leaving the bathroom with my son before anything else . i scooped him up as fast as i could and dashed out the bathroom into my bedroom before i locked the door behind us . after that i tried my best to comfort my son after what we had both . i did what i could wipe his snot and away with of my robe . he me what was that ? and what ? i ' t respond . i only him until he eventually cried himself to sleep . i do not who know to call or how to explain this ? i need help . something about a stranger so that i could sneak into the fight that was threatening to kill my family reckless for a thirteen year old . i know that people say are impulsive and emotional but that s exactly the baseless sort of accusation that me to prove them wrong by doing something bold . cool night air rushed into my as i ran out of the warehouse . i t how stifling it had been in there until i was free . i down at my phone with shaking . the tile would tell me where rick had gone and where my dad and were being . . the address read drive . rick s car had driven an entire mile . and a half . one time we d been forced to run a mile in p . e . so i a mile in p . e . it was an experience i d vowed never to repeat . it s amazing what hard we place on ourselves convinced that crossing them would simply be impossible . life a way of us in extreme past long to our proving that the of our imagination were in fact all along . i ran into the night . i dove behind a bush as i trying desperately to pull air into that for mercy . i at my sweaty t shirt and . for an oxygen moment i truly considered just how stupid i was acting . then i cut that out because thinking too much only to reveal how dangerous hunting really is . there was only one option . did i like it ? t matter . there was a single path forward . life is a lot less scary when we don t have a choice . i my eye . then i over the . the house had probably been extremely cool when it was built a thousand ago or whatever but now it just creepy . it was a big enough mansion to let me know that i was a small enough person to never be politely inside . i d read my dad s thoroughly enough to recognize the address . the house was filial crossing and it had been on a list of suspected congregation meeting . they likely had one person the grounds on most nights possibly two if something big was about to happen . i also knew that it would be the least capable among them assigned to such a task a house is only as strong as what s inside . so i and i watched determined to let them fail first . patience was agony . i what they were doing to my family while i sat outside . were they being tortured ? were they already dead ? would it be less painful to stop ? then i saw it . a shadow past a window i d found the patrolman . he was outside the second floor of the house . and he was crawling on the wall . the first chunk of puke tickled my uvula . it was time to move . a second patrolman would reveal himself quickly if i right . so i slipped through the . they slightly . the shadow stopped crawling . i my breath . then i forward keeping as quiet as possible . i hardly breathed . the shadow down the side of the house like a spider . i slipped into a clearing on the grass in the full moonlight . i was now exposed on every side no were available . i slowly for my out two before slipping a third into my waistband behind my back . the shadow noisily into the light . i my tightly . no going back now . a pale boy of about eighteen burst in front of me pinning my arms to my sides . he was significantly than me . i t budge . ! he out . a should never make unnecessary noise but i was hardly in a position to judge . i my neck around to see another guy of about the same age sauntering up behind me stopping a few away . who the hell is this ? who the hell are you ? my captor . my breath was struggling to keep up with my heart . my name is i m mangel . my family s inside i i just to help them what the are you talking about ? the one behind me . your congregation took my dad and we re you came into my house i just want to make sure they re safe . i tried to stop the i really did but when your get so hot that they feel like they re melting it can be completely impossible to stop . look at his the first one . his arms around me and plucked the from my grasp . i tried to fight back . those were not successful . where d you get these ? he whispered his face into my ear . is your daddy ? ? are and your ? i as the first fell . you can t kill me because my family alive . they froze . how do you know about shut the up ! . you should know that my gathering is coming right now i and they kill you before heading inside and freeing my family ! so you d you d better just let me go ! i my breath . at his already pale skin becoming fluorescent white . do you think he s lying ? it t matter ! the other shot back . if he s telling the truth we have to move now . if he s lying we still have to take care of him ! should we don t kill him the rest of his family alive ! my heart to burst through my chest . rick ! i . they fell for the trap ! come save me ! ! . he that rick broke in he must be part of their plan ! obviously i m not stupid ! shot back . we can t kill him but if rick comes and this away we re . i guess there s only one thing to do darkly . he wrapped one arm around me pinning both to my and my hair violently sideways with the other hand . my neck lay exposed to the night sky . i closed my . then his on my skin . they felt like icy and his tongue lapped me like a thick moist slug . i felt the of his . . they hurt so much more than the tattoo needle and they firing on i t know at frozen of agony inside my core . my lifeblood out of my neck and all of my warmth went with it . i t that my living heat had always been with me until it t there through an open wound and to satisfy a stranger s appetite . the fire inside of me . i was emotionless . i could feel the emptiness . pain t as noticeable when it s an intrinsic feature of the soul . one final time before his and me . let me go as i fell to my . i d been from the inside out by two who decided that for a moment my body was their own . i numbly rolled my cold tongue across my teeth to understand that i would be forever different . what s rick going to do now huh ? . knelt by my side talking down to me from above . you been . are too emotional and that more of them than they re willing to admit . so look inside he lowering his voice . do you still feel the passion that drove you here ? i t want to see myself but the change was obvious that passion was gone . i was different . i got to my baring my in the moonlight . they . you re right i . my voice felt like it was coming from underwater . i m different . i stood coming level with s chest . up at me from his kneeling position with great satisfaction as he my blood from his . but you re wrong about what me . i whipped out the stake that they d from my waistband and buried it deep into s exposed chest where it got stuck . so i let it go and sunk my into s heart as he tearing a huge meaty chunk of flesh out of his torso . i the taste and i t ashamed . this was me . landed on the ground with a . i could taste his death without looking at him . apparently i had new . and fell to the ground . his kind t have a pulse but their heart was crucial to survival . he t dead yet though he could barely move . your mistake i was the assumption that i was driven by passion . not at all . it was purpose that brought me here and led me to concoct a lie with just enough truth to convince you to give me the of your kind . the odds are against the tonight so the only way forward is to give them a hybrid they re not . . you that the mental change would be too much for me to resist ? that i d join you just because my are to this new form ? i bent down to pull a stake from the . i know i . it turns out that my strength is being . i dove onto driving the momentum of the fall into my stake as i it through his chest and deep into the grass below . the smell of delicious death into my and i knew that i was done here . i the and them carefully in my pack because a care of his . i my hungrily as i up at the house where my family was being . i d do anything to get them back . and now i had more at my disposal which would make it much easier to get inside . i off the ground into the air and gently flew toward the second story window next part say was the twelve year old i ' ever met would be an understatement . according to his school his first stroke of genius hit around the time he was in second grade when he three digit in his head while the other were just learning to add their . he always been fascinated by mathematics particularly probability which ' t even covered in the syllabus yet . his teacher immediately ' s to consider him skipping a few maybe even take a few to see if he was a genius . the " were against that idea completely they just thought it would be too much work in their already hectic life . however the absolute lack of attention or love from ' s ' t the reason why he is in my office every day at p . m . sharply . frankly i don ' t think that him . he ' s not all too popular in school either considering no to be with a know it all that could predict the outcome of monopoly with the help of some probability . that ' s not what we ' re here either . been sent to me because he was the only one present at the crime scene when his year old baby sitter was brutally by the serial killer who had from jail a couple of ago and was on a killing spree . well he ' t exactly a witness because while ' s head was being with a hammer was too busy counting the on the bathroom floor . it was unfortunate really but fate would have it that met the pattern of this rogue killer ' s previous . the " returned home to a bloody corpse in the middle of their living room and their young boy seated on a chair in the dining hall on his . it was that her son a psychiatrist given god what he might have that evening . she to ensure if he was still normal . my sessions with haven ' t really been all that fruitful . i tried to keep the conversation going many times but all i ' d get in return were a few and maybe a half hearted " yea " now and then . today however i decided to dive right in and talk about that gruesome evening . " it was a dark time for the entire town you know " i spoke . " the police ' t see it coming nobody did . what were the ? " " i did . " a voice ! a sentence ! that was a breakthrough for me . " what ' s that ? " i had seen the man come to our house and stare every evening for a week spoke . who ? i . the bad man who . " i would see him from the bedroom window i knew the police were looking i saw the news and i knew he was going to do something bad . i also knew he would done it on a or a because that ' s when and dad don t come home for a long time . continued . the were out of . i felt a chill go down my spine . it was peculiar to see a child talk about such an event with not even a hint of remorse . " why " i " why ' t you say anything you could ' saved her life . " never when i spoke about math she it weird . besides i to see if i was right . i never thought i d find a man interesting enough to me until will came along i enrolled in college at and by the time i was i was getting a doctorate in . i m and i can say for sure that few people in the world know more about the human lung than me . and i did all that while to deal with college and rolling my at trying to make a move on a that t even old enough to drive . when my second month in college i was already known as girl and i was merciless on . even my medical school male supposed were almost as uninteresting as your average man if one could choose their sexual orientation i would gladly fall for one of the many beautiful and gentle my age i knew . i can t deny i felt lonely at times but i t about to throw away my future for some run of the mill guy not while both my had to work two and all my three living retirement . all to make sure i had all the time and money necessary to focus on being a gifted my family t poor but someone like me under your care is expensive beyond imagination . will was the brother of a brilliant professor of mine and one year younger than me . their mother had just and due to certain health he was to be around his big sister while she was at work . on his first day with us right after my teacher s mourning leave will was briefly then not to cause any trouble . he then sat next to me greeting me with a warm and innocent smile and a colleague be careful she s girl . one wrong look and she will electroshock you . that s great because my heart can literally stop at any time he his almost childish radiant smile growing . and just like that i knew that he was the one . despite not being as clever as me will to learn was kind hearted to even the creature passionate about drawing and a cooking savant no matter what crazy food he came up with they were always delicious . four later we were happily engaged and living together . his illness t taken the best of him so far and one of my side was trying to create a new method to breathe something that would give will more to survive when his heart stopped . after a dislocated rib due to a minor accident i i was onto something i won t share the technique that turned my life into a dark and gory nightmare but it s about slightly a specific rib on purpose your to easily fill with double the air and send your brain an unimaginable amount of oxygen . i spent writing the theoretical part then turned on the camera and will to my small office do perform the first test . watch me breathing in an unprecedented way ! i then carefully on slightly my i won t disclose the kind of training i went through to make it possible either this is a warning and a cry for help not some fun ritual to make strange happen . will barely blinking . when i finished filling my i felt some sort of switch inside the of my brain as my heart a little just enough to send such ridiculous amount of oxygen to my . his with both fascination and fear . what ? i . oh my god . oh my god where are you ? he spent a few that i was invisible although i could still look at my own normally . will t prank me in such an important moment but it was too farfetched for me to actually believe it so i checked the footage . and there it was just after i finished filling my i from the image completely . i was in fact invisible . we did so many but there was no rhyme or reason as to how and why that . you breathe in an odd way that you to fill your twice as much as it would be possible and suddenly you re gone from other people s view . there s no other way to describe it and no logical explanation . but despite this strange side effect the new way to breathe to work perfectly for its purpose more air in your body . besides you can still interact with normally you don t become ethereal like it s some fantasy spell so my approach was don t to fix what s not so broken . the next few were spent with will training to learn my breathing technique while i myself in all of from physics to philosophy trying to understand anything anything at all . i to write a paper and tell the world about such insane discovery but first i to at least come up with a reasonable theory to explain it . my former professor and sister in law mary was the first person we told about it . i spent a whole day the technique in front of her successfully becoming invisible in all of them . then after almost times mary was satisfied but it took her some good few in silence to even process what she saw . maybe you a secret gland or something that can have that effect ? but how ? this is so uncanny . the whole scientific community been trying to make invisible for so long i can t believe the answer is just breathing . we some each than the former none backed up by or even obscure science . there s no way that the light can go through a human body like it was made of its surroundings and everyone with a drop of common sense that . could it be something demonic ? mary and we all a good laugh . i m sure a lot of we can easily explain now felt this alien when someone first discovered them will . the beauty in life is that it s still full of unexplainable and that eventually science will show it all perfect sense . the two of us agreed . i want to try it mary stated and after some of training she had it too . i can t believe you caught up so fast . it took me two whole will to be . and for a non genius you re doing really well sweetie his sister his head . i remember how the three of us were when we about it . but i think it was the last time i ever felt excited or even normal . because after she left our place that day mary was never seen again . at first we thought that she was only invisible and tried not to worry too much . but every day the sense of wrongness grew and after a whole week went by we that something awful had . we still don t know what but by what to us next we can imagine . around days after mary went missing will ended up hurting himself while invisible nothing serious just your regular toe on and a scratch . a few later when he was back to his normal visible self i his foot awful . it was like he had an infected wound for days and instead of tending to it it was just left to rot in the heat . it was black with an awful smell and the insignificant wound immense like it was spreading by eating him up . i put on some surgical to examine my as soon as i lightly poked his it a bituminous gleaming on my face with tiny tiny of white . despite being a seasoned doctor this made me gag and i immediately ran to the bathroom and rubbed myself clean but no matter what i did i t wipe it from will . i t even find his flesh under the obsidian like fluid . it that his whole limb was made of that dark matter . does it hurt ? i concerned . weirdly no . in fact i feel somewhat at peace like i m more connected to the greater unknown will . i checked if he was feverish or delirious but no he just had this romantic way of speaking sometimes but at that moment it felt odd and even eerie . should i take you to the er ? if my personal doctor can t find what s wrong no one else would he with an angelic face that could calm a storm . it s probably just another weird but harmless side effect . and how do you feel about the breathing ? i feel great . my whole body is so after this much oxygen . i m glad to know i kissing him good night . i t that went by as i tried to tend to him and i was exhausted still i had a little more to do before indulging myself to some sleep . i ended up taking a long nap on my desk in the other room and when i woke up to go to bed it was almost morning . as i the door to our bedroom i stepped on something wet and sticky . the whole room was covered in that infernal ebony jelly . i and saw will s silhouette shuffling in the bed . thank god he s still alive i distinctly remember thinking . for a moment there i thought that his body had and all over . but then my too and i turned on the to see were even worse than i . will and the bed had together in a pool of pure blackness . the outline of his was perfectly visible but except for his head his body was the mattress and the mattress was like a distorted burnt down plastic figurine as if someone who never saw a human tried to craft an anatomical model . as i saw this aberration the black on the floor were almost completely covered by my vomit . will was crying . we had no idea of what to do . we t and still don t know anyone or anything that can help us . it s been three days and will is still fused to our bed dripping black goo full of little his mind is barely there and i only know that he s not in a coma because he will mumble something from time to time . return to the void of space we are made of the ether of it s time to give it back those who go beyond the of the body should be erased dissolve into us and the pain will go away i did my best not to touch the black mud but i know i m infected too . i stopped the breathing technique days ago but the of my are numb and blue almost black . it won t be long now until i start transforming too and then it will be just a matter of time before the two of us dissolve while still alive together but so lonely as our mind is filled with an unfitting almost insulting calmness and gently leaves us . i m starting to feel my head light full of ancient and that don t belong to me of and and that see everything but keep endless full of i t know full of forbidden knowledge i can t express through our limited communication full of of distant and unimaginable that lurk so far and yet so close . the stench t bother me it s pretty much part of me now . still the rational part of my mind desperately to live or at the very least die in a more dignified way than slowly rotting to death . i m not afraid to die i m just by the fact that i m so smart and young and that the process is so unpleasant and scary . so to whoever is reading this please save me or at least set me free at once . xb room is fairly big about by and is completely white . the only way in or out of the room is by a door on one of the . there is nothing else in the room . i can tell that i may never leave this place ever again . i am not sure exactly how i the room . all i remember was sleeping in my bed then suddenly waking up in this white room . i tried to leave by the door but it t open . i think it might be locked . all i have with me is my clothes and my phone . i have been able to write down what but i cannot receive or send any to family or . the only one that works is this site . time t seem to work in this room . so far i do not need to go to the bathroom yet it been at least a week . i do not need water or food and i have been able to keep my open fully for a day with no bad . during this time i also learned that space may not work either . one day i was laying on the ground and to cure my boredom pretended i was walking on the . all of a sudden i slid to the wall and felt as if gravity . i was to learn that i could walk on the and even the ceiling . this part really sold the fact that something crazy was happening . i think i am losing my mind here . after about a month of being in this room i hear something beyond the door . i was too to move when the door and a body flew out . the door shut as soon as the figure came out . i towards the body and saw that it was a man about my age but and with glasses . he suddenly woke up and let out a yelp of surprise when seeing me . what the hell are you doing in my . . . the man before taking in his surroundings . he quickly up and towards the door . he and on it but with no luck . i was beaming with excitement knowing that i had someone else to talk to . the man was and backed himself to the corner . what is this place ? the man . i with don t know i call it the room . the man was quiet while he took this in and sat in the corner thinking . after a while we got to talking and i learned about his life . his name was and a student at some community college . he t share much about himself other than those two and neither did i . i taught him the i know about the room like the lack of time and how gravity could change . i felt so good telling him these because i had no one to talk to . we good and each other stay sane . i felt that without him i would have surely become crazy . one day as we sat on the ceiling he quite and distant . i what was in his mind but he with nothing . then as if i were in a dream he his and them hard . blood came pouring out . before i could do anything to stop him he is and our his . the entire time i could do nothing but watch in fear and panic . the last thing he before dying was i just want to be free . i felt so guilty and panicked that i somehow unconscious . i woke up and saw that the body was gone . the blood was from the and even . i sat in a corner for about a week thinking about the that when the door again . a girl was thrown into the room . the girl awoke and backed her way in a wall while looking up to me still on the ceiling . she was crying and yelling for help . at this point i know what i have to do . i know there is no way out except for death . my phone is about to die and i have already given all the information i had to the girl . she t know what is about to take place but i wish her the best of luck . room and cruel world . today is june th . i this account in lieu of my best interested to express a deep concern for the safety of even if it me on the radar . it ago . my spouse and i were dead to the world as it were . we ' re avid for up so we finally get to bed around am . my spouse usually asleep before me which is fine . i personally like to stay up later than them anyways and watch a few to kind of " wind down " as it were before i inevitably start to get tired and fall asleep . as a bit of a . . my spouse grew up in a very religious home . no shocker there however as time went on and after we got together now over woo ! she ' s seen my point of view on religion and herself accepted it . i have no real point of view i ' m more of a you do you kind of person so if you find refuge in the idea of a religion all the power to you i personally understand that the idea of multiple can and most likely do exist however by all i will respect you for whoever you may worship . now as a bit of a side note for myself i admit i in the idea of when i was younger different of religious both good and bad . this was . . . i want to say ago now . i ' m currently . at the time i felt connected to these strange of being able to communicate and connect with another plane of existence . looking back if you had me ago what i thought about my younger self i ' d call myself out for being a righteous twat . well . . . guess my point of view slightly with my age . let ' s backtrack a bit . about ago my spouse and i got into bed did our usual routine she fell asleep and i watched a few funny on . no big deal . i fall asleep around midnight . . . . keep in mind not just that night or the day or even the week before that had i been up watching anything " horror related " or " spiritual " however this marked the night that to get . . unique . before we in the land lady we had told us that apparently " a witch used to live here doing and " no word that ' s literally what she said she was a landlord . i brushed it off rolled my and in . completely unbelievable . this was ago without any trace of weirdness or or anything just the odd smoke on the in the bathroom and some uncleaned hand on the . seriously no big deal . hell even looking at the history of this place we ' only had one real murder in the building and that was about ago with an elderly woman a few up but the guy was . don ' t make me get into that fest trying to leave for work with everywhere . . . anyways . . . as you can tell i ' m kind of tired because i ' m rattling on . that night i put my phone down and had no in the world . this was about the time c up i think or shortly after but i work from home now so no . closed my and off to sleep . unlike most nights i usually go around all the the are locked and or closed because well i live in kind of a neighborhood . tonight however was one of those rare nights i ' t worry about it . i close my around say . . . pm i think or so . after a few i ' m up and it ' s suddenly about am . not even an hour later and i ' m sitting up in bed next to my spouse wide awake . i look around and see nothing i hear nothing but the chirping outside of the and my gentle snoring . i look to the door to the bedroom and peer through it only seeing the bathroom across the hall . so i shake it off and lay back down with my across the ceiling . my won ' t shut as if i ' m in a trance of as a feeling of cold staring at me from the corner of the room are locked onto me . i glance down past my chest ruffled and to see well . . obviously nothing there except my closet slightly ajar like normal . i take a deep breath and sigh as i try to close my yet again to sleep . nope . as soon as i close my i hear a high ringing sound one equal to that of an old school fire alarm being shaking me awake again and my trained yet again on the door to the closet . i try to shake off the feeling but find no recluse from the uneasy feeling . so i as anyone logically would do grab something blunt inch my way from the bed to the closet no more than like . . and prepare myself in case something is there . surprise there ' s not . it ' s our normal closet . a bunch of clothing litter the some old lay in the back and an old stow away chair we don ' t use in there like storage . i shake my head slide the door shut and make my way back to bed . this time however i find myself slowly slipping off to sleep . however my mind still and around as if a soft murmur is from the dark of my room like a male whispering . i ' d brush this off as a one time thing . . . but . . well i think it ' s obvious it ' s not . this again after a few days almost as soon as i forgot the event . about later this event . . . i want to count up to times now in days ? i finally bring it up to my wife but she that i ' m apparently sleeping sound throughout the night that if i woke up in any way i ' d end up waking her up because of the bed . i found it oddly satisfying that she that it was just a dream however there was a nagging thought at the back of my mind . . . but i went with it . another week it another or times . we ' re now a month into it and about the first week of may however on my last " dream " i woke up in a tizzy sleep paralysis and all . my glued to the crack in the bedroom door my mouth dry my heart pounding out of my chest as i laid there next to my wife who slept soundly . at first there was nothing but silence and faint of the bathroom counter in the distance . . . but as i the energy and strength to try and move my on one specific spot . as i laid there deeply with fear which is something to say because i ' m a pretty stocky dude ' " bench around who ' s only real fear is and needles a misty static y head slowly around the corner of the door frame between the of the door and it ' s frame . this thing this . . . humanoid shape had pale skin a head and malnourished with a head of brown dirty patchy hair sunken empty stood over the frame which to me is around ft wearing this long . . brownish outfit and it ' s smile was . . . crooked teeth missing bloodied almost rotting . i ' d disregard it as a trick of the light but after all that the only action i could do was simply blink . even then when i blinked the form was still there looking at me with it ' s sunken and smile . it blocked any form of light behind it so i ' t even see any of the bathroom through it . at this point i ' m already because despite the attire and how it i honestly thought it was an intruder and i had to protect my family . after a few of struggling i finally manage to get my strength back and fall out of bed . at this point wide awake the loud crash of my head against the bedside table wakes my wife . she turns her light on at me and if i ' m . i respond with an obvious no as i stumble to my and swing open the door a small cut the edge of my forehead from the . i check the entire apartment . . and nothing . from each closet to each dark " area " to the . . . nothing . that was the last time i saw this figure . . . i him for some stupid reason in real life . something piercing about his glare shook me and from that point he was part of the ever elusive " " as i call them . some nights i remember bare minimal some i remember great detail . . . any time he his mouth i ' d hear of and men . any time he was close in my he would smell of rotting fruit and mold . . . . like leaving a plastic container of pizza outside all summer only to open it to the smell of mold and vomit . i remember faint of his long misshapen around each other and when he you could hear his crack under his own weight piercing through his rotting greenish grey skin . as time went on we ' re eventually at the end of may . i ' essentially given up on convincing my wife about these about these " " but the got worse . i would sometimes wake up from one of these and briefly as if a mental image over my for a moment would see it ' s face ' s face staring down at me from above me . when sitting up it ' s as if i could feel something backwards as it into my closet . . . like a slime melting into a grate or mud through a strainer . this time however was different . the date was june th . the time was am . i ' already up several times and throughout the last almost would normally only get approximately between or of sleep per week at best however it was usually only about per night . this night . . well morning however i woke to a loud scream in my ear and faint coming from the outside my now since closed door . i jump up in a panic my chest hurting from the exhaustion and my heart racing and see a sliver of shadow stretch against the wall from the corner where our closet is and from around the bend . a cold rush washed over me briefly frozen in place wanting to run . sweat dripping off my untamed hair my breathing irrational and all over the place but not enough to wake up my spouse . was for once not coming near me . instead he was for lack of a better term watching . the cold feeling went away and i felt this presence staring at me for a few before finally he . this form this entity i ' been seeing between my bedroom and my unconscious mind was holding his over his torn ear . for the first time he was beckoning me . i mentally was telling myself it ' s not real don ' t listen but my body was actively forcing itself to follow it . my without my awareness were starting to cover my like him . as my closed in the faint then nothing . pure silence as my locked in place with that of this misty dark form that was etching around the crevice that was my closet door . after a few clear as day i a whisper one faint voice in the silence . lock the . lock the . do not speak of me or i will come back . you will not sleep . i however ' t believe momentarily that this voice was coming from no where . i look over at my wife still covering my and back towards the closet . was gone . the room was silent . no more breathing heavy my heart and when i removed my all i was the faint of in the distance and my wife gently snoring . i slowly rose from bed slowly making my way to the closet and opening it further . i look inside flashlight turned on from my phone and see nothing . just a dusty chair and some baggage . i take a brief moment to myself and catch myself pondering if it were all really just a dream . . . then i decide to heed it ' s and do as it despite better . anything to feel safe anything to sleep . . . i thought . at this point i was desperate willing to do anything to knock myself out . even if it finding a therapist . . . or something i was even brought to a few days because i was so exhausted . i stopped on work i stopped on my life overall . my head was splitting my sight was dizzy and i no to make it stop . so i went around the entire house locked all and and even left our kitchen light on just to be safe . i came back in our door with a dresser quietly not to wake my wife and back into bed . i into the ceiling for about an hour before i finally out . this was the first glorious morning i had slept . my wife had to force me to wake up the next day just to get me up . however not all ended well . when my wife got me up she notified me . . . the police were here again this morning . on the screen for the window to our living room were gash from a knife . when looking at the outside our window there were at least people outside our last night trying to get in . despite leaving our light on they were trying to silently get into our apartment without being to no avail . . . . turns out we were the lucky . . . turns out that whoever it was that tried breaking into our apartment gave up . . . and went for the family upstairs . i won ' t disclose the for privacy . . . but it was a woman her husband and two of their . the mother had her head in the father throat slit and both were to die silently . no were used no were all of this . . . only away from us . . . just thinking about it up my spine but there was nothing i could do to stop it . so to the on the floor above us i ' m deeply sorry and i feel guilty . . . i don ' t know why i do but i just do . it could have been us i keep telling myself but i can ' t bare the thought that were for . . . . so regardless of this . . . . i ' m doing this to get the word out . . and to lure it back in whatever it was . don ' t close your closet don ' t close your mind to the unknown . . . because you never really know what might happen . . . it might save your life the of your family one day . for me ? i come despite the warning i want to ask it one final question before i ' m . . . why me ? whatever you were you could ' saved more than us . now since that . . . i have non stop of seeing their unraveled and warped by death all because i ' m the one that had the up or or whatever the hell you want to call it . i ' m the one that took the and went with it . all i can say is . . . why me ? short version . . . in a weird unprepared turn of i was either or had a wicked case of sleep paralysis from a form of demon that i may or may not have who stopped me and my wife from being this month . . . . at the cost of another family above us . now i ' m left this information to the public of this " " creature in that you it ' s . . . because i ' m not . i want to find out why us because it on my soul that those won ' t see a future now all because of what . i ' m now paying for people i don ' t know because i can ' t stop crying . i put this as self harm because with how much anxiety everything that ' s weighed on me the exhaustion it ' s leading me to it . all i can say is wish me luck . . . . if i don ' t post an update in a week . . . well i guess . . . which i guess ' t be so bad . . . . this was the real thing that actually got me interested in this stuff back in . i was a seminary grad and had seen some that were unexplainable like knowing about us they ' t have and phone getting fuzzy when we tried to counsel people who were tormented . this was something i actually saw though . we bought a house from my wife ' s and were almost done moving in . her family was eating at a restaurant nearby and my family was back resting at our old house a few away . it was dark and i was finishing up moving some last and was about to lock the front door . it ' s here i should probably mention when we were dating i had stayed here with them a few times and again when we to the area after we got married . i worked and would out in the living room after i got home which was an add on off of the original house . i would hear and from the main house yet i saw nothing walking by the entry . i my wife and she told me that always when someone new stayed with the family . she also said " it " could only stay in the original part of the house . therefore i spent pretty much all my time in the add on . when i a relative who lived there he said after his father my wife ' s granddad he fell asleep at the kitchen table and that his father came and told him to leave his grave alone . a few later the family had to dig up the grave for ground and tried to open the sarcophagus but it would not open . my dad in law and said " i told you he ' t want to be disturbed " . it ' s also important to note that my wife ' s granddad her dad and i are all the same height and build . both of them were and i was working at a dangerous job where i people . all of us had similar . also there was always a picture on the wall of the granddad smiling in his white uniform . he was the town marshal of a small backwoods town that no longer look up times beach . the town was shut down due to chemical poisoning but being a stubborn protector he stuck around . he at an old age but he still from the chemical poisoning . they said when my wife a toddler she ' d point at an empty space and say " grandpa " . that was after he . now back to where i stood locking the front door that night . i ' d left a light on in the house to discourage would be . when i up a bright white figure with gray hair my height left to right right in front of me inside the house . i could see it through the glass . it at a pace like a guard making their . it was especially freaky because i knew i had the house before i stepped out . i was out but i still drew my gun and the house . nothing . totally clean . i got out of there fast and went to the restaurant where the were eating . they could tell i was out even though i tried to hide it . i sat with them and a lots of as i what . they perfectly calm because apparently they were something like this . they said when an uncle was with them he thought he saw my dad in law walking by from the living room . he was at work several away . i the uncle later and he physically shaking and ' t want to talk about it . i could tell he saw the same thing i did . strange also people were moving furniture in and out of the house . i my mother in law why it did this to me that night . " you your gun out and the house right ? " she . i said yes . she . " he did that kind of thing when he was alive . he to know if you ' d man up and protect your family or if you were a chicken . i guess you . " it ' s been five now and here ' s the thing . . . i don ' t think it was the grandfather . don ' t get me wrong he was there in his stead . but i ' learned from my and experience that there are in this world which we call and . it ' s pretty simple if you see it doing good it ' s an angel and if you see it doing bad it ' s a demon . people ' s move on when they die . these are either personal or territorial . they take on to either allure and then deceive you or in the good case like this to put you at ease in the form of something familiar and familial . i believe this is the family ' s guardian angel . i ' also always had a sense about these . like my dad who was a marine and then a preacher go figure i could always sense what people ' s were . recently i down driving up a hill and got over . my wife what was wrong and i said i ' t know . on the other side there was a cop sitting at a speed trap . i tried to warn in seminary about a preacher who was a bad dude . everyone at me but now the guy is doing in prison . these are the of i perceive . i believe there ' s a link between what we call supernatural and science . we simply don ' t understand it yet . but it ' s very real . these days i hear " it " walking around the circle of the main house like on a patrol as i relax in the living room after my shift . " you stay on your side and i ' stay on mine " i joke with him even though it still me out a bit . one time recently though it stopped for a while . i was relieved at first but then i in the main house again . this time it ' t peaceful it was malicious . it was something else and not good . i said from my seat " i ' m not going over there " . bad idea . never taunt them . then i going upstairs towards my ' s room and i the upstairs was an original part of the house . i my wake up crying . i quickly but silently ran upstairs and him . he said he had a bad dream and went back to bed . i went downstairs and psalm . i when my brother someone what he had told me . an entity had to be ordered away form both the person and the place . so i ordered " it " to not only leave the place and never return but to leave alone everyone in our family . your faith can stop it from possessing you but not from torment . after that have been peaceful and i still hear the in the main house peaceful though . they can ' t read your mind but remember they see and hear all you do and can tell their about you like demonic gossipy in high school not that different actually . they use their knowledge against you . if you ' re into something bad they use that against you and an angel can ' t go there to protect you . so when our down the nursery rhyme " oh be careful little what you see . oh be careful little what you hear . oh be careful little mouth what you say " it ' t just a rhyme . they were trying to pass down a warning that we would have at because in our youth we ' re too naive to understand . now we know so be careful . there ' s something out there . something just beyond the black square of glass in my window . something waiting in the dark . something watching . growing . learning . if you stand real still you can almost feel it writhing against the ground twisting in the muddy red clay groaning in pain as its stretch and snap split splinter . can you hear the skin tight against a frame the flesh shifting and sinking and into freshly made ? i can hear it . i swear i can . i really can . i know it ' s out there because my granny she used to say there was something out there something living in the dense sloping around her house . she used to tell us about the thing all the time . said we best be in before full dark or else it ' d find us . those old mines in the they belong to it she said . that ' s why it smelled like dirt and sweat and . if you smelled the she said you ' d better run like the devil " cause the devil was " ready to run after you . we ' t believe her that the devil was out here in the of . but sometimes when the dark to get real deep up on the hillside you might smell it . that smell like old sweat and smoke and bad . and all the tiny little on the back of your neck they ' d stand up straight as a damn board and you ' d get that tight squirm in your belly that little in your lizard brain that said something was there watching so close it was ready to reach out and touch you . and then you knew it was time to find your way down the hillside and get yourself on home . granny this summer and now the old house in the holler is mine . it like such a good idea to come out and find some quiet find some calm and easy space to live for a bit . just to be a little closer to her . and maybe to myself . or maybe i just miss and somewhere to go to try to get better . i don ' t know . regardless the day time is fine . when the valley is in light it ' s a beautiful peaceful thing . deep forest the sloping of hillside to the east and west with a long stretch of high waving grass on the valley floor . it ' s calmer and quieter than i remember even . but it ' s too . the night in like a black ocean wave and over the valley like ink all the light with a single minded purpose that it seem alive somehow . the little light out on the porch and as if the dark is pressing in on it trying to snuff it out . kill it . it ' s a different kind of night out here . different than the negotiable half nights i ' known in the city . street and and concrete of fluorescence they dilute the nights make them optional . in a big city it can be hard to even keep track of the time because of it . these nights here are not optional . they are absolute . they are in control . and yet i still haven ' t slept since i got here . no more than a few of sleep i mean . and sleep deprivation is a funny thing . the world lose all its hard and defined . one moment into the next into a heap of other becomes a tangle of lost time and broken . and in the pit of the night in the trench when you ' re in your bed and caught in some endless looping nowhere space between asleep and awake you lose hold of the difference between what ' s real and what ' s not . between dream and not dream . so when you finally get up in the morning when the sun finally up the window and across the wooden of the floor it ' s easy to convince yourself it ' t real . that you ' t hear what you know you . that there ' t something out there . screaming . and so for the sixth morning in a row i ' m trying to make my coffee but every time i put the grounds in there ' s already grounds in and i can ' t figure out how . can ' t figure out who is grounds in my machine because i ' m the only one here . right ? i ' m the only person here and i ' m the only one making coffee so why can ' t i remember grounds to the machine . why . i know i it . i know i did . i nothing . i my own brain struggling to breathe breaking under the strain of another sleepless night . i ' go into town in a few days and i ' get something something to help me sleep and everything will be fine . but i it . a low twisting scream in the distance a buzzing cracking that i ' never before . not animal not human . i ' and and even a mountain lion once . but this ' t that . i ' m fine . i don ' t know what i . everything is fine . out into the yard to clear some brush from the back of the house . the physical labor me forget about it the screaming but the exhaustion is close at hand nipping at the of my . swinging an ax at a sapling but it just seem to bend away and nothing is going right . nothing is working . all the wind out of me faster than it should . i ' m just so tired . dripping . something is dripping onto the leaves near my . just a soft pip pip pip pip pip . i lift my hand and find that it ' s in blood . . when did that happen ? the palm is open and blood is pouring out racing down my in thick rushing toward the ground like that ' s where it was always meant to be . it ' t hurt but panic inside me . i should know what to do but i feel frozen . the blood pip pip into the dirt . like ' s blood dripping against the warped panel of a car door . . something my name . from up on the hill between the rustling of the the sound slithers down the slope and through the air . it ' s nowhere it ' s everywhere . it ' s everything it ' s nothing . . it my name again and this time it on the like a baby testing its own tongue with the in its mouth . my heart up into my throat and i can ' t breathe i can ' t breathe i can ' t think i can ' t move . the blood goes pip pip pip . ' s blood goes pip pip pip . . it ' s a scream this time that same screaming from last night that twisting metal saw glass between your teeth screaming . i ' m moving before i even know what i ' m doing over the dry red clay and brown grass and up the of the porch . the screen door behind me and i push the house door shut lock the bolt leave behind a smear of blood . a smear a smear of blood . panting trying to find my breath my hand against my shirt . what the did i just hear ? i spend the evening binding up my hand and trying to remember more of what my granny used to say about the thing on the hill . i wish i could call my brother and ask him but the cell reception here is terrible and the cell phone is all i have . i open the microwave and extend a still shaking hand to put a frozen dinner in but there ' s already a dinner in there but long forgotten and cold . . i ' m losing my mind . i eat my dinner but the night is coming and the night is coming and the night is coming and i can ' t stop it can ' t stop the dark i can ' t stop it and i can ' t get my in order can ' t seem to hold onto them at all they just run through my like sand just run in that won ' t link together and make sense . the fear is tangling me up and the exhaustion is me down like gravity gravity gravity . did i eat ? i did . am i sure ? no but i feel full . what ' s that buzzing sound ? like a bee inside my head bouncing against the inside of my skull and i can ' t make it stop . i ' m so tired . did i lock the ? i did . am i sure ? no i ' m not sure . i pace the house and check the again check the again check the again . i check the pull all the closed . when i get to the bedroom window on the second floor i pause . i look out over the long gravel driveway . the sun is sinking low and the valley is in deep orange light . the night is creeping in the getting long . and out by the crooked wooden gate something is moving . it ' s a dog . i can ' t tell what kind i can only see its flat black silhouette in the setting sun . i can see a pair of large pointed and a sloping snout . i watch it for a moment hand on the curtain . hand on the curtain . my hurting hand is on the curtain . and then absurdly impossibly the dog . it up . it from the ground like a man up on two it up it stood up it ' s standing up . i snap the curtain over the window and fall back trip over my own hit the floor hard and scamper to the far wall . . did i imagine it ? surely i it . my brain me . a voice my name again but this time i recognize it . it ' s my granny ' s voice . i crawl back to the window look outside again . the thing is low back arched and its long sloping head is swinging back and forth as if searching for me . it ' s not animal and it ' s not human just a black thing its way down the driveway . its close enough now that i can see its face long and covered in of bare yellow bone as if only half formed half done being shaped . its are empty black . its face is moving squirming writhing . are dripping away onto the ground and i realize they ' re crawling through the matted black fur twisting over the exposed . come to granny i think about running . the back door and circling around the side of the house to my car . maybe i could make it . maybe . but then . out by the fence . more dark . unfolding from the ground . standing up . and the darkness everything up . . . everything up . and all i can how will i again ? my granny used to say used to say it knew . the devil when you ' done wrong she ' d say . be nice to your brother or the devil ' know . it ' come down off the hill and find it will . i ' m . surely i ' m . or dying . or both . is there a difference ? there ' s a tapping at the door downstairs so faint and quiet i almost can ' t hear it . polite almost . does it know ? it can ' t know . it ' s not real . i pull the bedroom door shut lock it collapse into the floor and squeeze my shut beg myself to wake up to snap out of it . there ' s a crunching sound like shredding wood . and then on the . . . " ? " a voice . a real voice . my . my real . just outside the bedroom door . " it ' s . let me in you ' re me ! " i scramble from the floor . i knew what i saw ' t real . ' t have been . i don ' t remember talking to telling her to come out but obviously i did obviously we made and thank god thank god . thank god god god i reach for the door . " in let me . " i freeze . wait . it can ' t be . it can ' t be . because we were driving home from a party last year . and i said i was . but i ' t . i ' t oh oh kay . i said i was fine to drive and it was fine and everything was fine . but it ' t fine . " darling ? " . what the . is dead . and i her wrapped our car so far around a tree that they ' t even . and me . i ' t tell them . but it . it who was driving . the devil ' . my granny ' s voice from the other side of the door . let your granny in . i sit down on the bed and close my and wait wait for it to break the door open . wait for it to come through and balance the scales by cracking my open gnawing on my drinking the guilt straight out of . it ' s fine i ' it it ' s fine it ' s it ' s fine it ' s fine but when i open my again something is different . sunlight is streaming through the in the . i ' been asleep . did i hallucinate it all ? slowly carefully i climb out of the bed and listen at the door . nothing . i turn the knob let the door swing in toward me . there in the floor . a neat squirming pile of . so i went to my car . and i drove straight into town . and into the police station . because granny was right . the devil knew . and it came down off the hill to find me . just joining us ? i recommend starting at the beginning . too far back ? you can refresh your memory with the previous update here . xb xb eric and i ran so hard that my felt like they ' d caught fire . exhausted i fell to the dirt with a groan . the pain of my face broken wrist and a lifetime of poor had finally caught up with me . " i . . . i ' m done " i breathed . eric doubled back crouching next to me . " take it easy man . look ! " he pointed ahead . " we ' re nearly to the river . let ' s get you some water . " so we were . now that i was catching my breath the rest of my to sharpen again . i could hear the rushing current just barely through the howling wind . i myself to my and the two of us made our way to the bank where i to my and as much water as my mouth could hold . " pass me the book " eric said . i inside my jacket and handed it to him its rolling in the storm . he it closed up to the light of the moon . " the entire time you had this " he said squinting at the cover . " and you never the author ? " i at him of water from my mouth . i mean it ' s not like i ' had it my whole life . i left it here when we went home . " i really ' t need any of that week . who wrote it ? " grandma he said incredulously . he turned the book toward me and jabbed a finger at the bottom text . " g . . " well i be damned . " don ' t sweat it " eric said shaking his head . " i it on first glance too . " he around no doubt scouting for a place free from wind with enough moonlight read by . eventually he settled on a large boulder near the water shielded from the storm by a gnarled fir tree . he up it with some effort . did you know she was a writer ? " he down to me . not at all " i said . come to think of it i had no idea about anything grandma did besides come over every and bake apple . never about it . eric the book open to the first page and his glasses . mind keeping a look out while i peruse this thing ? i rising from the and looking up and down the shore . no sign of the man and no sign of the beast that the cabin either . so far so good . i my broken wrist and breathed a sigh of relief pushing it out of my blood in a painful snort . i up the side of the bank getting to higher ground so i could better keep watch over the area . as i did the book in my mind . the of the . why would grandma write something like that anyway ? for ? she d never so much as the loch ness monster or abominable growing up and here she was a supposed authority on them . it bizarre to me but then all of this did . had she known about the man too ? what about the beast ? she must have . something splashed in the river and the on my neck stood on end . i my searching up and down the running current scanning every rock and wayward branch . just a fish . hopefully . turned to the only sound coming from the croak of river and eric through the of . maybe i was making a bigger deal about than i to . i closed my and tried the breathing my therapist . then another splash . this one closer . . i strained my vision . even beneath the glow of the full moon the river s dancing were difficult to keep track of . light off of them one moment then the next . small caught my eye but when i d look i d see only dark water staring back at me . was something swimming toward us ? eric another page of the book nonchalantly his expression thoughtful in focus . he t a thing . something felt wrong though . it was the same feeling i d had when i first came upon the man by the river like my mind was up on that i t yet fully . eric i taking a couple on the stone shore . come away from the water . he up perplexed . why ? he his glasses and around holding his hair against the wind . is something here ? i need the light of the clearing to read . just get off the rock man . come over to me . i upward the moon shone pale and ominous through drifting . there s plenty of light over here . i m nearly finished just relax . now man ! groaning he his page and closed the book then slid down the big rock carefully . he himself on the wet as he towards me . . another splash . the day we met the man by the river i said the pain in my wrist fading against the backdrop of my mounting fear . i came back down to the water . what ? eric said bracing himself against the roaring wind . i forgot the book . jake brought us down fishing remember ? i was so excited that i ' d forgotten all about . i left it on the . i was by the river now . something was in there i knew it . when i came back down to get it i saw something in the . like a fish ? eric said finally reaching me . he turned following my gaze to the river though he skeptical . i shook my head . bigger . i think . i don t know . i just the book and ran . another splash this one near the shore . i backed up nearly slipping on the . behind us the pitch black of the and in front of us whatever in the water . you hear that ? i said . eric the book in his pocket . after what i say we don ' t take any . let ' s find somewhere to read . " where though ? the ? we d get lost and there was no question of that . back to the cabin or whatever was left of it ? no point the car was and besides whatever beast had come knocking t sound nearly as reasonable as the man . it was probably still around . no we were resigned to the river . we ' d just need to be careful and stay as far from the shore as we could . good lord said a voice nearby . i my arm flying in front of eric instinctively . you have really worked yourselves up haven t you ? i wheeled around to see a familiar face standing at the height of the river bank a stone in his hand . he hurled it and it landed in the water with a heavy splash . uncle jake ? i . he walking down the bank . slowly with a sway in his step . like he d been drinking . good news ! he shot us a smile but it felt wrong . horrible . his were unfocused and his tongue from his mouth . i just found griff and he can ' t wait to see you . " my brother is a sleepwalker . i live with him in an apartment his room on the opposite wall of mine and once or twice a week i can hear him getting out of bed and stumbling around . some nights he stay in his room he venture out into the apartment . i tried blocking his door with a chair but he simply brute forced it open the chair in the process . since then i him to roam freely not wanting to get a fist in the face for my . he s never done anything dangerous and to mostly just shamble around muttering to himself until he to bed or on the couch in the living room . this behavior up suddenly a month ago and seemingly without cause and when i spoken to him about it he t find it worrying . neither did i until the night he left the apartment and returned with a human head . it was about am when i was by the sound of his door opening the in desperate need of . the only real downside to his sleepwalking is that if i m by it i can t go back to sleep my mind simply won t allow me to knock back out not for a few at least . i him perform the familiar ritual of stumbling around softly bumping into mumbling incoherently and gently touching random throughout the apartment . i had grown so accustomed to this behavior that i no longer to listen for of being broken or him falling or anything of that nature . i my phone and a dating for a while and at some point i m unable to specify my brain did me the favor of me return to sleep . i woke up later in the morning around the time that i usually awake and immediately aware of the absence of a certain ambience within the apartment . typically my brother would emerge from his sleepwalking than i arose from normal sleep and would spend the head start cleaning up any mess he d made in the night . once done he d usually make breakfast as a sort of apology for any mess he might . i d hear the shifting of the sound of sizzling bacon or and would smell the as i dressed and prepared for the day . but this morning i none of that and the only noticeable smell was a sort of sickly sweet one like the into which all the apartment s trash is at the end of the day . i got dressed and left my room . there s a short hallway which from my room and also into my brother s room to the living room which is connected to the kitchen by a small wall . we t exactly the most design people so the few we have upon the and of the apartment are mainly of family and any sentimental or comical we d throughout our . the few which lined the hall hung astray each crooked though none were or otherwise . i thought it was odd my brother t often stumble through the hall so haphazardly it was as if his sleepwalking self special care around the . moving past these i came into the living room where i saw my brother sitting on the couch staring at an object on the coffee table covered by a cloth . glancing to my right i saw the kitchen untouched not a single thing cooking . looking back to my brother i that he t composed himself from the night before he still wore his bedtime clothes his hair t been combed and i at first thought the odd scent i smelled came from him . but he was awake that much was obvious . when he sleep he incessantly and would only sit still if he were to return to restful sleep . i if he was alright and he by waving a hand towards the covered object on the table . i what it was and he just a hollow sound devoid of any actual mirth . i thinking it to be some object he d broken in his but t remember anything in our apartment worth enough to be so clearly distraught over . the most expensive thing we jointly was a game console and that was safely away on a shelf in the entertainment stand nearby . i the table took a breath of anticipation involuntarily not out of theatrics and the cloth . i t have what i saw . a human head sat on the table wide mouth agape an expression of total shock . the head was clearly female the golden blonde hair tightly in a . i d put her age at around twenty and remember thinking that she would been fairly attractive if her face t been with blood and if it of course had been attached to a body . the face ahead level with my on the low table . i to my brother who again darkly at the reveal of the gruesome object . i the cloth to the floor would picked it up again and thrown it on the head but i was so petrified by shock that i just stood there my darting back and forth from my brother to the woman s face . i several then them actually and my brother to each one with a sort of sardonic chuckle never actually any of them . panic set in and my mind immediately went to the obvious conclusion that my brother had in his sleepwalking gone out and some poor woman then brought her head back to the apartment . naturally i was disgusted but that inherent familial desire to protect those that i love me from immediately calling the police . i more trying to ascertain where he had gone if anyone had seen him and who the woman was all but saying that we to know whether or not the murder could be covered up if it could be back to him . he was a bit more forthcoming with this time around and generally that he d up on the couch a bit later than usual and found the head on the table . he had no idea who she was nor if he had left the apartment at some point . this was troubling and not at all reassuring in to whether or not anyone could spotted him the act . the thought that the police could be speeding towards the apartment itching to pull the of their and blast away my brother for his heinous deed it the hell out of me . honestly more than the thought that he was some sort of murderer . while awake he was an averagely nice guy and even while sleepwalking he would often politely apologize if he into an inanimate object . i t imagine him such a grisly act or in that subconscious state while carrying it out . despite the uncertainty regarding his possibly imminent apprehension i tried to assure him that would be alright . this effort pointless however because he t really too worried . despite his inability to provide information about the murder he t seem much by the fact that he d done it . this worried me in a new way the possibility that my brother had become mentally and that this murderous acting out was the beginning of some serial behavior . i around the room then in a moment of clarity turned on the and it to the local news . i watched intently but after half an hour during which my brother t move from his seat on the couch i saw no mention of a missing girl nor of a body found somewhere . while not indicative that he had notice it was at least comforting to know that no active had yet been declared no grisly crime . the initial shock of the sight i quickly covered the head and carried it to the bathroom where i it in the sink . i some cleaning there and went back into the living room where i the spot on the table where the head had sat . my brother watched me do this with an expression that like amusement i this not wanting to have the conversation that might reveal him to be some newly psychotic individual . even so as i about i mostly for my own mental . once the table had been and i the carpet and the tiled entryway and down the kitchen . i t obviously said it aloud but i was and away any evidence of the crime visible or not . i had no on what to do with the head ' t have just thrown it away and had no to efficiently destroy it . also if we were only a few away from police kick in our door i t want to worsen the situation by further the poor woman . the apartment cleaner than it ever had which i in my paranoid state found to be suspicious two living together t have kept such a clean apartment under normal even if it were sparsely decorated . i was about to toss around some and make it look a bit when my brother spoke up for the first time in almost an hour . hey how d your date go last night ? i went over to him and what he meant i t had a date last night . i had worked and gotten off fairly late so i just laid in bed and watched clips on . he then said that late last night around am he had been sleepwalking but i woke him up mid stride telling him that i with a girl on the dating and was going out to meet her . he said he had for waking me but i waved it away saying that my awakening had obviously worked out in my favor . i d apparently left with me a bottle of booze and he d gone to sleep on the couch wanting to wait there for me to make sure i came home safely . i did a few later dropping something on the table as i drunkenly past him something covered with a cloth . he t pay any attention to it at first and went back to sleep . but a strange smell woke him up shortly after which he as coming from the object i d . he the cloth saw the thing and had sat there on the couch in shock for quite some time until i later in the morning . i t want to believe him ' t remember any of what he had admitted . but my hand had autonomously withdrawn my phone from my pocket unlocked it and i the dating . there in my match history was a girl whose appearance that of the head and i saw in our that we had agreed to meet and she d me to bring along alcohol . the last message ended with me saying alright on my way at am . in a panic i unmatched her my match history uninstalled the and all of its logged data from my phone s memory . and still i nothing of the actual date and after dashing away to my room found no evidence of met the girl . no blood clothing no weapon with which i could her head from her body . i ran out to my car and found no evidence there either not even of blood leading up the to our apartment . when i came back inside my brother had his phone to his ear . my heart sank at the sight i was sure that he was turning me in . i for him to end the call forming in my as he spoke to the other person on the other line . when he d finished i exploded with saying that i honestly t remember why i d done it . he somberly and me with a hug . i when they would arrive they being the police and he gently me away saying that he t the police on his own brother . he d our father who i then learned had also around in his sleep around our age . apparently sleepwalking can run in the family and once of its is intoxication . my brother had my father and told him of my crime . i with mounting horror as my brother that he d caught my father under similar when he was a and my father had my brother not to tell me or my mother . my brother had lived with the secret ever loyal to our dad who had otherwise been a kind peaceful man . when my brother sleepwalking he feared he would do something similar but apparently the nocturnal predilection for violence t been to him . this propensity we learned this morning had evidently been on to me . it s been since this dark revelation and i yet to find anything on the news in my area about a recently missing girl headless or otherwise . as you may have i haven t provided any information to our or location . as my father with my brother i ' this tale of my dark secret with you . i don t expect you to keep this to yourselves and i suppose you can see this as a sort of confession albeit one that t sufficient evidence to incriminate me . i don t plan to murder again it s obviously not something i consciously want . but i am a man with needs two of those being sleep and companionship . when those desire combine i don t believe i should be completely responsible for any trouble that just as i t hold my brother responsible for a broken picture or vase . it would seem that while in my somnambulistic state i m fairly competent at covering my . some people inherit a predisposition towards certain i suppose i t be too ashamed of what i . it s not like i to be this way . this story to about ago while i was working at a small fast food chain in my . all the have been . i swept vigorously at the lobby floor as i had intended to leave this forsaken fast food joint prior . however the hungry people of this simple town to have other as here i was just now finishing up more before midnight . but of course i quite leave until i had thoroughly the lobby . i look over to my two who have just wrapped up an order through the drive window and are getting ready to close up their as well . my manager a man of shorter stature in his black to do the for the night . meanwhile brad my other and best friend is doing the in the back . brad out into the kitchen area his with some fishing brand on it . in the three i ' known him i cant remember seeing him without a hat covering his dome . in fact if it ' t for his messy sideburns i ' d have assumed the had no hair at all . " when do you think we are be done here ? " " whenever you get those done bud " not looking up from counting his drawers . brad over to me then at the dirty that had yet to bring to him . " come over here so i can smack you . " i put my in smiling as i did so . the only a subtle intrusion to the music as i finish sweeping and grab the mop bucket which i had luckily prepared . just as i was about to start the stopped and was by a feint noise and it very familiar . it was the intercom . someone was at the drive . i at the clock which read . that meant we were still open for another minute and we had to serve them . i took out my by the of my as to walk over and take the order . " welcome to loco home of the how may i help you ? " through the intercom feigning enthusiasm . however there was no response . impatiently for about ten before piping back in rolling his . " order whenever your ready . " nothing . " i guess they drove off the " before can finish his thought a ear splitting metallic screech through the speaker . i could only describe it as what it would sound like if you put glass in a blender . " son of a " as he off the intercom . " i guess they ' t ready " brad although he unnerved as well . at the clock which now . " well then they can just go home then . " getting back to . i laugh and proceed to begin the floor . however i keep an out just in case . i can ' t deny that sound was strange but i still am more worried about getting my work done so i can go home . after finishing up i call out from the counter and go out the back door . the town at this point is dark with only the to illuminate the way . i approach my truck which i had behind the building near a small forested area which into the nearest neighborhood but stop suddenly when i see some sort of movement from the only barely visible due to the small amount of light cast beyond the building . still on edge from that strange noise i try to inspect what had but to no avail . whatever it was must have slipped into the . but i keep looking for a moment to be sure . just as i am about to just head towards my truck i see it again . some thing moving in the with pale white skin being exposed by a strand of light . by it ' s size it must be a person but something me it ' s not some walking around naked in the for no reason . my are then confirmed as it from the brush . it on all despite a humanoid build . i ' d have to guess if it were to stand up straight it would be well over in height . its skin a smooth texture with feint of grey . however what me the most was likely the reason i am alive . whatever the creature was it anything and the only notable feature i could tell from where i was was a slit where a mouth should have been . i not move this thing could sense me somehow . i watched as it a few towards my truck then to stand on it ' s back and turn its head as if looking . then it tumbling over into the bed of the truck where it ' t be seen . whatever that thing was it was waiting there like it knew that someone would come eventually . if i had left the building later i ' t have seen it and something me i would not be here to write this . i turned quickly and towards the back door of the and banging on it . maybe not the idea as i could hear it stirring behind me but i to look only on calling out someone would open the door . that ' s when i it . the screeching ringing again from behind me . somehow that creature was that sound and my ear were being tormented by it so badly i to lose my balance . i could feel it coming closer and my disorientation increasing . just as i thought it was upon me the door swung open causing me to stumble into the restaurant . i back but saw nothing and the noise had stopped in an instant . i was almost convinced it ' t happen however my still hurt badly . i stayed at brad ' s house that night leaving my truck at the restaurant not wanting to chance the prospect of it still waiting in the bed . of course i ' t mention the creature still not entirely believing that what i had experienced actually . the next day when i picked up my truck there was some rust and deterioration in the bed of my truck that i swore ' t been there before . needless to say i ' t work there much longer . a lost space by definition is any place that out of the passage of time and memory and becomes completely still . nothing inside it . the air is not by any breeze . no of dust float in the of dead light that stream through bare and lie coldly on faded . these are where the sound to fall flat and the silence on the like cotton . feel free to shake your head to clear this but take care not to disturb anything as you do . these false are prone to collapse at the touch . there is the common misconception that a lost space must in fact be a space but from time to time certain long forgotten may attract the same inorganic stillness . these travel vast unnoticed by the that govern the rest of us and slip quietly into our nestle themselves in to be discovered by curious roaming . they may change shape and become something else a parasite feeding on the life of another beloved form . a mug inexplicably itself . an anonymous chopstick and and through the floor which never been at closely by anyone until it is suddenly thrust into view as an unreliable certainty . like their these must be handled carefully . of these unusual an excellent example can be provided . this story comes from a small town in rural and it should be noted that there is an extremely high prevalence of lost along the . why this might be is highly debatable but this author it is because the are where everything goes to die . they are the of the world a natural ending place and so are appropriately . this story however around a small object in the back of an elderly woman ' s kitchen cupboard discovered entirely by accident by her grieving during the post clean out of the home . this object made of solid brass to have no particular purpose and did not strike any sort of familiarity with any of her bewildered offspring . proved fruitless and so the strange mechanism was taken to a local craftsman who it with and a great many which can be in the appendix of this essay . per his description the object is approximately the size of a standard can opener . it is composed of an l shaped handle which is topped with a ball of maple a rotating frame that can be turned counter or clockwise and a hoop shaped track . as one turns the handle the frame via a series of internal and along the lower track . however it is quickly discovered that no matter which direction one turns the frame it at and cannot be further despite significant force in all being applied . there are no internal in which to slip to be ground and likewise there are no for ground material to exit . in fact it to have absolutely no practical use at all . it is an attractive object that been lovingly for seemingly no purpose other than visual appeal . in an attempt to understand this object better the craftsman small to the housing around the internal to get a better look at what is happening inside . he an extremely complex set of far more intricate than such a simple mechanism for . in fact as he carefully them he that almost all of them are redundant . it is as if this object been full of as many moving as possible as a what ? a show of skill ? surely not or else they would be visible . he them out each and and on to the track in which the frame . and it is here he the heart of the object something that will drive everyone involved nearly to madness . the interior of both the frame and track are smooth all around . there are no in place to keep the frame from moving a full . however even when manual force is applied to turn the frame it cannot be past the degree point . believing he discovered the meaning of the object some sort of bizarre parlor trick the craftsman about the puzzle . he the metal and the entire thing nonmagnetic . there are no hidden no stealthy . tapping the object these are solid . no fluid to build up pressure . no to activate with gravity . the object quite simply is impossible . the frame and hoop cannot be in their natural state and fatal damage the craftsman leaves them intact despite the lack of . instead he the object to his friend who in metalworking . however they only confirm the craftsman ' s . they can provide no explanation and with an uncharacteristic haste and gruffness they send the object back with a note attached . " no idea don ' t ask . " and so the object a journey that it in in bubble wrap . it is into made of corn and which are edible if the recipient is so . it is between air filled plastic and hastily into the of postal . it along and is into the of trucks . it is flown in the freezing of and through the hot sun to private post office into which it is by another postal worker who perhaps an unusual aversion to this particular package . it ' s picked up carried upstairs set on the table and unwrapped or unearthed carefully from whatever it been in and it over the life of another person who turns it in their feeling their confidence drain away as they find none of the usual . days or sometimes even later it is and sealed and shipped off once again . until one day it is sent to a young woman in who the box only to find it empty . she a strange sense of relief and the craftsman to inform him of the unfortunate event . the craftsman too a sort of relief and he her it ' s no problem . they up and the craftsman around his shop with a sense of comfort he ' t felt since the wretched thing came into his possession . the original have long since washed their of it and he is grateful to have been relieved of his duty to care for it . he at his work bench and his latest project towards him . late that night he a phone call that him out of a deep sleep . he curtly and is met with a response so loudly that he the receiver away as if it ' s fire . " what the hell is wrong with you ? " the man on the other end . the craftsman the voice as one of the deceased woman ' s . he his ignorance of whatever and the man on the other end him of the horror that . " it ' s back . it ' s in that same cupboard . did you put it there ? " " no " the craftsman and the temperature in the room to plummet . he out in itching . " it ' s right here . i ' m looking at it . how the did it get back here ? what did you do ? " " don ' t touch it " the craftsman frantically . " just leave it alone . " " we ' re on the house tomorrow . i can ' t leave it here . " " don ' t . " the line goes quiet . then the sound of a cupboard door shutting . " don ' t contact me " the man . " same for you . " a click and the line goes dead . the craftsman up and himself there on his back one hand still extended in the act of lowering his phone . for no reason at all he himself petrified of what he might feel there in the dark . what if he were to set the phone down and feel as he retracted his hand the brush of cold brass ? he might just lose his mind then . so he stays there frozen the of his arm screaming until the sun come up and the room is in early orange light . only then does he set the phone down and turn the in his neck to look at the table which is bare except for the thrift store shaded lamp and the book he was reading last night . at his side his arm useless the rubber band tight and but he is grateful for the pain because it is real . here the object out of memory . if it is discovered by the new it their quietly or maybe not at all . either way it is never seen again and those who came into contact with it struggle to keep the of it vivid . their are interrupted with other more intrusive and with time they forget the object entirely . it only in strange to certain a kind of creeping horror at the exposed of or or the bare of ' s . they pass these off but they cannot help but feel that they have forgotten something which is extremely important and which they ought to have chiseled in stone . but the fade quickly and soon they ' on to other leaving the object to fade into lost space . part i was in school one day . nothing really notable it was a day like any other . the were busy and classes were in session . it was a great school . until it . screaming yelling . they ran rampant through the . it was absolute chaos . the t seem to mind though . they just sat there . waiting . listening . observing . i went along with it hell it was fun not lie . it was like freedom like there were no . plus the t seem to mind . then suddenly it stopped . i stopped too . everyone absent almost like quietly back to their classes . i was . what the hell is going on ? i outside . it was dark outside despite the fact that it was in the morning and i had no service . i was trapped . a teacher up to me . she confused and slightly concerned . she it off and down the hallway . hold on a second . what the hell is going on ? ! she at me and stated calmly you may leave now . there is no need for you . what . i was so confused . i t go anywhere . i was at a private school in the middle of nowhere . my house was an hour away my car was at home and i t call anyone to pick me up . where the hell was i supposed to go ? can i at least get my stuff ? no she said sternly we do not need another one she finished as she away . i headed outside . it was completely dark except for a single flickering down the hill . i down . the streets were dark and deserted . the road to go on forever in both . i up . not a star in the sky . i down the side of the road . i for what felt eternity . my were getting sore . eventually i saw a light in the distance . i ran as fast as i could my buckled and i fell . i got up and of my bloody nose . it was the flickering . i was back where i . once i was back inside i into one of the . the like the walking dead . there slightly back agape and rolled back . drool formed in in the of their and onto the . the teacher me and sharply snapped her head in my direction and . the by slowly turning the to stare at me with their cold dead . i awkwardly and backed up slowly . the bell rang . it was as piercing and annoying as ever . to slowly wander out of their and somberly make their way to the cafeteria . i ran . what else was i supposed to do ? the they have something to do with this . i know it . i into the lounge . can someone tell me what the hell is going on ! ! one of the clearly . if you want to know more ask him she her we do not need you . then there was nothing . i awoke in the lobby . were staring a me with an absent minded glare as they around . out the glass there was a thing sitting on the . i if this was him . he was completely dark a silhouette a shadow . he wore glasses with seem to reflect light so you t see his despite the fact that it was completely dark out . i up to him . what are you doing ? observing his voice broken like static . his mouth t move . it was like he from him . he dead inside . like he had seen this happen before . what to you ? i . he never met my gaze instead off at some unseen object . this had definitely before . that was days ago . the afraid of him . they jump at in the . to be frank i m not absolutely sure that they re not him . i see him occasionally . he never eye contact . one thing s for sure he s not human . he in the and a sort of static . it s always dark here and the avoid me . no matter how many times i try to leave i end up back here . so unable to leave i have faded into the . why me ? why t i affected ? if he and he s not human t that mean i m not human . my voice is starting to change a bit and i haven t to eat . i m afraid if this goes on i become more like him . now first first this is clearly my throwaway account . i don ' t need to give the people living near my house a reason to start or to let them know my name . secondly i ' m here for advice on what to do . this ' t me telling some scary story this is a legitimate concern of mine . i ' d like to kindly request that nobody to be a dick and cause . so for the i live in the deep in the of nowhere . basically i ' m isolated . i live in for reference . i live in the middle of absolutely nowhere in the middle of a massive forest . i live between and i live five away from the nearest sign of civilization . i live with my dad but he had to fly to for a business trip . so i ' m home alone right now and i ' been doing the same that i always do . hunting fishing reading gaming the normal for a guy like me . i was out hunting one time and i went further than normal . i had boomer my hunting dog with me . i was hunting for deer so i was sitting still for a solid hour . out of nowhere boomer barking aggressively at what i thought was nothing in particular . i told him to be quiet and kept waiting . he kept growling and slowly walking to my right . i to try to see what he was barking at and i saw a guy in a black hoodie casually walking across the clearing . seeing as i live in the middle of nowhere that was incredibly abnormal . i boomer again and slowly the guy . after about half an hour of following him we at an old concrete building . we were at least three away from my farmhouse and i ' d never been this far out . the guy just casually into the old building . i slowly up to one of the and i inside . inside there were eight standing in a circle around a weird symbol on the floor and covering the . on the floor on the big symbol was a pile of what like deer . i could see something in the corner of the room . it was a figure but it was . . . . it was abnormally tall . i could only see an outline but i could tell that the figure was at least seven tall and its arms were disgustingly long . i could see light off of its and it s were backwards like a duck . one of the hooded people saw me through the window and pointed at me . i a shout and i ' t stay to figure out what was happen . i ran back towards my farmhouse as fast as i could and when i made it back i threw boomer into the truck . as i was leaving my property the deer fell onto my windshield . i have no clue how they fell on top of my car if the weird people were far behind me but i ' t stop to find out . i used the windshield wiper and drove the five to the town found a coffee shop and sat down with my phone to type this . i don ' t know what to do about it i ' m to go back by myself or with just my dad and no are drive five to come fix this . i don ' t know what do to or what any of that was any ? edit i originally posted this on r paranormal and was told it would be better here . since the text above i gotten advice on what to do and i m heading back home right now . there s about left in my drive before i get back home . at the moment the plan is to call the game warden and see what . if anyone advice on what to else to do let me know . i was at my house it is good to see your once in a while . me and my brother were on the road a game of basketball when i movement . i i told my brother do you see that ? he said no but i clearly saw something walking beyond the wall the one by the . i said to my brother come on follow me . he skeptical but he and me . we to the wall which was about away and i saw something i have never was a road not like a recently road but it abandoned . out of all the times i have been back here i never i down the road but it got too dense to see anything . it was bazaar how could someone walk down here ? it was too rocky and rough for anybody to walk in perfect form like the person did . we let it go and we back to the house . i my do you know about the road back there ? he said yes but he said nobody should be down there as it was walled off from all sides accept for on our road . my heart a beat as i we were the only on the road and nobody through our street as it was isolated . we decided just to go investigate tomorrow me and brother got ready to sleep at our place . we would normally go home after a day but me my brother and my grandpa to investigate . we decided to sleep in the basement . i fell asleep fine my brother t making any noise in the other room so i figured he was asleep . i tried to sleep but something told me to go to the window to see if he could see anything . i used an excuse saying i was getting water . i went upstairs and it was dark but from outside i saw a faint glow . i said to myself but we don t have . and that me to the core . all over my body when i saw a massive light source coming from that road . i t identify the glow but it was bazaar . we decided to wake up early and check the place out . why did we do this ? we simply and we got . we to the wall one by one we hopped over the wall . we down the road about a football field s length we hit the dense part . we had a machete and we chopping through the brush we found out why the were there we found a bloody corpse what was bazaar about this was it to be the same person as the person who down the road . he t look normal his face was oddly distorted we thought suicide at first but worst game to worst when we saw a shelter made of sticks there was a powerful light inside we to get out of there we found a murderer s house we ran when we saw a tall man he if we to see his house . we ran so fast i threw up we ran all the way back to our house . we back at our house which was pretty far considering how far we where from the house we were about half a mile down the road . we got home and we set up for if the man found us . we eventually got tired and fell asleep . i woke back up to the sound of glass shattering . he is in we all went to hide . we for about an hour until we no longer him in the house i went upstairs to get water when i was half way up the i saw something bolt by the door at the top . i went back down as quietly as possible and told them he is still here . we it out until morning until we knew he was gone we the to report the incident and they found him in his home in the . i my new job at will airport i say new job but i was really just to a different and working in the same ramp agent position . now i have to tell you that i have a crippling fear of and my least favorite part of being a ramp agent is when i have to climb in the cargo bin on a rear loading plane because it ' s about above the ground . this particular night was a strange mix of a few an uneasy feeling . the first setting condition is it was not just light but pouring rain with a few scattered lightning and random power . every now and then we have dead transported in the cargo this was one of those and tonight was my lucky night apparently because my manager told me i was throwing this plane . " throwing " meaning i was the cargo out of the bin . it was the last plane for the night and ' t very much cargo beside the body my the ramp loader to the plane and raised it up so i can walk up the belt to enter the bin . about four other come over with a baggage tug for the cargo i say to everyone in a than normal tone because the rain was loudly smacking the metal shell of the airplane " i hope are ready i ' m not trying to be in there all night " and said " don ' t worry about it maybe you can make a new friend in there " in reference to the body i ' t think it was funny but i and told him to " shut up " and " let ' s get going " . i into the small and cramped space and sat in the bin as far from this human sized white cardboard box as i could and my phone out of my pocket to select a to listen to while i throw the bin . i find a good one and i start working . the belt at a snails pace and you have to wait until they scan each individual package so i can ' t just throw them as fast as i want to get out of there . about into it i ' m getting closer and closer to this box and my music i ' had that short out when they get wet so in the front of my mind i automatically assume that rain somehow got on and i just to shake a little water out of them but they were bone dry . i check to see if it was a or problem with the and i see i have an unread text . did i get a notification and forgot in the midst of my rap baggage handling ? the way my phone is set up when i get a message it will tell you who it is from but it won ' t display the message you have to access them to read it . the message was from an unknown number which was odd because very few people have my number to begin with . i click the notification to read the message and all it said was " hi " . i send a text back saying " hey who is this ? " my phone displayed that whoever sent the message saw mine immediately after it sent i and no response . i my back up and got back to my job . shortly after a crash of thunder that was so loud the plane shook made me jump at first but i quickly it and returned to work . i the belt was no longer moving i to " what the hell is going on out there ? ? why did it stop ? " . . . " damn thing ran out of gas we ' re going to take this load of cargo to drop off while we get another loader over here sit tight " i think to myself " where else am i going to go ? " about one minute later it got cold like i could see my breath cold i wrote it off as just a cold front and reach over for some luggage to lean on while i wait . as i look over for a bag to grab lighting went across the sky and i saw a quick flash of a little boy maybe old sitting on the white box staring at me with this eerily happy smile and his head turned slightly to the side my heart sunk and i froze never taking my off that box for what felt like . i was by the replacement belt starting up right next to the plane . i to the moving crawling as fast as i could trying to keep my balance and panic at the same time . i hit the ground and at and said " nope " i ' m done you ' re going to have to go in there " i ' t want to explain exactly what i saw but knew something me he me " what ' s wrong who was it " i and away before i could say anything . then i got a new text message notification that i loud and clear this time a response from the unknown sender saying " it ' s your new friend ! " recording one when i was i was down to the office . this every week . not to me but to everybody . the murderer who silently through the night in our quiet peaceful town of mill berry . well it ' t so quiet and peaceful any more . it was filled with pain screaming and loss . as i down the hall i braced myself . who had i lost ? i my echo across the empty . normally they would be filled with ' s laughter but what ' s funny about a killer ? i the office and my principle sat there wrung misty as she spoke " your mother was along with your two younger sister and older brother . i ' m so sorry . " i think she continued to talk but i ' t know . hell i ' t care what she said . i felt like i was under water . everything slowly and i ' t hear anything . i ' t cry . i would not let this get to me i would chase who ever did this until the day i die and i plan to go down fighting . recording twelve it ' s my birthday but as usual my dad is working and i am alone . the have gotten more frequent and there are only twelve people left in my class when we with thirty . the police are the . they say it ' s so the bad guy ' t get out but i know what it ' s really for . they ' re we ' re enough . that if this . . monster this beast ! it ' s food it ' leave everyone else alone . it ' s currently and father still ' t returned home i ' m going to lock the be back in a second . recording thirteen i ' m back and we ' re in the basement . i ' m i can catch this killer ' s voice . i know i am young but i will die before this killer apart another family . i am sitting on the couch watching . it is now dad should be back . i ' m going to take a nap . i ' tell when i wake if i wake . recording fourteen it is now and my dad still ' t home . i am starting to worry . for my nap i went upstairs currently am heading down the . i made it . turning on the news . news broadcaster hello mill berry this is just for you the latest killing was at road and i live in road . oh . . oh . no no no . he can ' t whispering he is outside my class door on the snow . oh no oh my god . he took a step towards me and gasp they are no foot in the snow . it ' s his reflection he ' s behind m static than it off recording fifteen this girl was nothing more then a nibble . you want your safe then give me more and more ways to get into i need to feed more and i don ' t think you want it to be you next . aleuromancy patient record awname test aleuromancy divination by of like everything under the sun is available in monthly subscription even before the quarantine . since the you can literally get almost anything to your door for a nominal fee . what s better is they pick for you based on your . every month you get a surprise package full of assorted from the service you choose . there was an advertisement on a true crime i to a couple back about this new economically friendly company salvation facility . each of their to be economically friendly even wrapping and . and of course a portion of your payment goes towards cleaning our . their ultimate goal was to make the world a better place for our and . for a small one time fee they send you a mystery box with a promise that no two people would receive the same . each box is supposed to be mysteriously to the recipient . something about the way they out the ad me . there were only a handful of for the company on . but i each and every one voraciously making sure to write down their in an old magenta notebook . curiosity at my day and night . finally i just broke down and ordered one for myself . it only took six days to get here but i won t lie and say my anticipation t build with each day leading up to its delivery . i been listening for the doorbell all day . finally i decided to make myself some egg on toast for lunch . i myself to check the mail again after i got done eating . the first egg revealing a perfectly orange yolk . it my mouth water just thinking about what it will taste like when it s done . the second though i crack it open to find a pulpy red mass inside . something went horribly wrong during the chicken or egg process turning me off them completely . i take the bowl and empty it into the trash so i can make my way outside to the mailbox . after opening my door i discover they t bother to ring the bell at all . no matter it s finally here ! the bright green box is perfectly in the middle of my as if delighted to be there . a bold t . s . f . was monogrammed on the card tied to the front in silver ink . i m glad i a little this month i already can t wait to open this . my box to reveal a large planting pot sealed with a speckled sheet of paper that more like cardboard against the of my . a large green x is delicately dotted across the middle . my flush with excitement despite myself . i never seen one like this before ! there s a sheet of paper that no only picture . it like i m supposed to sprinkle a bit of water over the top to break the seal . apparently the little specks around the x are flower . how neat ! my widen as the paper to cave in the middle from the weight of the added water . i wonder what would have to this if the box got on ? carefully i reach two inside the pot yearning to see what it . my hand into a mushy moist mess as an earthy smell the air around it . i pull my away to reveal mud . i d get the only box full of nothing but dirt . however my hand t reach the bottom something stopped me halfway . maybe there is still hope . i tear the rest of the paper away the fall away into the dirt . it ' s then that i notice two small clips on the side to which i gratefully unclasp . the top area of the pot away and five fortune sit at the bottom staring up at me expectantly . albeit messy and overly complicated i m kind of excited to see where this . maybe i find the winning lotto ! i think sardonically . the break of the first a thin sheet of green paper . i instinctively lick my for either green apple or lime flavoring anything but spearmint if i m honest . my curl as i look at the glass in front of me on the coffee table . nothing s worse than the taste of orange juice against . he who is lost the paper in my mouth i m relieved to taste the green apple i ever experienced . my mouth actually just like it does when i take a bite of one . as for the flavoring awesome ! that fortune though . . . well that s not really a fortune now is it ? more like advice really . i hope the rest of them t as rubbish as this one is . a text message onto my phone screen from my supervisor hey did u send over those yet ? i respond ! no i m so sorry . i got wrapped up this weekend . so you haven t ? me . ? in accounting gave the to smith this morning . boss was so he gave him the entire account . me what ? ! ? but that t even his job area . that was my job i was supposed to do those ! well . . did you ? five pass . i can t muster up the courage to tell him the answer we both already know . exactly . sorry . chin up ? the next day after sickeningly a new purchase i had bought prematurely from the money i d get from my i mean s new account i open the next . maybe it can tell me how to fix all off this . quality time will show a relationship in a new light on the next full moon pink rose now this one s just in ill taste . of course people are going to be spending quality time together we re under a damn quarantine . that s like a fortune teller stealing a look at your left hand as she you that you re married . well yeah lady you right at my ring . bestill my heart ! dare i say after all of these i to stumble across something hopeful ? two days later and nothing s i m starting to think i got a dud . i even put on my best lingerie and lance barely up from his phone . he s been of feeling tired lately yet he s always the last one to go to sleep . my discontent me to the bathroom and the door tearing off my sexy clothes once inside . i throw on my robe that every undefeatable stain under the sun and sulk off to the couch . i admit haven t been the best lately this phase t leave me hopeful for the future either . i been wanting to ask him about taking the next step to engagement or marriage can t do that if he won t even me . slip over my lower unexpectedly . nothing and no one is perfect . sometimes are just good enough and that s . everyone and . as long as we stay faithful and together we can work through this . my inner pep talk me the strength to return to the bedroom . there he is adorable and asleep with all his clothes on . as much as i d love to get re offended by this i m just happy to stare at his sleeping face . i should get to bed myself i m never up this late and it s going to bite my ass in the morning . i settle into my side of the bed turning over to spoon the man i love . one arm behind his pillow as the other over to hold him . just before i fall asleep lance s pillow to vibrate . what the ? subtly i reach my farther under the pillow to investigate . i pull my arm out to see i m holding his still vibrating phone . now normally i m not a nosey person but it like this could be important . i open the screen to find at least six text all from a number not listed in his . can t wait to see you baby ? tried calling . you mad at me ? have i done something wrong ? lance . . . you were supposed to be here already . if something came up you could have just told me . whatever it s her t it ? to spend time with you t she ? that sniveling bitch you need to tell her already . do you hear me ? tell her or i will . better yet why don t i just send her the picture ? ugh i m sorry . . you know i love you this just me crazy . every second spent without you is a second of my life wasted . you know she can t give you what i can you said it a dozen times . that s enough for me . eventually i be able to see that i a bullet with not marrying that one i guess . it certainly t feel that way right now though . one new day a new relationship status and a newly empty bed later and i m ready to see what the next will be . your money making will be imperative today orange chuckle disgustedly . well of course my money making are imperative right now i just lost a huge account ! not to mention the sudden loss of half the rent because lance is a walking dick with for brains . the paper on my tongue revealing a delicious mango flavor . at least it s something something more exciting than . no more man who on toilet high on pot . later on that day i manage to save a choking toddler in the clearance aisle at mart . at least no one got hurt this time . maybe these can be used for good as well ? the thought a warmth of reassurance through my body . i get so excited that i ashamedly push my luck opening a second for the day in of positive . the color red is a smart choice pretty interesting advice considering it s printed on a yellow piece of paper . when it comes to flavoring the color yellow can be a blessing banana or a curse lemon most likely the latter . my mind through any and every scenario i can conjure . i m really trying to grasp at every straw and can t see how this could end like the . what if i never wear the color red ? that would settle it . right ? ! ? these don t control my life . i pop the fortune into my mouth defiantly . sweet banana ! well t you know it ? here it is not two later and i to cut a decent sized chunk off the end of my thumb . it even better . not long before that i had put on one of my best low cut tops a bright yellow one . of course the second i cut myself i instinctively the injured hand to my chest . so yeah the color red would indeed have been a smart choice . enough is enough . i try to the salvation facility s contact number and get no . this s too damned important for an . the search engine no . so then i decide to go to the that i originally ordered from and get a error page not found . it s the same thing with the all gone . my mind with as the in my left thumb becomes bearable enough to grant me sleep . thank god there s just one last left . i wake up groggy but determined . even after all the misfortune all the pain this . i m to finish the set . as if somehow only i have the power to end all of this . as i reach for the last i hear the distinctive sound of glass shatter in my living room . in hand i walk out of my bedroom to try to find what broke . a picture dejectedly on the floor in the hallway the glass protecting the memory it laying around it in heartbroken . i turn the picture over in my to see it s of my grandmother and i when i was little . she took me to the county fair that day . it s always been one of my favorite . i was just thinking of gammy this morning . it s really hard to admit how selfish we can be when it comes to family . sometimes more than we d like to admit it really is out of sight out of mind as disgusting as that is to say . i haven t gone to see her much since she was to an elder care facility . don t tell me you or someone you know t guilty of these either . it s human nature to be selfish . i unfold the paper tossing the aside . one last one i tell myself . one last fortune then this can all be over . the paper s a rich purple color almost like a red wine . at first the fortune me like most of the . but i m overcome with a suffocating sense of dread the second i place the paper onto my tongue . a rank metallic taste my mouth . i swab the inside of my to make sure i haven t bitten myself . the copper taste once the paper against the back of my throat . that was the flavor yet . make sure to care for your lest they fall to my phone been ringing for over a half an hour now . the caller id it s gammy s elder care home . each time they call they leave a lengthy that i cannot bring myself to listen to . i refuse to indulge this any longer . if i don t answer the phone then it won t come true . gammy s going to be fine i just know it . i was homeless for four . if you had gone to high school with me you t have it . i was sherry the cheerleader the honor student the runner up for queen . i came from a good family . but addiction t care about those of . no one is exempt . my cut me off refusing to enable me . i t welcome home unless i was willing to go to . i t . i left home with a bag of clothing . let s just say i did that i m not of to support my habit . i tried in but getting a bed t always easy . i found shelter where i could . people are of you when you re homeless . they never stop to think how you are the one who reason to be especially if you re a young girl . taking shelter was really more like from those that could do you harm . i slept under and in unkempt but the worst place i d stayed was the sewer . judge me all you d like but if you ever felt the stinging of icy rain pelting you during a rain storm you might do some you t think you would have either . i would charge my during the day at any place i could . it had long stopped being able to make but the flashlight still worked and that was a god send in the . it was so dark down there . vermin everywhere and i won t even begin talking about the smell . still i felt safe well as safe as i could feel . i set up my make shift bed and i went to sleep . i woke up a few later with the distinct feeling that something was watching me . i my phone and turned on the flashlight . nothing . not even a rat . usually this would make me happy but tonight it just unnerved me . i kept hearing this strange sound . it was similar to someone their tongue . it kept getting which meant that whoever or whatever was making the sound was getting closer . i decided that it was time to get the hell out of there so i up my bag and got to my when the stopped . i my phone and around . there was a figure standing probably forty away from me . to this day i don t know what it was only that it t human . it was about six tall . it was all white really albino looking . its face that of a bat with glowing white sitting in its ugly skull . we just stood like that for a minute until it let out a large shriek and barreled towards me . i and ran as quickly as i could . i threw my bag at the thing trying to slow it down while also keeping anything with extra weight off of me so i could move faster . the only thing i had in my hand was my phone so i could see where i was going . i desperately the bouncing light as i headed for the direction of the metal staircase i had used to climb down here . i had kept the round metal plate that lead to the street askew to make it easier to leave in the morning . still pushing the plate aside would not be easy and this thing was right on me . i made it to the metal and to climb . the metal was slippery from the rain that had continued falling through the opening . i felt a clawed hand grab my ankle cutting deep into the skin . i and tried to kick it off but it was no use . instinctively i the light and it in the face . as soon as the light hit the of the creature it let out a squeal of pain . it can t take the light . i thought to myself . it must have been down here in the dark for who how long . i had found a weakness . i continued to shine the light directly in its . it let go of my ankle and backed up . i towards it phone . i went on the offensive causing it as much pain as possible . suddenly two giant white from the back and shrouded the thing like a cocoon . this was my chance . i the slippery and the metal plate with all my might . i could hear shuffling under me as i got the plate far enough to let me through . i wrenched myself out of that sewer though not before getting another deep cut on my opposite ankle from giant . i got out into the pouring rain and the metal plate back with both . it closed blocking the horrid screeching that would forever haunt my . i on the ground not believing that i was alive . the shock of the night s to hit me and i lost consciousness . the next thing i remember was waking up in the hospital . my were up and i had all over me measuring different bodily . the first thing i did was call my . they rushed over to the hospital and to my bedside . my t stop crying . they were me what had but my only response was that i was ready to go to . needless to say i had hit rock bottom . i been clean now for six . i have a job and am starting school in the fall . the only person i told what to was my sponsor . she had assured me that the had made me see wild . the whole thing must have been in my head after all which is more likely . that a bat monster me in the or that i had a bad trip ? i never the point with her . but if it was just a bad trip where did i get those horrendous on my ? xb part as i woke up groggily i felt as if every bone in my body was broken . it was dark yet from where i was sitting i could see several standing in front of me . as my vision i immediately several of the crouched like the who us . i cursed loudly and tried to stand to my as i felt the coarse ropes burn into my as i tried to struggle to my . i in pain then up at my tied firmly above my head to a wooden pillar . xb clack clack clack i up just in time to catch a glimpse of what was making that noise . i the one standing to me its clawed so that its together that sound we have been hearing over the past few days . the one next to it by the same motion this time in a different sequence . it was then that i that their were not like i originally . attached to each of their were long of bamboo to on every tip of their . almost like a gauntlet of . xb their skin was also covered from head to toe in clay even their exaggerated with the ever so grotesque facial to be coated in a layer of the clay . it was no wonder they blended in so well in the surrounding fog they almost like from a distance . aside from their they wore no clothes and their were bare . turns out the of the so mud men were not after all . xb as night fell i many more mud men appear out of the fog . over the past few i that we were standing at the edge of the river near a small ford in one of the . all around me stood those decorated with the of multiple such as and . also to my slight amusement i the half drone sitting on the of one of the straw as well . it t take long to realize that each of the many had their skeletal turned to face me and the other two wooden . my heart to race as i suddenly that this was no holding center for . the were not here to observe their they were here to attend a ritual . xb i to my left and right lie and also tied to their respective . i then to my horror what exactly the commotion was about as i was by two especially frail looking mud men . from what i could see of them in the dim moonlight they were . one carried a blade the other a man made bowl of a substance that i soon was the very same mud that they covered themselves in . they stripped us of our clothes and covered every area of our body with the viscous sludge . it burned my and the smell of it was worse than anything i have ever smelt in my life . it smelled like a mixture of rotting flesh and and it stung as it to dry over my exposed flesh . xb after waiting for about an hour or so for the mud to dry one of the mud men to slowly clack its clawed bamboo gauntlet in a slow rhythmic fashion . clack clack clack . clack . soon more and more of them to join in almost in perfect unison almost as if it were a nonverbal chant . clack clack clack clack xb the noise to pick up more in pace as two of the of the tribe suddenly to move forward in s direction . she in terror tugging violently against her . even in the pale moonlit i could see her begin to bleed as the skin was torn from the vicious yanking . her horrid as they her position and to cut her . whatever they had for us she was the first . xb get away from her i shout as he suddenly forward from his seated position with surprising speed . he thrust his arm forward upon reaching the two with what to be his trusty swiss army knife and sliced it into the arm of the first figure . the mud man back taking a defensive position with its clawed up at chest length like a boxer . a thin strand of dark blood to seep from a deep gash in its forearm where the blade struck . the second one was unable to react as fast as its counterpart turned just in time to catch the knife upwards right below its bottom jaw into its jugular . xb the thing fell to the ground and like a snake with its head cut off as to grapple with the second one . i watched in horror as the soundless being eventually lie still not even making the noise as the almost black blood drained from its main artery slowly almost syrupy . xb i drew my attention back to who once again the upper hand on the second mud men he knelt with one knee on the chest of the fallen figure suddenly reaching down to grasp it by the head sinking both of his into its eye the thing ' s digging into his trying desperately to pry the enraged man ' s from his face . dark liquid to pool behind the head as its also to slow down just as the other one did before . this one also not a single sound . xb quickly stood to his and over to kissing her on the forehead and holding her face in his . it ' s going to be baby he said his voice shaking from the adrenaline . we are going to make it out of this just his voice was cut short as one of the mud men rushed him from behind and sunk its deep into his back . its pointed bamboo sticking slightly out of the front of ' s chest . xb he let out a small gasp as he me in the in horror then back to . she in agony at the sight of her newlywed husband ' s . the thing then its clawed hand free and the dying man to the side . i watched as the last few my friend ' s . he me straight in the until suddenly the light drained from his and he fell silent . xb the chant as was then dragged by two of the holding her by her arms . she was conscious but it that she to be in a state of shock upon her husband ' s death . she was brought to the center of the shallows edge the on either side of her forcing her to a kneeling position the mud up to her . they then back slowly to the riverbank as the chant to suddenly pick up to a rapid succession until every noise of the jungle was drown out by their noise . then just as quickly as they they all stopped . standing as still as the three lying in front of me . xb i stood and watched ' s trembling form . i around desperately for some sharp object i could use to cut my so that i could save her but there was nothing in reach . suddenly something caught my eye in the foggy river . something in the distance from out of sight in the fog . something large something very large . the still to churn as large to spread out from something rising out of the center of the river its figure towering even the . i don t know if my vision was by the mist or if my mind could simply not comprehend what i was seeing with my own . its long bloated body slowly rose from the muddy . it long and serpent like but the way it and dragged its bulk eerily me of a massive worm . the mud slowly to slide from its body falling from its slimy head in giant . just then two pincer like slowly slid from the front of the giant head its sharp and jagged like the of a crab xb the dark figure slowly in forward to observe the shaking clay covered figure sitting before it . i could hear muffled escape her as she was suddenly shaken out of her haze . suddenly a loud sound from what to be the pincers in a manner similar to the way the mud men . a disturbing thought crossed my mind . was this thing somehow communicating to its human ? the then down to a stop as it slowly to lean forward its jagged pincers closer to my friend ' s position . suddenly the wind picked up as i saw the creature in its full form . i away in horror as i briefly took in what exactly i . its mud covered flesh was slick and smooth almost like an amphibian . it ' s color as dark and grey as the mud covering my very own flesh . every inch of the creature ' s body was covered in pour like spaced only apart like some kind of nightmare . xb i forced my self to look away . the very sight was almost hurt on a physical level to look at even for a few . in the center of its head was an endless pit with jagged teeth lining the sides similar to the pit from " return of the . " in the very center was the source of the . i my shut trying to forget the image as i ' s last as whatever to her took place only several from where i lay . i t even imagine the pain my friend went through and my mind to race as i that i was next . the two who my friend in cold blood and the other to approach me as the rest of the tribe ran forward to the edge of the river . they scooping up slimy of the pale grey clay from which i was now from the . the same substance i now covered every inch of my very own flesh i at the thought . xb i closed my as the one with the blade knelt before me reaching for my tied . this is how it this is how i die . i thought to myself as i the large pincers cutting into my flesh . suddenly i felt a cold liquid splash on my face and bare chest as i what could have been mistaken for a ripe watermelon being with a baseball bat . i my just in time to witness the figure fall to my like a as s bulky figure came into view the stone hammer i for him just days ago . the second mud man rolled expertly to the side as he swung at it aiming right for its torso . the mud man then crouched low like a predator ready to strike when suddenly a third figure came into view . xb ran forward out of the underbrush a charcoal spear right into the mud man ' s back as the mad brit pinned it to the ground while finished it off with one single crack to the skull with his hammer . i felt two reach behind me as steven to vigorously cut into my setting me free . xb a moan then from the center of the lake as of mist to shoot out of the in the creature ' s flesh shrouding it almost instantly in a thick haze as the tribe suddenly broke from their trance staring at us almost as if in surprise . time to go said as he to pull me to me shakily to my as my mind finally switched to fight or flight mode . given the fact that we were severely we decided on the latter . xb i ran as fast as my could carry me . i barely felt the of scratches and sharp digging into my exposed skin as i ran for what felt like almost in complete darkness as the mist so thick i could barely see my in front of me . it took the too practically restrain me to get me to stop so that they could stop to catch their breath . xb where are the ? said breathlessly . gone i said shaking my head as the vivid of and s last came back like a horrible nightmare . they re just gone . i watched as the took in the news and they stood in silent sorrow for a few . and what was that thing said steven i just barely caught sight of it before it . i don t know i said as the image of the thing was already becoming harder and harder to remember almost as if it were only a bad dream . and why the bloody hell are you naked . added as he me a spare set of clothes from his . i almost mistook you for one of them xb after i got dressed and drained an entire water canteen to quench my thirst we continued our way to the of the . our hearts racing as the familiar yet unwelcome sound of then to be in the surrounding foliage around us . then out of nowhere a sharp pain exploded from my right shoulder as i was from behind . the mud man whom i t even hear coming had sunk its clawed bamboo gauntlet into my shoulder then retracted its claw to begin to swipe again . i fell to my back and caught its clawed hand just away from my neck and out to warn the . i could hear them shouting and as they too were after i was . xb i desperately at the tribesman crouched on top of me trying as hard as i could to pry its clawed hand away from me . i could feel the bamboo painfully cutting into me as it slowly to overpower me . the upper hand and all of its body weight behind it left me at a severe disadvantage . i then twisted its with on quick motion while simultaneously rolling to my side as the bamboo dug deep into the muddy ground below me . i then struck it as hard as i could in the side of the masked head right above the temple causing it to split slightly . suddenly me entirely the mud man to clasp its hand over the cracked surface of the mask almost like a diver covering up a leak in his oxygen mask . xb i saw this as an opening and tackled the struggling mud man pinning him to the ground . i under the mask with my and to pry upwards . let ' s see what s under there i said in anger as the dried clay to give way from the man ' s face . to my surprise for the first time since we the savage tribe i what i understood to be a vocal protest . the thing scream did not sound like it was in pain more like a scream of pure terror . if taking the mask off is what was causing the of panic then that was exactly what i was going to do . it was the least i could do for the suffering of my at the of these . xb with one final pull the mask suddenly broke off in a large chunk revealing the face of my attacker . i back as i upon the face of one of my for the first time . i in disgust at the same porous slick ambitious flesh as the giant river beast they . large those of an empty lotus pod covered every inch of flesh on the man ' s face down to his neck . i watched as they expanded and contracted with every breath like of small . there were even in the man ' s . xb the creature lying at my whom i no longer was anything but human lie still breathing rapidly as what to be long hair like slowly to emerge from the in his flesh . the tiny to latch onto the of the man ' s mask the slowly back into place . i had to look away as the sight made me nauseous . i up to the toward my direction their cut and torn from the bamboo of our . xb three other lie on the ground two i by their mud skin as mud men the third by the light brown skin tone of my friend steven . i rushed to his side just to realize he was still alive . he at his blood soaked . its no use he said with pain in his voice . he his to show the gaping wound . my stomach as i caught the glimpse of his exposed in the moonlight . here take this he said straining to reach inside of his shirt pocket . it s the card from the drone i was able to retrieve it after we you . i took it carefully from his bloodstained . show it to the he said weakly as his to droop shut and his head heavy in my arms . the world needs to know what do it for and do it for me xb his voice off as he drew his last breath and slowly went limp in my arms . i felt the pain of regret in my chest as i once again watched one of my die right in front of me . i stood to my slowly the small card in my pocket . from where the drone was positioned it may have the whole ritual . our only proof of everything that to us over the past few days was now in my and it was up to me to make sure the world would know the truth of what . xb i turned just in time to witness plunge his spear straight into the heart of the unmasked mud man . that s for and he said with cold rage in his voice . steven too i added . they both from me and our fallen friend with heavy hearts they won ' t take one more of us i said we can ' t let them . the other two surviving in agreement as we continued through the jungle leaving yet another one of our behind . xb as we continued to run through the foliage i t help but the world t look right . almost as if i had vertigo i movement where there was none . the world gradually to tilt and spin as i to my horror that this t just dehydration . the of those must have been laced with some kind of poison . i at the who also bore wounds from our last fight and they also to stumble their almost fully dilated . xb then to make worse i to notice the familiar sound of in the distance . they found us again . the first party was only there to weaken us now the rest were coming in for the kill . we ran as fast as we could not even paying any attention to our surroundings or what direction we were heading . as long as we could run faster than our . suddenly i was sent tumbling as my bare foot hit a tree branch . as i threw my arms forward to catch myself i the skin on my arms begin to bubble as of small to spread out across my flesh the small feeling around like of of a centipede . i and to desperately scratch at my only to realize my arm although bloodied and was not covered in . xb the poison was causing us to hallucinate . as i got back to my and ran i up into the above me as their move lazily like the of a jellyfish in an ocean current . white to float around in my eyesight always drifting to the of my vision as i tried to look directly at them . suddenly in the distance stood the towering figure of the river monster i saw before looming in the distance among the still to this day i do not know if that was just another hallucination or the giant being was actually watching us run for our in the distance . xb we are not going to be able to outrun them said . the only way we can escape is if we can travel down the river he pointed to the fast moving water only a few away from where we stood . my heart as i to feel dread at the thought of what was inside of that river . soon the rational part of my brain took over as i although it was risky it was the only way we were going to escape . xb and ran up to a small pile of and leaves and to uncover what to be a small wooden canoe of . we found this shortly after you were . i knew these would come in handy said who s voice almost like he was in a drunken stupor . bore the brunt of the wounds from our previous fight so the poison from his wounds must have been affecting him more than myself and . as we the canoe to the bank of the river the grew . to my horror i could once again begin to see several moving through the mist from every direction . xb we t going to make it in time i said to the two of them i need to stay behind . are you mad ? in astonishment . they are going to kill you . i grimly that i was aware that behind was a one way trip . if the two of you travel down the river i should be able to hold them back long enough to give you two enough time to escape . i m not going to let you do that . it s the only way i as i bent down to retrieve our last spear that was lying at a semi conscious s . xb suddenly i was struck from behind sending me falling headlong into the canoe my mind spinning from the fresh blow to the back of the skull . in and the spear out of my . if its anyone who should be behind it ' s me i lost three today and i won ' t lose another . he said sternly . before i could protest he gave the canoe one last shove as the current took us as we to speed down the river . then turned around spear in hand to face the surrounding mist in on him . go on then have at me you tosser he as the mist soon shrouded my view from his last stand . xb i to the side and to cry . i as all the fear all the i had repressed over the past few suddenly hit me like a flood me . it had only been a few days ago where we all sat together in a hostel in new . and of what brought us here on the trail . we for on end about our and our in our . we and and even our . although we all had only spent a few together we as closer than . we were almost a family of . traveling together an odd way of complete together . xb when i finally was able to clam down i that the water to pick up speed . as we to pick up speed i of human begin to reach out of the water toward our boat they us down the river . upstream i the towering figure in the distance slowly pushing itself in our direction . not close enough to be in sight but not far enough to not be a threat . i my shut and shook my head in an attempt to clear the poison nightmare . the beast was gone when i my again . xb just as i turned around i caught a glimpse of a large rock just as the front to the canoe hit it head on causing and me to be from our wooden refuge into the cold water of the river . my head broke the surface as i instinctively turned to face downstream my forward to catch any upcoming in my path just like i was trained by my father to do . i desperately for the raft and but neither of them was in sight . xb just then i spotted the unconscious figure of just a small distance away from me . i and swam as hard as i could in his direction . as i got closer of once again from below the surface and to hold me back from getting to him . i out in anger and tried desperately to pry the hand from my body as i in horror as more of them to appear around and begin to drag him under . please let go of him just let go of him i as little by little more and more of s bulky frame to disappear below the surface just out of reach of my arms . i watched as one final hand over his mouth as he was finally dragged below . xb i and cursed as the once again as the poison to wear off . i then gave up all hope and just let the river take me . the of the rushing water and the sound of the jungled out as my head sank below the surface . rain mud mud trouble trouble pain i the woman s voice in my head as i slowly into unconsciousness . xb the first thing i felt as i awoke was the sun on my skin and the sound of jungle singing their strange yet beautiful . i sat up groggily from where i lay in the back of a wooden wagon being drawn by two large water buffalo . i around me to notice no sign of the jungle mist nor the sound of the rushing river . i almost forgot what it felt like to feel the sun on my face again . xb i was then from my daydream by an elderly farmer who along the side of the cart speaking rapidly in a language i could not understand . i at him confused and put my up as the universal sign of i have no idea what you ' re saying . he then out to a young boy who was a little ways ahead . he ran to the old man s side and they to make a quick exchange in their dialect . the young boy then and me you speak ? i do i said quickly . where am i and where are my the young boy took a moment to process what i then the message to the older man . xb the child said . my grandfather told me you were the only one he found i sat up quickly wincing in pain . there were white like me i said white being what the to as . no the boy repeated just you lying by the river we are you to a hospital . i then gave up and lied on my back painfully my once again . all of my were either missing or dead . i thought to myself as guilt to settle in . i suddenly steven s last to me the world needs to know . i gently into my pocket and the small square card . xb a few later i sat in the small airport in port waiting for my flight to be . the local were able to make a full report based on what i told them and a full on investigation into the missing . the remains of steven and were never discovered and the whereabouts of and were never found . from what the local told me even if they did somehow escape they t have longer than a day or two . the only reason i was that i was picked up and by a local fisherman from the nearby village . xb i spent the better part of my recovery process in the hospital on my that was returned to me from our hotel room everything i could remember that to us over the last few days . and that me to where i am now just about to this story so that the of my would not be forgotten . so when i return home after my layover to i can the video for the world to see so people can realize that there are in this world we can t even begin to understand . that are hidden from the public eye . i know that many who read this story might not believe it from what i can describe in but the proof will be undeniable once i the video . xb unfortunately i don t have the to the video where i am now but i plan on the video as soon as i get off this plane . i am ending this story now as my flight flight just that regardless of the weather being then normal they plan on leaving within the hour . as i conclude this story i leave you with this one final message . xb the world is not as small as we tend to think . there are still and people left untouched by civilization and in the of the ever so shrinking world of mystery that the world used to be . rest assured though the truth always comes out . sometimes it s right away and other times its down the road . but understand the truth always comes out . it s just a matter of time . " it ' s around am in the morning when you hear . they get and until you realize you ' t home . " that ' s what i on the news last week it was from an interview with someone who the serial killer attack . i live in a small town near so it ' s rare we see any intense news like this but recently there have been a lot of missing people and someone even said they found a body although it was never confirmed . however no one to be talking about it so i ' m it here . my name is i ' m and i live alone near the edge of the forest in my town . for privacy let ' s call it mist brew valley . anyway about ago people from my town to go missing . it was around the start of our travel season so i thought maybe they were just going out of town . that was until a week ago when someone was being after surviving an serial killer attack her name was . the news it as an murder by some psychopath but she it like a non human being . said in the interview that she was at home when she tapping on her . thinking she was sleep she tried to go to sleep but then she hearing quiet . they got and until finally she closed her but them somewhere different . she said she was in the when she saw the being . she to get a closer look but she was so she ended up just running and running until she found herself back at town square . i was tense after seeing her interview because not only was i near the forest she while she was in the forest she saw ' s body our neighbor who went missing about ago with the . it ' s been a week since the interview and more people have gone missing . our town ' s population gone from to . people innocent people have gone missing . and of their body ' s have been found . i don ' t know what this is but wait hold on my phone is . i ' be back soon . update it ' s been about an hour . i checked my phone and it was a text from my best friend . she had me an article from our local news . it was about . . no ! it ' t about anything it was a warning ? " townsfolk of mist brew valley please refrain from leaving tonight as there been an extreme weather warning by the government we will update when the situation . " what . . ? an extreme weather warning by the government ? that . . odd somehow . i check but sure enough no news about extreme weather let alone something by the government . something here is very wrong and i don ' t think it ' s the weather . there s only one rule . exit your home and go forward . it so simple just saying it you d hardly think it was a test at all . i never really gave it much thought until one fateful eavesdropping . i was a bread roll into a ball at my s cafeteria as the table next to me about their childish . eighteen . i made it eighteen without stopping ! that to be a local record . but you went around the . well i t going to go through them ! i the little bread ball into my mouth and something obvious from those . it s in the name of the game . you can t just go forward until it s inconvenient for you . it to be truly forward . if there s a wall you climb it . if there s a river you swim across . and if there s a building you really have to open a door and go through . no matter how awkward or dangerous . i d known about this silly game since i was old enough to listen and even it a few times when i was old enough to hear all the but i never once tried to play it the right way . i have to assume there t many that have . a sudden slap to my back made the bread ball fall out of my mouth . my friend kat was struck with inspiration . i m going to play it for real this time bray . no going back . and so she did . there was nothing more to it . kat never backed down from a challenge . even when she really should have . i enough to know but i guess that s how a tough girl good at climbing surviving record breaking and being one manipulative . if she was missing that last trait maybe i d have her out of it . but no going back was her sworn mantra . that was two ago and so much . there were too many that t make any sense and t possibly be true but there s one thing that up . kat went forward . every time she her map location it was on a perfect straight line . before i get into the i m going to share every superstition i ' collected from about the forward test . i want to know if they match up to what any of you might have . if there s something i m missing it could better explain the last message she sent so please let me know . well then . . . no going back . xb pack for as long as you plan to play and only take the test alone . if you bring someone with you they know you re cheating . and you don ' t want to be caught cheating . xb the first twenty you go through will require nothing more than a clever excuse to enter . from that point forward you may need a clever excuse to leave . xb if the building you must enter more than ten always go to the top floor before . you won t want to miss what might be waiting there just for you . xb count your and find a way to measure your . you be glad you did when no longer look the size that you remember them being . xb the farther you go the more people will try to lead you astray . an elderly woman in need of a favor or an old friend who to get coffee may appear . if you re only ten deep it s still safe to leave the path . the test will end there . xb any point after ten do not stray and do not engage with those outside the no matter what incredible or horrible they show you . xb the th building you enter will be blue . if it is any other color turn around and go back immediately . xb once you enter the blue building you are a guest of the home . remove your at the door and bow to all you meet . there will be a feast of all your favorite readily to you . kindly decline all but one offering . do not leave without eating it . if they bring you your as you exit the back door it is safe to leave . xb if at any point on your journey you see the squinting man painted to look like the wall behind him exit the current building or enter the next one as fast as you can without making a sound . if he you he will open his and there is truly no advice for what next . xb if you must set up camp along your path do not stay in any spot for more than six . after this will be reduced to forty . you ' know it ' s time to move on when a certain sound . it ' t need description you ' know it when you hear it . xb in one of the you will open a door to a white hallway that impossibly long . do not enter it . close the door and open it again and the hallway will be shorter . continue doing this until the hallway is no more than ten long . be sure to do this quickly before the hallway . xb if you open the door to the long hallway and see something running toward you at an alarming speed close the door and do not open it again . you have exactly one chance to close it . the thing that will never stop chasing if you open the door even one more time . go back the way you came . do not attempt the test again . xb at either or you will find a broken table holding a rusty old pin . if you choose to accept the pin you must never take it off for more than one hour . if this is you will see good fortune . the journey is now over . return to your home . xb do not continue going forward . nobody ever . they will not allow it . xb these were all the surrounding the test that i could remember . after kat s test her early text all to confirm that those were nothing more than lame from teens . and then she her of trying to sweet talk her way inside people s . stuff like she to make a phone call she was there for an inspection or sometimes she would just make a mad dash for their back door or right over their roof . she even had the on her twice but she to escape both times . in the beginning i was actually excited for new . it like she was a blast and living life exactly as i could always expect from her . wild and carefree . that sweet summer child just t know the meaning of fear . that was until she finding real to feel it . it was about a week after she set out that i getting paragraph . she had made it a hundred or at least she thought she had . according to her nothing here like it s supposed to look so it s hard to tell . she never what she meant by that but instead telling me about all the horrible she at night . and that night stays too long now . and how she wished she ate less than they gave her . and that the t fun . the less and less coherent the more forward she went . some of what she said like the tales we told each other growing up but far more of it was unfamiliar . and so much more disturbing than she could have come up with on her own . i really don t know what to do . the location have stopped but i m still getting . even so this just t like her . i know they re only supposed to be and it s just a silly game but i can t help but worry . and that last superstition i me the most worried of all . you see of all the strange and impossible i got from kat these past couple days the most alarming one said i broke the record . no going back . looking at that button panel in the lift that t lead home i felt a knot form in my stomach . why t and which button was i supposed to press ? where are we going kat ? she had stopped crying but every word was heavy with fear . in truth i t really know the answer to her question . i at the panel taking in every number and it s inclusion of a . we re going to see if there s anyone else around . i . i t like my with whatever might inhabit that floor . if wherever we were was a reverse of the building then number could be nasty so i cautiously pressing the button . mechanics and the large metal clapped shut . i wished that i had been behind the real lift s before it from sight . the lift that we stood in was as identical to the original as possible even the shiver it sent up my spine just being inside it felt the same . i was grateful when it stopped and the to reveal a relatively normal looking corridor reminiscent of the above in the upper building . i would that i d the lift falling and was home if it t for the large black painted next to the metal the lack of any and an obnoxious artificial light that i was sure would give me a migraine if i stood there for too long . i don t know what i hoped would be behind the red wooden door that lead to a vast stretch of . i t suppose that finding in something that the fake lift had was as large as the building would be that simple but perhaps it would provide some . himself was a possibility . i t predict his but i had a strong feeling he t be able to contain his intellectual gloating at the failure of my plan for long . i don t like it here . the small voice broke my stream of . me neither hopefully someone will be home and know how we can get back upstairs . i feebly to smile at my tiny companion but she was a child not an idiot . she saw straight through me . i don t think we should go through that door . to the red wooden door separating us from the windowless . she her firmly to the spot and to move any further . do you have any better ? i genuinely hopeful . i just have a really bad feeling . her t fill me with a sense of comfort or optimism but i saw little choice . i for the handle and at the door . it loudly as it a strong musky smell like something that had been shut away for a long time . i took a tentative step inside alone leaving just behind in the corridor and hello that if anyone was in there that were usually scarce and they may come out . unlike my previous this worked flawlessly and within each of the were slowly opening . i around ten in total as human arms and to emerge from behind them . the were filled with and i use this term loosely people . they t typical none of them were dressed and they had fleshy and sticking out of all the wrong . there were elongated multiple arms and bent completely backwards it me that any of them could walk at all . each one of them like a unique result of intense torture . torture that should them long before they the stage they were at . where i was i that they probably were long ago or they never lived to begin with . one in particular caught my eye . it had a neck at least three long and i t distinguish it s gender at all . it s back was bent in a way that a child might to do the crab and it was balanced on all . instead of two arms and two all four were left arms all facing the same direction . it s neck backwards swinging from side to side a little and struggling to support itself . i sharply as it s head slightly into a steadier position and it locked with me . it . the scream that came from that . . . thing . . . was the single most distressing sound i ever had to listen to . it my soul and i felt every inch of pain and suffering that laced it . my stomach and the shrill pitch into my brain . it left me completely immobile as every other person like creature in the room its head wherever it balanced and in unison with the first . holding my to my i to feel a warm liquid trickling from them but i t take my only protection away to see what it was . i can t even begin to describe the pain that i felt . there are no for a misery that deep . i don t know how but i could feel upon of torment and unimaginable pain that they d gone through . the screaming so overwhelming and all consuming that i to feel myself getting dizzy . there was a violent tug at my shirt forcing me backwards before an almighty hiss vicious enough to cut through the and silence them through the corridor . it took for each and every one of the people to shrivel back into their winding in all . leaving stood there horn gleaming in the artificial light . what were they kat ? i barely the muffled she was making that had the heart . i finally my away from my to see them covered in blood . and wrapped her arms around me nicking me accidentally in the side with a claw . it hurt but i t want to make a fuss in that moment i knew no pain could measure up to what i d felt during my short time amongst the people . i don t know . . . how did you do that ? i could still barely hear the of my own voice it was like i was wearing a hat over my despite nothing of the sort and my hair being into a bun on top of my head . i t do anything i thought they were going to eat us both ! she on the adrenaline . but they all ran away . . i guess i m just extra scary ! she a pride in her voice that only a child could produce . i just down at her and ruffled the blonde hair between her . she was frightening looking sure but she had nothing on those or even the in the lift . i t understand why such ferocious were so of a little girl . why would they run instantly ? it made me uneasy but i the no matter how unusual they were . i just wished that i could be more of a protector for her than it being the other way round . we into the corridor and i was again by the metal of the fake lift . to the other side of them there was an entrance presumably to a if the under tower we were trapped in continued to be a mirror of home . after spending what felt like in a lift the idea of me and i towards the entrance . there were no going upwards back to floor . they only went the odd artificial light not quite covering the bottom of the set we were at the top of . my rung with the sound of the people s . do you think they skip too ? me looking into the abyss with her own impossibly deep black . let s find out . i gripping her hand again as we to walk towards the darkness . we floor quickly in one average flight . i considered exploring the corridor of that on that floor too but herself firmly to the ground again and we t . i t about to argue with her sound still t returned to normal and i d learned from my mistake . i t bare to face anything like the previous floor again . we down another flight of . the we had just were still there leading back up when we the bottom giving me some comfort that as long as we could reach the lift on floor we should at least be able to get back to the cold dim but empty basement . this time the did skip giving some sort of semblance of home . the big black sign was jarring but missing a floor had me to tell myself that these were just an extension of the proper . more jarring was the woman . she right at us at my demon than had everything else . . . and she t run . in fact she t move at all it s as if she were looking straight through us . t panic either she t tell me to get away or hiss at the woman . she just back . her hair was a mousy brown and her beautiful yet average . there was nothing particularly distinct about her except for how much she me of someone else . she was a perfect mirror of her counterpart she had the same vacant yet sad expression that the man on floor always had . i for a moment what her name might be . she him . said . i down at her in confusion . how do you know that ? i not to question who she meant . i don t know i just do . she nonchalantly . i sat on the step next to the standing woman and . this whole place was like a sick joke . there was no sign of or any way out of the labyrinth we we trapped in so far and i t comprehend just how much of an imbecile i d been . between the of never getting out how i d the entire block how hungry the would get and those awful my head felt ready to explode . the incessant ringing was only getting worse . the woman next to me t move a muscle just stood staring into the open space in front of her . i at knowing that she was special and t doubt what she had told me . i could feel for myself that the woman the man . i understood how she felt to lose her love to the building my heart truly for her . we need to keep going . there to be someone here that can talk to us . we need to get you back home to your mum and brother . i spoke to stay . i another forced optimistic smile at and for her to follow me further down the artificially lit . i t sure what i hoped to find or even where i was aiming perhaps floor was my best bet at any sort of . i t get a chance to test that theory . once we the bottom of the flight we were once again faced with the big black . the woman was stood in the same position facing forwards . come on . i and tried to repeat the action . the had always . it t anything unusual . it t until it was . by the sixth time we had the was looking tired and . despite her for the rest of her face displayed fear like any normal child . kat . . it s . we just need to keep trying . i tried to convince myself as much as her . no . . . she t want to be alone . that s why we can t leave . she let go of my hand and extended a long clawed finger in the direction of the woman . she t from her spot and there t a noticeable chance in facial expression or however something about her felt entirely off . hostile even . i understood grief and doing everything possible to keep people close that you should let go . i wish that were what i thought the woman s were i really do . instead it felt more literal than that more like she just really t bare to be alone again at any cost . just keep going . we ran down the again . then up them and down again . three more times and the terror to build each time we in front of the the woman more sinister more malignant . she t looking through us . she was looking straight at us . my hurt kat . . mine did too . do you think . . . you could scare her ? i felt sick even suggesting it but had the best of getting us away from the . shook on the spot but and took a few towards her she got close to the woman s face and out . the woman t move she t blink or flinch at all she just stayed in her spot . nothing at first until she to move . all that was her face as the of her curled into a hollow smile . the comfort i had felt from the familiarity of the woman and the floor number was dead in the water the moment she . had in an instant tugging at my shirt again and shuffling closer . i think the fact that she did nothing else at all made it even more disconcerting . the woman had the upper hand and she t going to let us go . please . i . if there s anything we can do to help you please tell us . i fought my fear doing everything i could to be kind . if she had ever been a person she might somehow pity our plight . i say hello to your man . i don t know his name and he s quiet like you . . . i think he you too . i know he does . i lost someone i love just like you did . i know how you feel . a singular tear rolled down her cheek but the smile stayed in place . my chest as my heart against my rib cage . . . maybe i was getting through to her ? her were and hypnotic as they made contact with mine . it was like her brain was and she t put the back together . her were more expressive than i had ever seen before on any person filled with confusion and sadness . after a few of intimate communication with our the woman more than i had ever seen her or the man move . she cocked her neck to the side and her head in s direction a few after her neck had turned her and she intensely at the child smile on her face and the trail of the tear still visible in the gleaming light . to cry she tried to take a step behind me to use me as some sort of shield . no matter how many she fought she was still a . the woman took a step towards her . it took her a long time to put one foot in front of the other . standing in one position for so long must do a real number on the even for those of a supernatural persuasion . nonetheless her step was an immediate threat i could feel that her were malevolent . the sadness in her had into a disdain and that single step was a declaration of war . me and to back away slowly ourselves to break into a sprint down the . i was prepared to run them in an endless loop forever if it meant keeping that little girl away from the woman . before we could even reach the first step there was a voice . a male voice . that s enough now . i t think you were one to make cry . i turned to the man now standing next to the woman who had returned to her spot by the visibly . he had one hand on her upper arm but he t need it there she t dare disobey him . his kindly and smile that real warmth were beneath a familiar flat cap . i wish i could say it were nice to see you kat but given the i better not . he continued speaking directly to me this time . who s he ? interrupted tugging the same spot on my shirt where the material had begun to stretch . i at her for real for the first time since our nightmare . this is . the next about a week ago . first it was my friend molly and then it was my friend . both simply one day and i haven ' t seen them since . in fact no one but everyone else ' t act like it . i ' m the only one that to have . it ' t an issue at first you understand . when my friend molly ' t come into school the next day i simply thought she was either sick or just off she had a tendency to do that . it was when she to show the next day and then the day after that and the day after that that was when i really to worry . i spoke to several all were adamant that molly had been in class just a few prior but when i them to tell me what she was wearing none of them could remember in fact none of them could remember what she even like . it was off . i thought everyone had gone mad . i spoke to my best friend mike he too was sure that he d seen molly in school after i was sure she d . he t treat me like everyone else did though he assured me that i was under a lot of stress so i was . so in essence he me too but in a nice way . he t appreciate that the stress i was feeling was down to what was going on that my friend was missing and no one me . i was certain something was going on when i molly a few days after her disappearance . i ' t receive a reply until am that night . this number does not exist . please don ' t try to ring or text this number again . there is no molly . i even tried to report it to the police a few times showing them that text but still no one me . according to everyone else around me molly ' t missing and i was the one losing my marbles not them . at the same time though no one could describe her in detail nor could they describe their supposed encounter with her . so yeah it was weird and i was . the following week my friend stopped showing up to classes . it was the same thing . so i decided to visit her house i spoke to her mum and apparently was with her dad . so i went to her and he told me that was with her mum . i was that i was losing my mind some sort of psychotic break . i ' t comprehend what was happening ' t understand the terror that was through my mind my body i stopped sleeping after . so this us to the present . i haven ' t been able to find molly and i with their though and i wish i ' t because i ' been some chilling from both of their even after i d blocked and them . the come through in and always at am . if you know what ' s good for you you ' stop interfering . you ' act like everyone else does . your exist and yet they don ' t . we exist and yet we don ' t . the are all similar in nature all cryptic and strange and frankly they scare the absolute out of me . i don ' t even reply i did at first . i sent frantic demanding to know what to my but after those i soon gave up . i have even to turn my phone off at nights . there have been other unexplainable and terrifying happening to me . i ' been seeing an old man outside my window at nights . he barefoot by the dim street a wooden cane in hand . he at me and wildly for me to come out . i try my best not to look at him but sometimes i can ' t help it and i always know that he is there . i really don ' t know what ' s happening and i ' m . . . all the time now . two days ago my best friend mike ' t show up to class and when i tried to call him there was no dial tone instead i someone breathing heavily down the phone . i ' t try to call him again afterwards . i ' been to his house there is no one there . i the and they told me that the family had gone away for the weekend . i ' t believe them why would i ? their car was still in the driveway all the in their house were on . i to receive now too . all from unknown a few from mike . i try my best not to answer but sometimes the are so relentless through the night that i really have no choice . the would wake me up i ' d answer groggily weary from the constant onslaught of and and the strange thing is is that all i would hear is static by heavy breathing . i think i ' m going to break soon . my are worried about me but they can ' t seem to grasp the fact that it ' s to do with everything that ' s going on . they think i should see a therapist . they haven ' t that mike molly and are gone . i can ' t explain it but i know that i am not insane . a few ago i received a text from my friend mike . hey pal ! i ' m with and molly . we ' re outside your house ! come out . i it and then later i received another . steven don ' t ignore us . we know you ' re there just open the door man . open the door . we have some amazing to show you you won ' t regret it steven . i out of my window and sure enough they were there . all of them and they were by that strange old man . they all suddenly up at me and waving for me to come out . all were smiling wildly . their though oh my god they were glowing . i locked myself in my bathroom . that s where i am now . i was so . my phone was blowing up with and but i was trying my best to ignore them . i could hear a distinct knock on my bedroom window . i don ' t know how they got up there my bedroom was on the third floor of our house . i have another text from mike . steven . you have to let us in i promise everything will be once you do . there are steven beyond comprehension and those have chosen us to be their ! oh steven it ' s so wonderful . i hear a window smash downstairs and then i hear rapidly run up the and suddenly stop outside my bedroom door . another knock my and then i hear a voice . " hey ! it ' s me mike . come open the door . " he cheerfully . i stand at my bathroom door my breathing rapid and my heart is essentially in my mouth . i don ' t say a word and i am as quiet as i can possibly be . then mike again but this time his voice is different somehow . it ' s deep and guttural and it across the house . " we are taking you with us whether you like it or not . don ' t make this hard on yourself . just open the door ! " someone that is not mike . the voice is demonic and it a shiver down my spine . suddenly my bedroom door is open i can hear it flying across the room . i am crying now . i hear a number of walk in slowly shuffling toward my bathroom door . i try to ring my mum she ' t answer . i text her pleading for her help . i try to call the police but all i hear is static . they are knocking on the bathroom door now . whispering to me i can hear them in my head . the are soothing they want me to trust them and i feel myself being drawn to the door being drawn to them . i feel so much calmer now and i really want to see them . i am going to open the door now . " there it is " . said " the tunnel . " i out at it . the reason for our forty minute cart ride was an old dilapidated train tunnel . the railroad that led through it had been undisturbed for and other grew between the and the themselves were rotting away . the tunnel itself ten from . even without the local calling the tunnel i still would have felt uneasy going in . " so what did the call say again ? " and i were for the national forest . considering how many up every year we were basically . i could tell you horror story after horror story about people who almost burned down their sank their canoe or a bear simply because they to admit that they ' t know what they were doing . but every now and then someone would find themselves hopelessly lost . and it was the " job to get them back to safety . " at five this morning a guy ran in to the wide . he said that he and his daughter had been near the tunnel when he suddenly lost track of her . he around himself panicked and ran down the trail screaming for help until he got to . we simply have to find the girl and bring her back . easy . " it was rarely easy . anyone whose done ten " worth of research on in national that not every person who is easily found . if it was then i ' d sleep a little easier at night . we got out of the cart and to get our gear together . along with and i three other were searching the and area around the tunnel . there was a chance that the little girl had decided not to go in there but it had been cloudy and humid all day and the of a rainstorm were slowly climbing . thus so were the that she ' d gone into the tunnel for shelter . if she had then it was clear that she was a tourist . no sane local would go in there alone . twenty ago shortly before the forest was declared a national park the police department had experienced a sudden rush of missing . specifically eight between the of six and thirteen . nearly a year before the truth was discovered . a local construction worker had into the police station wide and breathing heavy and admitted to torturing and murdering all eight of the . he ' d led them to the tunnel them where the were buried and went quietly to prison . when why he as he ' d never been suspected and might have gotten away clean . he with four " they told me to . " he got life in prison . he ' s still alive and in his late or early . i ' he still death in the mail . after the ' s were given proper very strange coming in regarding the tunnel . one woman a math teacher to several of the had been a bouquet of at the mouth of the tunnel when she a small child crying . as she stepped in the crying turned to a blood scream . she stepped out and it stopped . other such came in most of them similar to the first . one man an amateur paranormal investigator had decided to walk the entire length of the tunnel with a video camera . he was found a day later at the mouth of the tunnel in a catatonic state . the camera fine at first glance but the tape had been beyond repair . it like it had been to . i ' d first been told the story when i ' d come to town for college . a few and i had even up to the tunnel . we ' t gone in we ' t even each other to . still there was a pull to it . even if you ' t go in you still to see it . which is probably why we still got of creepy crap happening near or in the tunnel . gave me a friendly slap on the back making me jump . " come on . we have a job to do . " he put on his and took his flashlight from his belt . he always wore even if it ' t that cold out . we turned on our and in . the tunnel is only about a mile long and straight through the mountain which is more like a rocky hill then a mountain . you can actually see the other end of the tunnel from the opening . still it ' s incredibly dark in there and the odd placement of the tunnel that the wind rarely through . other than some moss and there ' t any wildlife in there . even the tunnel . i heavily that she was in there . but i out her name . " ! " my voice off the stone and out of place . i at . he gave me a smile but his him . he was as nervous as i was . we for a minute . what few did blow through had brought in a few dead leaves . they under our boots . as familiar as the sound was i almost wished that they ' t there . the noise off of the and made it sound like there was an army walking through instead of two middle aged men . while i knew i ' t see anything i kept looking over my shoulder to make sure that it was just us two . i was about to suggest that we turn back as she obviously ' t in there when for me to stop . he pointed to the wall and his flashlight there . i copied him to see the girl or some hideous sight . it turned out to be neither . after the police had finished their work in the tunnel the mayor had for a plaque to be made and in the tunnel . in bold it stated the of the and the fact that they ' d been at the spot where the plaque hung . it was covered in twenty " worth of grime but it was still readable . it still sent a shiver down my spine . at that point we were halfway through . the end of the tunnel was becoming and . still it like we were in pitch darkness when went out . " the hell ? " cursed as he blindly the battery compartment to his flashlight . " let ' s just keep going . " i ' t want to spend one more second in that tunnel . i ' t just nervous . i was . there was something about that tunnel something about being in the exact place where those that made me want to run . if i ' d been alone i would ' already been running . must have the panic in my voice because he walking forward again . i . i him to go faster i out of there . i felt a cold hand slip into mine . i it . i always how ' t afraid to show some friendly affection . i ' d seen him hug lost when they were and joke with little to help them relax . i let go of the hand as we got closer to the end then i practically ran out . it had while we were in the tunnel and the daylight made my scream in pain . i ' t care . i closed my and felt the my body . ' t ask me what i was doing . he just stood to the side . it ' t long before my radio crackled to life . it was ranger a member of one of the other . " we ' found the girl . she was over near the lake . " " she ? " " affirmative just a little wet from the rain . start heading back to . " " ten four . " i put my radio back in its holster and told the good news . he relieved . we heading back this time walking around the tunnel . there was no need to hurry our would be over by the time we got back . once our cart was in sight i really to relax . " ? " " yeah ? " " thanks for what you did in the tunnel . " " what ? what do you mean ? " " you know . . . " i was embarrassed to say it but finally just spat it out . " thanks for holding my hand . " stopped dead . i stopped too ready to argue . that ' s when i that was still wearing his . the hand i ' d had been cold and bare . we at each other in pure terror . then broke into a run for our cart . i can finally use my phone i m at a resting spot . it like i can post here i feel like only you will believe me . i send but they don t go through i make but they ring forever and i m sure that if i post here i won t even be able to see what you have to say . i guess i make this my journal or maybe a guideline on how to survive the climbing if any of you are unfortunate enough to end up in this endless nightmare . the last thing i can remember was going to out with my friend he s my best friend . we are a funny duo he s a big tall guy and i m a skinny short dude . we usually just drive around a lot maybe grab some fast food eat in the car and talk . he s a big extrovert so he i get when i m around a lot of people . we are now and we met in i was a and he was the social butterfly who extended a hand . anyways we came back from our night drive and he me off at my apartment . i still live with my so i have my own key and everything . it was late so i was on being quiet entering the apartment we live on the first floor and usually the back door is open so i walk into our to try that first . i just remember looking down at a rock i almost over in the dark night a new moon kind of darkness . then pitch black . i woke up being flung into a river from some sort of vent what was weird was that we were underground ? it almost felt like a sewer system considering all the garbage in the river the of it piled with clay looking rock and gunk but the high ceiling was a mixture of scrap metal and tiny . i t alone in this awakening . there were other being around by the the river was ravenous and left you feeling powerless to escape it . i was in the swim team in high school though and in that panic i just went into perfect form free style to reach the inner bank of the river . the river to always be at a curve the inner back had a slope of gunk that would allow you to climb up it to escape the watery prison . the clay like rock was extremely difficult to get a grip on . it had taken forever to fight the to reach it and now that i finally at the bank seeking purchase the clay slipped through my and i would be back into the . adrenaline kept me going the water was so cold and i could see other trying to accomplish the same thing ahead of me . i finally clawed deep enough into the clay inner bank and had to keep my way up and forward . the wet clay was a hill and once my the metal i no longer had to fight tooth and nail not to lose myself to the slippery fickle clay and slide back down into the river . i took a short rest at the metal random that they were . they were all very old though machinery all piled on top of another like an ancient that led to a smooth ceiling of metal . i can t express how massive the area was the river was huge and wide and there to be no end to it . i below me and saw two new people who had been thrown out into the river they young enough to be and my heart sunk to see their contorted with childish weeping and terror at the situation . it also made me deeply grateful i was finally out i faced back forwards and saw someone around my age just a bit ahead of me . he was tall and lanky but had lean muscle handsome pale as hell like me and friendly enough as i soon his side . we were both looking up at a precarious opening there were only skinny and decrepit large that would help us up through . it was like being at the top of a tree and out which would hold and which would snap and leave you to fall to the ground with a broken arm . i was always a good climber but never could get down because i m very of . as a my friend had to get her dad to help me down some oak i had to jump into his arms and it took me a while to gain the trust to leap . i haven t down now that i m up here with this guy if you re as as as i am you know that s the first rule of being anywhere high up . although i m an introvert i was raised to be very polite and compassionate so i smile at this fellow victim as we are both sweating and out of breath . he back it was weird to be happy in such a up situation but to be close to any kind of rest was filling with wicked relief and hope . he s ahead of me and very close to himself through the opening . because i am short it would be very hard to get to where he is so i test my luck and see if he any heart to help me . hey man can you pull me up once you get up there ? his smile is tense as he for a pipe each choice of leverage was a dangerous gamble on whether it was strong enough to hold . the breath he was holding in as he himself up higher successfully . he down and yeah just give me a second to get through this last bit . he another long reach for a pipe one i could never make with my smaller arms and to pull himself up his next reach would have been the square neat metal opening . but the pipe off to the side the poor guy swung to the side like a vine in the jungle until he slowly down the broken pipe and as he nothing left to hold onto and free down back into the . i feel nauseous with fear my heart in my as i see him hit a gear back first then watch his body bounce off and into the . his body floating face down in the water and blood spreading through his t shirt . i was with fear first . but i guess sheer survival instinct in i was near as i carefully chose and to use to thrust my body forwards and as i finally the point before the square metal escape i realize the stranger before me never had a chance . the were too thin for a man of his size and i that my small stature would be my way to get through . i do it fast so the don t change their mind and my body with delirious excitement and my scramble for a hold at the smooth metal . my foot on a gear and i use it to help myself pull up i curse at myself for being so lazy and never going to the gym . my reach over and i do a sort of army crawl up and through i lay on the metal surface and i get tunnel vision and from over exertion . it had finally hit me my body never used to this sort of stress and i nearly . i think i out for i don t know how long but when i woke up i finally had a chance to look around me . it felt like i was in the belly of some colossal steel factory with gigantic diagonally cutting through the sky high . there were some metal for each level through the factory with then rail less across two sides of the seemingly infinite space . it to be a hellish maze and i saw many people along it s on different like lost up and through looking for an end to their confusion . i write more soon i need to try and sleep now . rest are the only blessing in this sick trap . i hope you all can see this it would make me feel less alone in this scary hell . for a moment i thought i was . i saw my neighbor across the road an old man in his reach into his mailbox only to pull his arm out to reveal his hand suddenly gone the wrist now ending in jagged yellow bone poking from flesh . i watched on from my front window where i had been lazily staring out as i my morning cup of coffee . i often would see my neighbor come out to check his mail then get the newspaper at the end of his driveway as our little weekend morning to coincide . on this however he never did get around to the paper . bill at his nub for a moment . he to study the exposed bone with only a mild interest as if it were nothing more than a pesky paper cut . then he into the mailbox his detached right hand with his still working left and back for his home the dead hand still to a few of mail . i rushed into the kitchen and told my wife what i had just seen . when i said it aloud i just how insane it . but i was adamant about what i saw . up from her bowl of cereal quizzically . his hand fell off ? one corner of her mouth turned upward in a slight smile . yes ! he in the mailbox then out a broken nub . she for a moment then and shook her head . i don t get it . is this why you don t joke around a lot ? you re not very good at it . i m not ! her was with a look of concern . actually you look pale . she stood and felt my forehead . me up and down . are you feeling ? i m fine . i mean . . . i don t know . the world to yaw slightly my head felt light . i sat down . at me while biting her lip something she often did when she was thinking carefully . normally i found it endearing and unbearably cute and just two into our marriage it still made my heart flutter a little when she did that . but at that moment it only me i knew she was considering the possibility that i was going insane . what ? i snapped . nothing it s just . . . she rubbing my . relax a little . i think your might have been on you . you just woke up and you re still half asleep . i mean people s body can t just fall off for no reason like that . i t say anything . here have some breakfast . you can t live off coffee no matter how much you try . i picked at the bowl of cereal she out . out the corner of my eye i could see her me and biting her lip but i it . i kept thinking about bill and his hand . i wish i had been seeing i wish it had been some trick of the eye but it t . i knew what i saw . that was empty space where bill s hand should have been and that was bone sticking out of what like flesh . the next morning i stood staring out my window waiting for bill and his ritualistic mail check . i could not get what i had seen the day before out my mind . i would gone over already if i t think it would concern my wife so much that i might be going . but i to see bill again would he come out with his hand this time ? had i been seeing after all ? or would he come out with a nub ? one question kept on my mind though . one that dreadful to sink through my stomach . why had he been so calm about losing his hand ? i checked my watch . bill would be out any minute . i my weight from foot to foot nervously . bill s next door neighbor was already outside watering his lawn . the s and were a secluded couple both in their early . was a short pudgy man with no neck . on the odd occasion i saw her was a nasty looking woman with a perpetual scowl on her face . they had to get on the bad side of most people on the street . no one had a nice thing to say about them . and i had a not so pleasant run in with them ourselves during our first week in town . the morning after our housewarming party we had found a scathing letter from and slipped under our front door . they said they were us to the and that the next time we threw a party until all of the morning they would call the police . that s the shorter and version of what they said with less . a bit over the top considering our party was relatively tame and over before midnight . bill s door and snapped me out of my . he down his drive toward his mailbox both where you would expect them . i shook my head . it t be . i still had no doubt of what i had seen there s no mistaking something like that . i had to speak to him . i had to out what . i hurried outside to check my own mailbox . as bill over i gave him a wave and he a big smile back . bill and t have been more different to and . had us a whole week of delicious when we first in . we plenty in our she told us as she a stack of full . i know cooking after a long day of moving and settling in is the last thing you will want to do . and bill had me fix up the front garden after the last owner had left them in a state of disrepair . bill had quite the green thumb and thanks to his help we had a great looking garden instead of a total mess . nice morning i said to bill as i crossed the street . sure is glad to see it s warming up after winter went a bit long . i see your are blooming nicely . that they are i said . thanks again for all your help . you me plenty enough . i quickly at his right hand . he was wearing long despite it being a warm . even so i could see a bit of gauze wrapping around his wrist poking from under the sleeve cuff . that alone got my heart racing but it was the hand itself that chilled the blood . it was deathly pale like it t seen sun in if ever . a stark contrast to his other hand tanned and liver spotted . not only that the hand hung limp and unmoving as if it were a prosthetic . not even the twitch of the . you alright pal ? bill . huh ? you look a bit sick all of a sudden . i nervously my throat suddenly dry . yeah just a bit of reflux is all . i tried to laugh but it came off as a nervous chuckle . bill s on me with a suspicious gaze . i suddenly to leave . badly . that pale dead hand hanging at his side really did make me sick . something was terribly wrong with him and his piercing gaze had all my telling me to run . just as i was ready to make an excuse to leave bill over his shoulder at then forward leaning on his mailbox and lowering his voice . look who s trying to eavesdrop he said . had closer to us standing at the border between his lawn and bill s right at the property line . he was facing away from us but it was a thinly veiled attempt to make it seem as if he t trying to listen in . they re always so paranoid that people are talking about them continued . not really . people talk about those who are nasty as they are . did i ever tell you about the cat incident ? i shook my head . well a few before you and in another family lived there . not the same family you bought the house from the one before them . they had a cat an outdoor cat and well you know how they are they have a tendency to all over the place sometimes don t they ? well it this cat had a hankering to in and s garden . now i can with how that can be . cat is rank . but that don t excuse what they did . what ? bill in further lowering his voice more . was still watering that same patch of grass for an oddly long time but i doubt he could hear what was being said . they the cat . it dead one day blood from its little snout . . i saw them in the grocery store that week too and they to have some rat poison in their shopping cart . well i t think anything of it at the time not until that poor cat . . did anyone do anything about it ? bill . what could anyone do ? we can t absolutely prove it was them and the have better to do than chase up a case like that . but everyone knew it was them . he shook his head sadly . those poor were . they their cat . it was a friendly thing too not like some of those insane that swipe at you for no reason . well anyway that family out shortly after the incident . i don t blame them . of course not . that s terrible . sure is . they really are nasty of work . he in even further close enough that i could smell tobacco on his breath and something else even more unpleasant . something like rotting meat . but don t you worry bill said . they get what s coming to them . there was a troubling viciousness in that tone of his . was waiting for me when i got back home . she had her arms folded . she was biting her lip . ben . . . you t go ask bill if his hand fell off did you ? she . no . but he had gauze on his wrist . so ? he might have cut it . awfully coincidental don t you think ? you don t really think his i know what i saw . i m telling you that something strange is going on . she shook her head exasperated . i suppose if the reversed i would be too . it really was an insane conversation we were . i really hope you t losing it . she but it was a strained laugh . she turned away spinning her index finger around her temple . the universal sign for you re cuckoo . but three days later she d have a strange interaction with bill s wife . and we would come to realize something terrible was happening to our friendly across the road . they were rotting away before our very . it was two days later . had come home from work late and in pale as a ghost . when i her what was wrong she could only stammer . i got her to sit down and gave her a glass of water which she took with shaking . i ran into outside she said . i saw her on her veranda when i into our drive . what you had seen the other day into my mind and i was thinking i d go over and ask if everything was . i assumed she would say everything was fine and it would help put your mind at ease . so i went over and . . . and . . . it s . i tried to calm her brushed the hair out of her clammy forehead and it behind her ear . she took a sip of water and it down . and when i got close she had her back to me and i saw she was spreading a line of salt around her house . i was confused so i her what she was doing and she muttering . she said . keep the seeking out . she said it a few times and her voice strange . it was hoarse and gravelly . i if she was but she t answer . so i on her shoulder and she got a fright like she t know i was there and she spun around and . . . and covered her face with her . oh it was awful . it s honey . what ? her eye . it was gone . her eye was actually gone . were crawling around in the empty socket . there was also a big hole in her cheek . i could see her teeth ! and the stench ! she again . i almost when i saw it . i told her she an ambulance but when i got my phone out she my wrist to stop me . did she hurt you ? no but she t exactly gentle . she said she was fine really and i to trust her that everything would be . but she was adamant about me not calling the ambulance . told me it was very important not to . she made me promise that i t and i just to get out of there by that point so i i t . . . . what the hell is going on over there ? i don t know but you were right . it s something very strange . i should go over there and try to find out what the is going on . even though the thought of them in their state made me sick i felt i had to . they had badly now and that sent a streak of anger and frustration through me . my first instinct was to try and protect her to figure out what was happening to fix the situation . but my hand and it . no don t ! what if they re dangerous ? and what if they re not ? what if they re just sick and need help ? then why won t they let me call the ambulance ? i don t know . they re maybe ? in denial ? bit her lip . what if it s contagious ? then it s a bit late for us . we already been exposed . her head . look i m sure we be i said . but i think i should go over there and find out what s happening with them . and maybe try to convince them to call an ambulance . i don t think it s a good idea ben . and it probably t a voice in the back of my head said . something beyond your comprehension is going on here . something you should stay out of . but i it . i to get to the bottom of this to . for our sake for our peace of mind . i can be very convincing you know i said . after all i convinced you to marry me . she gave a short laugh . your really are terrible . she said it with a smile and i was glad to make her feel a bit better if only for a moment . i then free of her grip and against my better and hers went over to the s house . the sun had just set the light was rapidly fading and the house across the road than ever . the were shut the veranda were turned off and even the automatic security light t trigger . the to my right with an electric buzz . screeching dotted against twilight sky their way west . behind the house in the distance a storm . the dark to rise malevolently from behind their home framing it with a sinister backdrop . occasionally the with brilliant of lightning . thunder . the as a cool wind picked up . i as i the front . i . no response . i back at my house . my wife s silhouette watched from our window . i knew she would be biting her lip all the that might unfold running through her head . i gave a quick wave and she gave one back . i again . a strong gust of wind a branch from its tree somewhere i it clatter against the roof . from inside came a groan . a bang as if a chair had been over . shuffling the door . when it a crack the and a dark figure in the small opening . yes ben ? it was bill . his voice was strained and hoarse . his breathing was . the stench hit me at once that of rank sweat and decayed . i almost . bill are you ? me and the wife . . . we re a bit worried about you and . he a dry hacking laugh . a laugh like a man stricken with lung cancer . i in trying to get a better look at him but it was dark and my were still . i know i don t look it he said . but we re we live . please don t worry about us . and now the horrid sight to come into view . i stepped back and the temptation to gasp but my mouth hung open in shock . his face to be melting . his low . a chunk of flesh hung from his chin the bone beneath exposed . his nose was gone . a dark hollow opening in its place . bill . . . we better call an am his hand shot up to cut me off . his were black and rotting away like they were . on his index and middle finger pale bone from the . i appreciate your concern ben but this is something you can t and won t understand fully . we are fine and you are going to have to trust me on this . i have a lot more experience than you young man more than you could possibly imagine . so believe me when i say you better leave it alone . he . something dark and viscous from his throat fell out his mouth and landed on the floor with a plop . he it no mind . don t make us do something we will regret he said . bill . . . what the is going on here ? i to get out . go now he said . you have nothing to worry about . and by tomorrow morning you understand a little better . he shut the door in my face . his warning in my head . you better leave it alone . don t make us do something we will regret . the struck me deep and i . i stood there feeling small and useless . any confidence i had had in him in an instant . i could feel the underlying aggression his in his tone . and though he may look as if he were weak old and somehow like a dead man i felt power there off him like heat . a strange uncanny power that made me want to run and hide and never come out . i may not have understood what was happening but there is one thing i did know i would heed his warning . and i t get a wink of sleep that night . how could we ? we stay together in bed while the rain fell in drenching watching a random show on that i m sure neither of us were really paying attention to . sometime during the night through the sound of heavy rain and thunder i what i thought was a muffled scream . i immediately turned to and the look in her told me she had it too . we got up from bed and nervously made our way to the front window . out we could see the house was no longer pitch black . instead orange candlelight in the . a bolt of lightning right over their house so close the thunder cracked instantly . then came another muffled scream . longer this time . desperate and pained . and they were coming from the house . there were another two in quick succession . but these were no lightning they came from inside the home their lighting up in a brilliant white for of a second . thunder still cracked . then the house went dark the candlelight extinguished . their house stood there under the drenching rain and in the glare of the dark and still . in that instant with the way the dark to peer back with the way the framed the house and out with jagged with the way the front gate had become and swung back and forth in the wind the house evil . what the hell is going on over there ? whispered her voice wavering . i wish i knew . we kept watching for some time but nothing else . the storm to subside . we to our bedroom wondering how this had to us . life had been so normal . our marriage was going great our new home was amazing the neighborhood was mostly friendly and safe . now this had it all . we stayed up the drone in the background too to sleep until eventually the darkness turned to light the last of the rain faded and the to sing their morning . that was when the knock at the door came . we knew it was bill and who else would it be ? and i went to the door together dressed in our our by and our skin the pale complexion of those who had not slept in over . i if bill and would be recognizable by now or if their rot would leave them as little more than living . but what we saw was the complete opposite . shockingly they were vibrant . they healthy . they me and with warm . all their of decay had and not only that they had become younger . and it t just that they younger by virtue of a good night s rest they were younger by a good . they almost like totally different people . we to thank you for being so understanding said . her skin was smoother clearer . her hair had its color and volume . and her eye was back . yes we are very grateful for you not impeding our . . . work bill continued . he had short on and i could see his right hand was normal and moving . he was no longer completely bald though still and like his old skin had become smoother the less numerous and not as deep . we t have let you seen us like . . . like we were said . i suppose we got a bit sloppy t we ? yes it sometimes . every now and again we become a bit complacent . it when you been around as long as us . bill as he finished that last sentence . you two have been so nice to us since you in . a big warm smile . her teeth were natural not the i was used to seeing . you know when you first in we thought you were going to be our . so young and healthy ! my heart froze . in a little closer . ? what were they talking about ? but you were just too nice bill continued . while around here t so nice . her head in the direction of the house . yes bill said and while they might have been the best being older . . . i thought . that word again . it kept in my mind . they were the most deserving ! said . they both heartily . my wife and i t even muster nervous . we were speechless . anyway we must be going now said . as you might imagine you won t be seeing us around . it t be safe for us to stay you see . the will start piling up . and we hope you won t be talking to police about us correct ? or anything you seen there was bill s more aggressive tone again . the one that filled me with dread . and i shook our . good . they said in unison and they both . it was hard to tell if it was a friendly smile or a threatening one . we keep you in our said . we know you two will raise a wonderful family together . and with that they turned and left . we on our couch totally and unsure of what exactly they were talking about . we were speechless for some time . keep the seeking out suddenly whispered . what ? that s what said while she was pouring out the salt that night . turned to me . and they kept talking about just now . i think she meant she to keep other out of the house in case they stole their . to click . and their were the s i said . yes . look at them now they look the same age as and . . . they them t they ? them to stop their . to reverse their aging . and then all of the puzzle to fall into place in my head . their decay turning to sudden age loss . . . their of sacrifice . . . their of and as deserving . . . the eerie candlelight from their home . . . the . . . the two strange of light . . . they had and to take their relative youth so that they could stop their unnatural decay and keep living . and who how many times they had before or how long they had been on this earth or how long they would keep going . like living for . only they whatever they were like the ancient they are . until they . . . i think you re right . she bit her lip and blankly at the shut off for a moment . whoever they are whatever they are they found the secret to eternal life . she me dead in the as serious as ever . and we can never tell anything to the police or they come for us . i . already ahead of you on that one . we never saw bill or again after that morning . later in the day a plain white truck came and strange men piled bill and s into it and drove off . the house was left abandoned . it ' s been two . the s are missing have been since that stormy night of course . have come around us and the if they seen or of them . we of course said no . they us if they knew what to the s or why their house was suddenly empty without them selling or why they had seemingly without a trace . we of course said no . the told us to contact them if we see or hear anything and we told them we would . but of course we lied . my wife is right bill and were nice enough to let us go once but they might not be so kind if we start to the police . even if they don t believe us and who would i don t think it s a good idea . we respect the s . sometimes it to be nice . my name s . i got to say the is a up place but i figure you already know that . i mean what with the and you see floating around where you probably saw someone die . . yeah it s . and even the dark web that s up too supposedly . but that s not what i m going after here . i saw something really up . not your average cup thing but this me i can t even get it out into apparently . a weird algorithm right ? right . sometimes you get that t even something you d watch but there they are sitting there on your taunting you or y know on your waiting . so it was and the boredom train hit me hard . i went to peruse and fall down that black hole of entertainment . a few had and i wound up watching some weird or whatever b roll type stuff . nothing was suiting my fancy really so i through some more on a until i came across a video . i thought it was harmless . it like your run of the mill creepy video made by a year old in their basement . eat . i it . it out fine terrible camera work from an old hand cam . you can hear heavy breathing some dimly lit scene with heavy static and a broken down swing set moving around like it was windy . sure easy trick to do set moving and then quickly film it for effect . i rolled my and kept watching . the rest was not a year old s idea of a horror movie . i don t i don t know what it was but i swear to god that when the clips switched the hair on the back of my neck stood up and a feeling of instant dread washed over me . it felt like i t supposed to be seeing it whatever it was . i saw a hulking figure over a table full of viscera and broken . or what like around the floor . the figure onto a leg with that had to have been a foot long i you not . it the leg down his throat with his jaw . he turned toward the camera and you could see beady little on a white eye staring straight at you . it plucked an eye from a rotting head and ate it on it with broken and uneven teeth . for some reason i t click away . you know that instinct that you something t right and to get the away ? yea well my stupid ass it or was too to do anything about it . honestly i t tell . suffice it to say the rest of the video was just as up and filled with that hulking figure . swear he had to have been at least ft tall and than a door by three . most of his t be seen but there s always his unblinking and tiny black in a sea of white teeth and those damn . at one point about halfway through the video the guy was skinning a person alive and eating their skin . by the time the video was over about after i it i stood staring at my screen with a numb expression . it was i don t know ? like how could allow something like that on their platform ? i t believe i had just watched something like that . when i went to grab my cup i i was shaking and the water sitting there t water any more it like i instantly my cup and fell over out of my chair . i closed the tab and shut my computer off . needless to say the shock of it was starting to wear off and i was starting to feel the unease creeping up around me . it was roughly pm and i figured i to go eat something so i went to go cook . i ate after that and wound up some video before i out around i had work in the morning after all . coming home from work the next day was a mess . i was tired and immediately onto the couch still in my work clothes . apparently i really a nap or something because i slept for a good hour . i got up after not knowing where i was or what year it was and almost falling off of the couch . i saw the figure in the corner of my living room of hair hanging from those teeth and of scalp clinging to them . he at me and i my arms out in front of me to block the sight of him closed and frame shaking in terror . i thought i was and i really wish i was . i had it in my head after my nearly panic ass down that if i found that video again and at the someone would have it a hoax and i could rest easy knowing that it was fake . little did i know that it was impossible to find again . i thought sure the took it down because that was too gory to keep around . i let it slide and continued through my day without any incident until i went to go to bed . staring down into the sink as i brushed my teeth for the night i saw the sink change . instead of seeing water from it out came of meat putrid meat and what like piss or something . i wretched and on the smell . my toothbrush went sailing into the and what was left of my early dinner went in the toilet . looking over afterward the sink returned to normal and i turned the water off . the smell was gone also . well that a week ago . getting worse and by worse i mean more like that and just yesterday i saw that figure again this time hulking in my bedroom corner a face to like a cow grinding grass . i at him to go the away and the thing did he was gone . this past week was hell . i had a hard time sleeping had multiple panic over this and i think i into work for the last half of the week . good thing for sick days right ? yesterday i decided to get to the bottom of this . the like i said is full of up and i figured that i might be able to find someone who s seen the video or had similar . t helping much although it did lead me to some weird forum that like it was made in . it was full of from people of your stereotypical ghost type stuff and it almost me until i found a post from someone who was like me . i thought this thread was going to solve all of my but it just up more and left me unsettled . from what i read this video eat . was something you t just look up . it on your feed at random and it s the same no matter who s watched it . i don t know how it i m not a tech guru or whatever but it after watching it and you never see it again . that s all i was able to get from the . that and everyone who s watched it about seeing this guy around their but never in public . some guy about seeing him in a gas station bathroom but he was tripping out at the time too . someone far down in the sent a link to a about this damn video . it was a link dressed up like a bad except a little more processional . any information people have found about this thing been posted there . whoever s got all this together the guy the eat man yeah i know real creative . i spent the entire night going down this research rabbit hole apparently and it s now am on morning and i don t know what to do . no one s found any information on how this all or what to do but i m starting to get a little desperate . i sent an to the guy the and told him what was going on . i haven t gotten a response yet but y know he s probably still sleeping or whatever i don t know . yeah this is pretty right ? you probably think i sound way too calm for any of this but honestly i don t know how i should feel except and i don t know what to do . that s what this post is about . i figured that someone somewhere could help me out and stop this i keep seeing . i just i just need some help . please and or not do not watch that video if you find it . i have a feeling my are only just starting cause i can feel eat man breathing behind me . i was never a light sleeper i even have a hard time hearing my alarm sound in the morning . so when the sound of the rain woke me up in the middle of the night i was pretty . i just lay there listening the sound of the my window . tap tap was kind of comforting in a way . but no matter how hard i tried i t hear the sound of the rain . i mean sure there were my window but there t the usual sound of the rain . i brushed it off and tried to go back to sleep but i t . it was a long day and i was really tired but i just t sleep . there was something wrong with the rain . the tapping sound was too regular to be normal . tap tap at the clock . it was a . m . and i really to sleep as i was going to wake up early . the tapping sound went on for . at some point i fell asleep but i don t remember when . when i woke up i immediately my and outside the window . living on the th floor really an advantage of view . i all around but as good as i could see there was no sign of rain . the ground too dry as if it t rain for and there was no after rain smell even though it all night . i t think much on it it was a warm day maybe the ground dried up quickly ? i went on my day as usual . there was nothing out of ordinary . it was p . m . when i was getting ready to sleep . the sky was clear all day and i was sure it t rain tonight . i mean i don t have a problem with rain but there was something wrong with it last night but i just t put my finger on it . i brushed my teeth and went to bed after i made sure my were closed . i spent some time on before my to close . i at the clock it was p . m now . i put my phone on the next to my bed and got in a comfortable position to sleep . as i was falling asleep the rain again . now it was starting to get weird . the sky was clear there t even a single cloud how in the world it could rain ? tap tap around . my room was than usual . there was no moonlight something was blocking it . i thought that maybe were starting to gather up and t think much on it again . there was no point in thinking much about like this . it was just a typical rain . i t hear the sound of the rain except the my window again but sure it was a typical rain . i fell asleep much more quickly than yesterday . and when i woke up the first thing i did was looking out of the window . the ground is dry again . there is no smell . i was starting to get worried . as i was my something my eye . something so small that i t see unless i was careful enough but something so grave that i to get out of here right now . there was a crack on my window which t here two days ago . as if something sharp was regularly on the same spot . how t i notice that the tapping sound was always coming from the same spot ? what if i t notice it before it was too late ? it t rain for . something was tapping on my window trying to get my attention . whatever it is it can t be good . i live on the th floor . last night i pool at my house . he gave me a key to her basement so that i could go play pool i want . it been already . i thought i would be or at least get tired from doing the same thing over and over again . pool by yourself can get a bit on your . there is a weight set in the basement too but it ' s in another little room to the side so in between i do some and to help tire me out in there . so far i have already lost about i would guess . my pool gave gone to because i cant even think straight at this point and everything . during my last set i the pool being up though . i figured it was either my friend or his family . so i finished my set and some walking on the . going back to the pool table i see it ' s all up but no one is there . there is another cue off the rack though so i figured someone to play . keep in mind it ' t occur to me how late it is it ' s all the same after a few days of almost no sleep . everyone should be asleep and if it was my roommate he would have through the workout room not from upstairs . so i break the rack and wait for a few thinking someone is going to come back and play a game with me . after about i decide i better just play it out . it me to finish and i went back to the work out room . almost immediately i hear the being again . i ' m really confused though because i ' t hear them walk down the . i walk back in and hear running upstairs and giggling . the were out of the and the triangle was on the table but that was it . i decide to play a game of ball and rack it up . i break miss and go back to finish my set off in the other room . as soon as i get the in my hand i hear another crack someone had taken another shot . i put the down and go back in and no one is there . i shout softly up the that i am down to play a few and ' t mean to be to hog it all day . i ' t get a response and just it off . maybe it was my sister a game or something i mean who else would giggle like that ? i play the rest of the game and hop on my phone just then realizing how late it was . i decided i better close my for a few on the couch but about later i hear another crack . its loud and me to my . i hear and more foots on the but there was no way someone got past me . i look at the table and another game had been . i decide it was time to go . i hop in my car and head home about down the road . i ' m thinking that it ' s just the lack if sleep right ? i ' m just tired . i put on the radio and relax . i end up into my drive way and my for a second before i had to go in . almost as soon as i do i hear a very loud crack . now i scream this time i thought someone had run into my car but as i open my i i am still at my house laying down on the couch . i ' m confused and and see a new game had been . i stand up and try and get of myself . i hear upstairs and the door open . i yell that whoever it is needs to leave me the hell alone and not to come any closer . the foot stop and i hear my say " wait is that you ? what ' s going on down there i someone yell ? " i ' t know what to do . i just told the woman to leave me the hell alone in her own house . i round the corner of the to apologize and hear a loud crack behind me again . i spin around and slipped then hear " are you ! " above me . its hard to open my but when i do i am laying next to my car on the ground . i just got in and . the thing is i have to go back over there tomorrow to work on her yard and play some pool with my roommate . i ' m and dont know if i can go back though . what if i wake up again over there ? what if i never left ? i ' m so sleepy . anyone have any ? so with the way they are my post residency program got slashed and it be practically next year before i can keep working my way towards being a fully . in the i back in with my for the pandemic but i can t tell you how much i already regret it . what i found is making me rethink everything xb by the time i was old enough to remember my was a well emergency medicine physician in her field but it never her any of the that normally came with seniority . she worked long days and nights more days of the week than not and when she was actually around the house she was buried in a mountain of . i can barely imagine her presence in my childhood without thinking about the painstaking way she would fill out her . first she d make the to take back to the hospital and place these in a neat face down pile usually in a lid . then she d handwrite a copy of each chart for her own she d place these face up to keep them . finally if the patient was interesting enough she d write a few in her ledger a bound notebook that she always kept on the desk in her study and to constantly . xb a good doctor pristine she d say and there is always more to learn ! xb i always to be just like her but now xb so i was and i don t respect people s privacy like i should . sue me ! it s been three since i back in and even though my s cut down on these days it s still mostly been me just living here and watching alone . now that i actually spent some time working with medical personnel other than my mother it to me the other day just how anal she actually is about record keeping . most hardly give a or make someone else do their . so with nothing else to do i thought i d go into the study and compare her style to what i d learned . i sat down in her big leather chair finally tall enough for my not to dangle off the edge and pried open the notebook . immediately my heart a beat . the most recent entry was just a name and a dosage but the dosage was easily lethal . i panicked for a second but then i what the error must have been and through the to hospital pile until i found the chart . clear as day she d just made a decimal error when she copied it over . i won t say what the drug was but the dosage listed on the chart was pretty typical . ten times that not so much . as i to reorder the pile to cover my the face up pile caught my eye . it had the lethal dosage marked neatly in the box ! before i had a chance to process any of this i the garage door opening and threw everything back together just in time to step out and meet her at the door . if my anything off she did a good job of it . xb the next day yesterday she was set to go out to lunch with her . as soon as i the door click behind her i leapt into action . i tore through her personal as far back as i could manage . to my growing horror as many as one in twenty were as been given an insanely high dosage of something or other usually but other too ! even worse the i was able to confirm as i went that almost all of these had soon after the listed on the ! after i d gone through about three worth of it finally to me to look back to the ledger . maybe you already caught on but i t . the ledger t a record of interesting for my to learn from or study it was a chronological list of every patient that had been given a lethal dose paired with the drug that had been used . xb i must have been distracted no completely because i t hear her come back in for her wallet . as she the open study door she in conspiratorially and said our little secret right ? and at me before slipping back out the front door . xb she came back home a few later and neither of us spoke a word about it . i can t comprehend what i m seeing here . if she s actually been killing all of these it should be incredibly noticeable . a doctor who almost five percent of their ? it t even like the manners of death should have been subtle any coroner worth their salt should be able to turn over an autopsy report like literally any of these in their sleep . how far could this go up ? xb and this could be the worst part of all when i was six my father very suddenly in the hospital . he d been admitted for some stupid viral thing and suddenly some kind of critical arterial blockage . the autopsy out foul play . xb what do i do ? when i woke up the only thing i could remember was the . they were round and shiny like a pair of black marbles . watchful . intelligent . i t remember the creature they were on but the in my mind an afterimage in the morning light filtering through my . i blinked groggily rolled over and picked up my phone from the . when i brought it up to my face the screen had shiny black . the screen had shiny black . i and the phone . it against my nose and off the bed onto the floor . i got up from my bed picked up the phone and squinted at the screen . the were gone . thinking they had been a product of my half asleep imagination i my glasses and put them on . the were on the carpet . the gray synthetic fuzz where i had my phone had warped into little almond shaped and the shiny black were blinking up at me . i and almost fell backwards onto my bed and when i caught my balance and stood back up the were gone . no not gone . they had . it like they were or trying to . their gray fuzz were closed but i could see the carpet slightly where they were a few away from where they had been a second prior . i a and up to see scrap lazily pad into my room his tail . i back down at the carpet and the had again . a few more toward the door . i to crouch down but before i could get a better look scrap ran across the carpet and pounced onto the . scrap wait the cat balled up on the floor and clawed at the carpet like he would claw at the little red light of the laser pointer . then all of a sudden he froze . the orange fur on the back of his neck and a pair of up . i . scrap and from the room . the on the carpet were gone . not knowing what else to do i ran after my cat down the hallway and into the kitchen . my roommate jenny ever the early bird was standing in the kitchen slicing potatoes and of butter . scrap ran and behind her . i thought i something jenny said . you ? did scrap scratch you ? i down at scrap who was rubbing his side up and down jenny s . this is going to sound stupid i but take a look at that cat and tell me if you see an extra pair of on the back of his neck . jenny . she down at scrap him with her foot to make him turn around picked him up to show me that he in fact t have any extra . i in half relief and half embarrassment . but then i up at jenny and her forehead had the . i again . jenny . what what ? the i cried . you got the ! the ? the i pointed frantically at her forehead . jenny at me strangely and raised her hand to her brow . the closed their made of skin . jenny s over their but she just slightly . is this a prank ? can t you feel them ? the ? for s sake what ? the of my face ? yes ! no ! i starting to grow desperate . the extra little on your forehead jenny . please go look in a mirror and tell me you see them . jenny wrinkled her brow the shiny black bobbing on her skin and a soup ladle from the dish rack . she the stainless steel bowl to her face and i at her warped reflection . the were still there . they to peer back at me . if they could smile i feel like they would have . but jenny s frown only . there are no extra iris . you can drop it and help me cook now . it s not a prank ! do you actually not see them ? either it s a prank or you re seeing she said going back to her potatoes . no i swear i had this dream last night and it was these i out my hand to touch the . their slid closed just before my connected and i felt the of soft warm skin over the just a little bit damp to the touch . jenny my hand away with her free hand at the same time as i from disgust . i said drop it she . you got on your forehead jenny ! i cried disbelief and desperation giving way to panic . can t you feel them ? no . now please get me the baking dish . i swear i saw these same in a dream last night . these these freaky alien . they got on my phone and then on my carpet and then on the cat stop jenny snapped . just because you re still half asleep and you had a dream about some weird black she brought the knife down loudly on the cutting board to punctuate each syllable . maybe that was what made me freeze . double back . who said anything about the being black ? it was jenny s turn to freeze and her face went slack . her straight ahead . but the shiny black the that me out of my dream they and twisted to stare at me . when they spoke they used jenny s voice . whoops . jenny spun her kitchen knife in her hand her latching around the hilt in a reverse grip . she swung it up to my face and i barely to duck out of the way the tip of the blade grazing my cheek . i turned around and ran . jenny ran after me . i dashed down the hallway threw open the door to the and up the the of the kitchen knife nipping at my . as i took the three at a time i that the blade t find my and that the creature possessing my roommate t overcome what a giant plate of potatoes every breakfast to do to a girl s physique . sure enough the clamor of behind me bit by bit . i nonstop until i got to the roof and without even a glance behind me i ran across the roof and swung myself onto the fire escape ladder . i half half fell my way down onto the ground and halfway down the block . only after that did i dare to look back . i t see jenny . t even sure of where i had shaken her . breathing hard with my heart pounding in my chest i briskly down the street past the morning who quizzically at the girl bleeding in her . at the end of the block i out my phone . something was wrong with it its screen and it grew uncomfortably warm as i but i to tell a dispatcher that my roommate had me with a kitchen knife . two or so more later i saw a small squadron of police rush past me and up the street . when they got to my apartment jenny was gone . i t feel safe coming home even with the police scouring the neighborhood so i picked up scrap as quickly as i could and got us a room at the only pet friendly hotel i could find in the vicinity . then i spent the evening calling the search squad and trying to feed my cat . something s wrong with him now i m pretty sure . just like how my phone weird after the through it . he can t walk in a straight line and he s never made like these before . i can ' t even tell if he ' s in pain . he just a bit bewildered . it s now been one full day since the incident . i thought i would have down a bit by now but honestly the dread feeling in my gut grown worse . not just because they still haven t found jenny but because i had a dream last night . when i woke up the only thing i could remember was the . gnarled and gray and cracked at the they crept and split and at loose in the air . and when the morning came and i sat up in my bed i swear i felt something very un cat like under my ' s alive . her chestnut slowly to the sparkling dust that rhythmically over her in the streak of sunshine that through the . the spread out on the pillow made her neck itchy . trapped and trying to escape from underneath her . she t warm she was an iceberg trapped in warm water . the sun beamed at her . act she thought and sardonic glee reflecting through the glass that faced her . her red as she at her reflection in the mirror . her with sparkling gold dust . the had stopped for the time being . a smiling face her teeth yellow with stress and . she can feel her scarlet mouth widen of its own accord but her reflect nothing . the world is a blur of and disguised to her . she the teeth make small talk something she . but then she people around her as well . they were bound by the need to bring down the and the wise . she silently . the behind her had spoken up sounding conspiratorial . in s head the devil with glee . she back against the chair her delicate straight and firm . she to listen to it again and again . my man she thought . it was meant to be . she at the screen . her face nothing as the envious at her . ah . it had begun . there was witchcraft in the way she in her that the absolute truth . she would unknowingly tempt the inner darkness within you . she would somehow bind your attention towards her . she was untouchable and she to revel in it . the man in question his name was . the were starting to get loud . she tried to control the shiver of anticipation that to make its way through her skin . it was going exactly the way she had it to . " was a good man . he t deserve to die this way . he would do more than his share of charity . he would teach the piano in his spare time never smoked . i mean i think it was that argument with his wife that did it . " " maybe his wife what was her name ? eve ? maybe she decided to kill him because he was too faithful a husband . she s terrifying i remember i met her at s the other day . but do you think it was true ? . it s her t it ? it s all her fault . have you seen how red she her now ? " her were like bleeding swollen pierced by . she blinked enticingly . she wore silver in all her and her like the ocean lapping up the shore as she into the computer screen . her on peak she arched her back and she knew the were on her . she her smile menacing yet innocent . the averted . her had freed her . she no longer feared anything . it in summer . he t devilishly handsome . he was a tall lean man with kind . but when she d into those deep within lay a pool of darkness so profound she d felt like she d into s inferno . she could still feel the leather digging into the delicate untouched skin on her . that were a stark reminder of who she was before and disgust deep in her gut . it ' s all her fault . it was a work gathering and the master would present the sheep with an award . she was one of those sheep of losing the wool off her back so her master could make near the fireplace in his mansion . she was the master s special sheep of the month and he d seen potential . the master s mark of perfectly teeth her back . an tattoo disguised the the mark would raise . the mark and the tattoo was his art while she was his canvas . the he had used on her were enough to paint her scarlet . a philanthropist and an employee at the same place at the same time it was a question with no answer . the scalding touch of the that had at the torn of her clothes and her used to give her of endless agony that she always suppressed . " he t have had an affair i mean have you at him ? i m sure he was by she and her damned red . i feel bad for his wife it s already bad that the vile woman stole her husband but eve lost him forever too . " " there was so much blood that it me tremble at how much evil yes evil there is in the world . i knew the moment i first saw her that she was indifferent towards everyone and everything . no empathy no love . he her so she him . he was bound with leather his clothes were torn . me and the found him the smell was too overbearing . we never thought thought that it would be him . " she was indeed his star performer t that what he had whispered to her as the needle of the tattoo machine came close ? her had at the blurry of his face during the plenty which he had bought and handed to her eloquently . she d up with her voice screaming in her head . his smile was the first thing she saw after she woke up . the loud music upstairs out her her just a plea . she d stopped as the on her pale . she was dead and he s the leather for her to drag herself back to her grave of a home . the the and the twisting and would eventually turn to dust nobody knew why and who him . it was the smell of death in the office that had given him away . a secret basement and a corpse in blood tortured and alone . his legacy had been his tomb . his him making him his last work of art . she d been upstairs a year later dancing with abandon while the in embarrassment and reverence . she d been the temptress a hollow shell of a woman and now she d decided to be the witch . yet nobody had enough courage to burn her at that stake . the tattoo from under the white lace that her figure . " it was all her fault . " " it could have made all the difference . " " it s a classic case of the temptress and the a woman scorned . " after his death she d come back from the dead to find a letter stuck under her door . she d at it the of that night in the basement ringing through the silence . it was an invitation for tea loopy handwriting that made her nervous . now after of staring at the pale paper she was here . eve it said . love eve . a tall attractive woman the door . love eve . i know what he did . come for tea . the that now she could picture the pale woman with dark hair say her a deep black of nothing yet everything . she stood there inviting her in with a solemn yet terrifyingly beautiful face . as she turned to lead the way at eve and she knew . an tattoo eve s back looking as black as eve s . love ' m literally trembling right now it ' s hard to type . my wife is out of town tonight she ' s in another state with her family helping her after losing her job with everything going on . so i ' m home alone tonight . i got ready to go to bed plugged in my phone laid down and through social media before bed . the were all out it was pretty dark in my room and i was laying on the right side of our queen bed facing the small space where my is before a wall . i was starting to get tired enough to turn off my phone and go to bed when out of the corner of my eye something . i immediately alert and my head off the pillow to look across the room . nothing ' s moving . but i swear to god that the door was a tiny bit more open than it had been before . it ' t all the way shut to begin with . it only had a few of space before but when i it was at least a foot wide gap . i sat there staring into the dark until my to fade black from just staring for so long . there ' t any sound in the room . all i could hear was the occasional car passing by outside . paranoid i laid back down and went back to since i was already wide awake . not thirty later i felt my phone tug in my hand . i lift it up and realize that the cable is dragging it down like the cable was caught on something . my heart practically exploded with fear and i gave the cord a little jerk . by the light of my screen i could see that my cord ' t touching anything . it just had a sudden . . . weight to it . i unplugged my phone and to roll toward the middle of the bed and that ' s when i felt something wrap around my wrist the one holding the phone . it ' t a tight grip it was just enough to feel like i had an extra couple of tied to my wrist my . i shaking my hand and in a high voice like i was trying to swat a bee that ' s flying at my face . i ' t think i could only panic at whatever was attached to my wrist . in the dark i swear i could see the outline of something on my forearm reaching up from the side of the bed before latching onto my wrist . with my other hand i hit the lamp on my . the light came on and the feeling on my wrist went away immediately . i to the middle of the bed and over to my wife ' s side of the bed to turn on her lamp as well . now i ' m sitting here with my back against the headrest of our bed shivering with my arms wrapped tight around my . i ' got all the up around me so nothing can crawl onto the bed under the unnoticed . i don ' t normally freak myself out like this but i ' m right now . it to be nothing but i ' m paranoid as hell . my whole body is shaking from the adrenaline . i ' m debating making a run for the door and leaving the house . yeah that like a solid plan . i ' sleep in my car far away from here . i don ' t know what else to do . update i rushed out of the house without incident . drove off and to sleep . thank god . part part it ' s been since my last post and i ' m sorry for leaving you hanging but i had very very urgent that my immediate attention . in a series of i ' fill you all in on what but it ' s take some time to achieve that . for now i ' give you this update and i ' tell you as much as i can right now . after posting my last update i was elated to have gotten what i know out there . the night that the last update went up i slept like a baby . i was so so tired if an earthquake i would ' likely slept right through it . my brain was so fried from all of the excitement and intensity that came with hardware from another world . yes i was absolutely spent . the next day i woke up around . i was still from the of the previous day so i the idea of taking an " off day ' but knew that i ' d likely be right back to working on the foreign technology . with a yawn i my as far and wide as i could . rolling out of bed i rubbed my getting ready for the day . my mouth had that gross taste that you get after a long undisturbed sleep so i decided to go brush my teeth . upon my bedroom i felt a cold breeze . i in response to this out of place unusually chilly stream of air . in my tired haze i thought that the a c was set too low so i made my way to the living room . stumbling exhausted to the thermostat i saw a sight that made me freeze in my . in an instant i was completely awake all because my front door was wide open . i ' m already paranoid enough on my own but when i saw that door swinging in the cold wind i panicked . i rushed to the door it shut . like a lunatic i my back to the door scanning the interior of my house with bloodshot . nothing to be out of order nor did anything look like it had been taken . i thought that after my door in a fit of childish anger he had broken it . i to calm myself down running my hand down my face as i shook my head . " that me a new door " i said under my breath making my way to the couch . just what i a panic attack right as i got out of bed . i sat on the couch sinking into the as i my heart rate . sitting by myself i thought of how paranoid i was . yeah i had a reason to be but i also knew that nobody had any idea of what i was doing aside from . yes and i had a history of and falling but we still . i don ' t know man we just had a brotherly bond even though i had isolated myself from everyone i know . as i to come back to my my lazily the room . for no apparent reason i to get the feeling that something was different . almost like an itch that you can ' t scratch the sensation of what i can only describe as " misplacement ' to nag at me even more . stroking the thin stubble on my chin my head turned every which way looking around for the cause of the feeling . like a truck load of it came down onto me . " oh my god ! " i realizing that the bin of alien tech was missing . in a frenzy i shot up from the couch it over strength enhanced from the adrenaline . " not there " i rushing over to my computer desk . my firmly the desk violently it away from the wall . " not there either ! " . even though i knew that i ' t going to find the technology anywhere i still to believe that i had somehow it . i checked in the kitchen the bathroom my own room and even the damn walk in pantry but alas the equipment was nowhere to be seen . i tried telling myself that i just ' t in my right mind that in my sleep state i had put the bin of tech somewhere stupid but i knew in my gut what really . i back to my room snatching my phone off the . without hesitation i my " brotherly " friend . as i for him to answer i was seething with rage . if i had been standing in front of a mirror i might ' actually seen pure unfiltered burning rage from my . " pick up the damn phone ! pick up pick up pick up ! " i back and forth while shouting the usual . as soon as i the call go to i threw my phone with the strength of a kicking mule into the wall . oddly enough the device ' t shatter into a billion so i had to hear ' s annoying voice . " i ' m probably busy or some so unless you ' re my main bitch don ' t call back " ' s voice through my room causing me to burst into a monstrous earth shattering tirade . " ! bring it back here right now ! i swear to if you sold the that i went through hell to get and fix i ' literally throw you in front of a train ! " . the stark contrast of the pleasant mild " " that after my verbal explosion was almost humorous and would have been if i ' t on the cusp of breaking a man ' s spine in half with my bare . finding what little i had left i against the wall my weak strained body slide down to the floor . i felt the most intense depressing sense of sheer hopelessness . i to think of all the that i had with the alien tech all the fun and exploration that i could ' in and ruminating on it only made it worse . to me that was rock bottom and there was no light to be found until a startling noise cut right through the stagnant air . my up as my head to the direction of the noise . to my surprise my phone was ringing . like a sad diseased rat i meagerly on my and to answer the phone . the screen was severely cracked in a spiderweb like way but i could make out that the caller was no other than the face of the hour . with a fist tightly around the broken phone i . " ? ! are you out of your mind ? ! bring the back here or i ' " i right before being cut off by a series of loud . " ! please hear me out ? ! look i ' t do this but you ' t really give me much of a choice ya know ? i get me and my family that hellhole and i know some that sell so they might like this e . t right ? i ' m sorry man but you see the big picture . if you want i ' split it ? sorry " . just as i was about to describe the exact manner in which i would end his miserable life he hung up on me . there ' t that could describe the that i was . hell the thing to what i felt would be turning into the sun . my rage was unmatched by the most ruthless unfeeling cold calculated predator in the universe . in short if was standing in front of me at the time i would ' made him see the most depiction of hell right from the comfort of my own home . with saliva spewing from behind my teeth i loudly standing up from the sweat carpet . i into the living room my car off the computer desk ready to find and kill him but then some clarity into my insufferable life . i that even if i had it in me to drive in the i was in i had no idea where was going . i knew where he was that gang foul smelling orifice on the face of planet earth " pleasant meadow ' . actually that ' s an alias i ' m giving it but it ' s close to the real name that it was given . anyway i felt the urge to quite literally explode into an atomic fit of rage but knew that i had to sit down and think . myself down i to think of the days that and i spent in pleasant meadow we would often go to the local joint which would usually lead to also talking to the other the local gang . from there he would brag about how he ' s " still on the grind " and " pushing that whip " but also usually walking away with the gang seemingly talking in private . that memory me of an old mostly forgettable video recording that and i took while at a party . it was like a had over my head as i with bated breath swiveled in my office chair and up ' s social media . i knew that he posted that old house party video from a few back and i was going to find it even if it meant endlessly through his brain dead narcissistic feed . after countless of him holding up a out handful of with the " stay hungry ' i finally found the video . i " play ' then watched as my old days of awkward to unfold before me . in the video had his arm around me clearly drunk and with a dopey smile across his red face . " i i just say that that we the money gang ! ? you feeling this ? " to say his breath nearly visible on camera . " come on you ' re drunk . could you stop being annoying for one minute at least ? " i looking like i ' d rather be anywhere else . " you got to be feeling this man . i feel it it and hey ! speaking of the devil ! ! . man of the house ! come and check out the money gang ! " waving to someone off screen . " what ' s good cousin ? you and your boy a good time ? " a muscular shirtless wearing man . " we ' re the time of our ! yo ! you got that strap still ? i got the money if you got the " off seemingly throwing all subtlety out the window . now that i knew of one illegal transaction i surmised that would likely stay in contact with the same people as he always does with his " ' . if my hunch was correct then was on his way to ' s house with the alien tech and i to stop him . luckily for me ' t think about the that on social media on his privacy . right on that post ' s house address was plain as day and all i had to do was take my and drive to that location . determined i made my way to my car starting it up and hastily speeding off . the by as i drove a few over the speed limit but i knew the area well enough to know that not many the area . the radio in the background mostly by my laser focus on the objective to get back what ' s mine . it ' t until i something that related to my predicament that i to listen . " have you seen flying ? have you been poked and by little green men from other ? if so then call in and tell us your story ! " . i felt as though the radio was me that in some way the universe was a sick joke on me . " hell dude " i about to turn down the radio until a caller came through with their story . she very serious straight to the point and almost rushed . " hey rick . a few nights ago i saw this bright light in the sky . at first glance i thought it was a star or something then it got and " til i could see it moving with my own two ! " the caller the sound of in the background could be . " we ' been getting about this for over a week ma ' am . lots of say they saw what you . hey ma ' am ? you sound shaken . are you doing alright ? " the radio by a short length of silence . " rick they ' re here ! don ' t you get that ? ' t nobody worried about this ? the are here people ! wake up and see the truth ! they ' re here and they ' re " . before she could finish her sentence i switched off the radio . i ' t believe that aside from me the police and the military other people had seen the ship that into the on that fateful night . for me this whole thing was such a personal intimate experience but now i knew that many more people knew of the existence of the craft . i would be lying if i said that this news ' t make me feel a wee bit nervous . i had like " what if the exposure of this incident in more government to silence the then in turn somehow back to me ? ' . it was one hell of a stressful drive to pleasant meadow what with all the i was doing . all i could think of was those the technology then in turn him all about how he got it . the would then take the tech to the media trying to obtain fame and if my name came up i ' d be thrown into the back of a black van with a sack over my head . my grip on the wheel as my a blur of fear . how could my friend someone i ' known for do this to me ? he knew how paranoid i was how i was of the news getting out . i love him like a brother even though at the time i to eviscerate him . yes he was desperate to escape pleasant meadow but he should know better than to blow the lid on one of the biggest in history . i was so caught up in my own head i almost ' t notice a car right in front of me . on the i just barely a serious fender bender . as i sat in awkward silence waiting for the driver ahead to scold me i a low thumping rhythmic bass . it was the car that i almost hit with its radio . with shifty i took in the scenery around me i was in pleasant meadow . " still a i see " i looking at the familiar worn down all but and around me . i at the still motionless car in front of me . with great impatience swelling up inside of me i was about to lay in on the horn until i that i was at a stop light . " how could i possibly forget pleasant meadow traffic ? " i said to myself in a sarcastic bitter tone . as i for the green light tapping my on the wheel i a noise that made me jump in my seat . to my relief it was just my phone ' s ringer once again . just like last time the man that i considered a friend was calling me and i was that he had a change of heart about to tell me that he was the tech . however i got a much different call . " ? i ' m in town . you better give that back it " i sounding like a single parent going through a messy divorce . " hey your is " some about this garbage that he tried " us with " an unknown male voice . " who the are you ? where ' s ? " i shot back forgetting all about the world around me . " none of your business bitch . listen up your boy with the wrong team of and he ' s about to get his ass laid out so you might come and explain yourself " . my stomach was churning violently my head was spinning and i could feel my heart in my throat . " hey man ' s not in his right mind ? please just let him go and i ' pay you whatever i have if that the deal " i trying my best to use my quick thinking to my advantage . " boy you got me up if you think i ' m let this disrespect fly . come to our place if you see your friend without a cap in his dome " . after that the man gave me the address before abruptly hanging up . you know as much as i was off at ' s blatant disregard for my to keep this ordeal a secret i still for him . i ' t help but think of the times that he had my back the time when he out a bully who was trying to punk me at school the time when he was my wingman for a girl who obviously ' t into me and the time when he and his actually went through the trouble of baking my sick father a birthday cake . yes is an ignorant dope with the stubbornness of a mule but he ' s a good person on the inside . " the light ' s green ! " a woman from behind my car . shaking my head and my on the road ahead i to drive to ' s location . as i drove i tried to ease my with some radio only to be met with the same conspiracy laden station from before . " and furthermore the craft ' t have a tail rick . you think the whole " meteor " story up to scrutiny ? i have never seen the army respond to a meteor strike " a male caller irritation in his voice . grumbling i turned off the radio tired of hearing what i already know . my were with my friend and what his fate would be if i ' t get there in time . would he be dead by the time that i arrive ? i just ' t get the idea out of my head . snapping back to reality i was up to the house where was being captive . lucky for me the guy decided to call me because this was not ' s address at all . maybe was actually finding new ? good for him i guess . cautiously i stepped out of my car seeing that ' s dad ' s car was in the driveway . " yo ! " a voice from the side of me . before i could get a good look at the person i got a better view of the butt of a pistol then nothing at all . i to stir from my deep almost comatose slumber . my skull felt like it was about to crack open from the pressure inside of it my were weak and my were shaky . i could feel all of that but ' t see a damn thing . " he ' s awake ! " a muffled male voice . " the fu ? " i before being to my . the sensation of something being from my head the migraine making me whimper like a frightened . suddenly my vision was filled with a dull yellow light . i ' t quite make out how many people there were in front of me given that i was seeing double and only able to perceive the of human like . " ? ! they ' re kill us man ! i don ' t die ! " i a familiar voice cry by a loud meaty " thwacking " sound that silenced the voice . " shut the up bitch " another voice through what like teeth . " money . . . i have money " i out unable to think of anything else . without warning i felt a sharp deep aching pain radiate through my abdomen buckling my already weak . two of up my rag doll of a body sloppily standing me upright . i thought i had been until my sight to clear up . looking down there was no stab wound but looking back up i could see a tall man with broad . he was wearing a ski mask just like other in the room and back his fist . " please don ' t " i through speech before being viciously in the stomach . my were on fire . i thought i was going to lose yesterday ' s dinner before taking in what breath i could being brought back to my once again . " we don ' t need your money boy ! we know what the you two mark ass are pull with this " alien " " the large man threatening to hit me again . i could see on the floor in front of me bleeding from his nose spitting more blood from between his swollen . he so pathetic but not in an insulting way . i him and i must ' no better by how i felt . " you speak or am i have to knock some more sense into that big ass head of yours ? . seeing look the way he did the overbearing stress of the past week and now all of this nonsense ? i was beginning to feel less weak and more furious . " you . . . you know the truth ? " i retorted looking that big hairy man right in his . " i ' tell you the truth then big man . bring me the that brought you and i ' show you " . with all this trouble that the alien tech brought me i was prepared to just prove that it was the real deal and give it to them . maybe it was the concussion but i had a major change of heart . if giving them the alien technology meant that i could rest and that and i could live then i would gladly hand it over . " rod ! bring that out here ! " the muscular man into the other room . being laid before me was the very technology that i swore to protect fix and keep hidden from the world . as i likely for the last time at my once collection of foreign hardware my for the one piece of tech that could instantly prove its legitimacy the chrome ball . pouting my dry i took a large gulp of blood and saliva still looking for that magical sphere . " wait . . . where is it ? " i my darting side to side desperately trying to find the dense metal ball . " i ' m " patience bitch " the huge man told me . looking over to with wide a panicked expression on my face and snot from my nose i slowly my mouth . " ? where where is it ? the floating ball ? remember ? " . his head still dripping from the tip of his crooked nose . " i don ' t know man . that ' s what i was trying to tell them but they ' t listen man . they just beating me when i ' t find it " lowering his head back to the floor . " the ? don ' t you have a gun ? " i . " i ' t do it man . i ' t pull the trigger " . out of nowhere a sharp loud noise off . in front of me the big man was holding a pistol pointing it at my head . it ' s weird when you have a gun at your skull you don ' t see much else around you except for the barrel . " you are " on my last nerve ! i ' m not " these no more ! prove this ' s real and i won ' t blow your ass right to the lord ' s kingdom ! " . my mind for and it ' t until i down at the alien computer that i thought of something . " ! look bring me that computer please ! " i the sweat from my brow stinging my open wounds . with the gun still at my head the large man swept the computer over to me with his foot . " that bitch made already us this " . " well i know how to use it " i . " let go of my arms and i can show you that this is real ? if i try to run or fight you can shoot me and right in the face " . upon finishing that sentence up at me with an even more expression but it worked . the big man to his them to let me go . with slow deliberate i carefully sat down on the floor booting up the computer . sure the computer usually took a bit to start but when you know a gun is trained on you ready to fire at any time the damn thing like it an eternity to start up . finally the alien computer booted up the menu . trying to focus as hard as i could i to the most interesting screen of the computer the thing that i like to call " the universal map ' . just like last time i could see the square plane the countless and the if not of square drifting about . " ha ha ! now that ' s some we ' t get to see ! " the huge man lightening the atmosphere of the room but only a little . now you may be yourself " what is your plan to prove to them that this is real beyond a cool looking display ? ' . well my plan was simple select one of those triangular then unlike in my last update actually choose that mysterious indecipherable option . i was basically banking mine and ' s life on this option doing something remarkable . taking a deep breath i did just that and was returned to the standard map view . my nervous grin was gradually turning into a worried panicked frown . i for something anything to happen but nothing . the atmosphere of the room was back to a deathly serious mood . i thought that my vision was going to switch to pure blackness due to a bullet ripping through my brain but something did in fact happen on the screen . a rapid repetitive dull sound coming from the computer by the triangle that i selected out of view . the big man along with his crew in to look at the screen but then the display turned off . without making too many sudden i the power button multiple times praying that it would just turn back on but it ' t . not wanting to accept defeat i kept at it but was dragged from the computer by two strong men . i was forced onto my staring up in sheer terror only seeing the barrel of a gun . the big man was saying something but i ' t register what it was . i could hear weeping loudly so they must ' been doing the same to him . i thought for sure that our were over and i had even begun to accept it . with no " bang ' no muzzle flash my vision was by pitch blackness . for a second i thought i was dead until the came back on . the at each other with confused almost it off as a minor power outage but then there was this high deafening noise that the whole room . by the look on their i could tell that the were screaming from the noise and confusion but i ' t hear anything except for the shrill sound . the to flicker rapidly i could see a cell phone on a chair start to turn on before instantly shutting back off and the ceiling fan above was spinning so fast it was rocking itself out of the ceiling . i ' t understand what was happening and to be honest i was too numb to react . i just sat there sluggishly looking around the room as the and panicked . everyone was scattering all around the room but were stopped in their by a light rumbling . the light rumble graduated to a deep heavy shaking of the whole house . the ceiling fan came down onto one of the by forming around the near the ceiling . for some reason my self preservation finally in causing me to spring into action . it was hard to stand up straight or even walk but i had to get out of there somehow . maybe it was the constant ringing in my that was throwing off my equilibrium the house ' s the i sustained or even all of the above but i kept falling over . had curled up in the corner covering his head with his and i tried to make my way over to him but my were fighting against me . no matter how loud i no matter how much i tried to get his attention ' t hear me . myself up from the floor a chair i the alien tech and knew that i had to get it out of there . when i knew that the were no longer a threat i felt that old sense of determination surge throughout my body . with what little strength i could muster i all of the tech tossing it back into the bin . carrying the bin with sore arms and wobbly i over to . i kept tapping him on the head to get his attention but he ' t respond . just stayed in the fetal position quivering like a small child . without warning the room was in the most intense most blinding light that i have ever . i ' t think i just ran as best as i could . with my vision heavily i was bumping into that i could barely see causing me to stumble and almost fall over again . as the light less intrusive i knew that i was almost out of the way of whatever was coming for us . eventually i burst out of the front door clearing the in a single bound . i ran as far away as i could from that house until my finally gave out completely . still in a panic i over on my back and that ' s when i saw the most amazing but horror thing that i ' ever seen in my whole life . the house no longer had a roof and above it there was a large round bright object hovering . my hearing was returned to me so i had to endure the blood from those who were still inside the house . the object made no sound at all and was seemingly a dense beam of light from what i assume was the bottom of it . my were unblinking as i the of people being dragged up into the object by the light . i was in awe unable to move and unable to truly think . as the last silhouette was into the object the finally and in an instant the object shot up and without a trace into the night sky . i was left without any sense of self for about a minute until i snapped back to reality clumsily back on my . i ' t have time to ponder about what i just so i the bin of tech then to my car with my exhausted aching . much of that drive was a blur in my memory but i do recall the feeling of dread its ugly head and that ' s about it . next thing i know i ' m back home the bin from the and walking to my front door . it was like i was on autopilot even when i let my body hit the bed almost breaking the in the mattress . that night i ' t remember my feeling worried sad angry or anything really . no all i could remember after i lied on that bed was a tingling throughout my . the next morning i woke up with a gasp sitting straight up almost as if i was . if i was i don ' t remember them . i could feel sweat pouring down my forehead and it had also my . it was then that i to feel the from last night . as i sat in my soaked bed i to cry uncontrollably . " i ' m sorry ! god ! " i throwing the off of me in hysterics . my sobbing carried on for awhile as all of the that i ' t feel before flooding my very being . i got out of bed careful not to topple once more and into my living room . still wearing my dirty moist sticky clothes from yesterday i to lazily strip them off right then and there . i don ' t know what was wrong with me but everything felt off . it was so strange seeing myself do these impulsive but not being able to or not enough to stop it . well there i was naked in my living room staring out my window . it was a sunny windy beautiful day but in my world it was storming wildly . i was present yet blank on the inside . the sun filled my with its warm glow but it had no affect on me . no the only thing that made me react was seeing a very bright very still very round object in my front yard . as slow and stiff as a living corpse i outside to see what it was but deep down i knew what it was . lo and behold the chrome ball was there floating in the sun . that thing always me of the that i but now it made me want to wince or even recoil at the sight of it . like nothing could catch my interest i raised my hand behind it casually it through the front door . the chrome ball back in the bin i thought of how must ' accidentally it as he was stealing the tech . the thought gave me a faint wholesome chuckle . then i thought of how in my panic i chose the technology over a friend of mine . he was petrified feeling the most terror that he had ever experienced in his life and i ran off with this bin of . the void that inhabited my soul was by a raging fire of self hatred . " ! " i punching a hole in the wall . that fire inside of me was burning a hole through my ego me see who the real me was . what i saw was a coward a cheat a liar and an unreliable pile of trash . just then i thought of taking the bin setting it ablaze and never to look at it again but that rage that need for retribution it gave me an idea . i thought of the possibility that no matter how unlikely i could use their equipment against them . what if i could these high tech of hardware to get back at the who took my friend away ? hell maybe i could even save him from the craft if he ' s not already dead . with that new in place i made to get back to work . alright that ' s all i can say for now . stay tuned for more because in the span of being gone for a lot more in my life . until then please just stay safe . it ' s a nasty world of unknown and i should know that better than anyone else . . i grew up thinking that this incident was a nightmare that stuck with me throughout my high school . turns out it was a memory a really up memory that had been burned into my brain . it was such a traumatic event that my seven year old brain had it deep into my subconscious even the of my little brother . it just two after my seventh birthday every weekend my brother and i would always camp in our . it was sort of our thing our amazing in the forest . it around ten that night my brother and i had just into our tent for the night after our and some s ' mores . i was always a light sleeper while my younger brother was the opposite i woke up to the sound of rustling from the that lined our . at first i thought it was my younger brother the bathroom when i out to him there was no answer and the rustling stopped . i sat up and rubbed the sleep from my my left hand brushed my brother s sleeping bag i down to find him still asleep . then there was this weird sound it like someone was mouthwash and a mix with a pained groan . my mind with like an alien waiting to eat me some hungry werewolf ready to pounce or a creepy old clown . my entire body froze as fear my mind i over and shook my brother in an attempt to wake him up . he let out a groan and rolled over i my breath and for a long while . the stopped . i shook my brother s a little harder this time he up at me and at me . i think there s something outside . he around wide eyed he was . i whether i should be the big brother and check or if i should just take my little brother and make a run for it to the house i took one more look at my little brother and that s what gave me the courage to go outside . as quietly as i could i the tent and at the back door of our house i to have second but i made it that far so why not go all the way . i puffed out my chest and out of the tent the wet grass soaked my and the cool night breeze felt good . the tall grass behind me and again i froze as if my body had a mind of its own i to walk towards the edge of the yard . my breath caught in my throat as i inched closer and closer i t look away or move . it so fake like a murder scene you would see in . there laid my brother s lifeless corpse his and visible there was so much blood . then it hit me if this is my brother then who s in the tent . i over my shoulder and at the tent it and as the thing inside slowly out of the tent . it towered over me i only caught a glimpse of it before it off into the surrounding . that s when i was able to let out the scream that desperately to leave my throat . whatever it was it wore my brother s skin . i forget my a lot . most of the time when i wake up i have a fleeting thought but nothing more than that . i need to write this down all of the so that i don ' t forget this dream because i feel that it ' s important . i remember as far back as being in a car . one thing i is that most everything was in black and white . i would later find i could also see of red and blue . it ' s outside pretty hard . i can hear the tapping of on the roof of the car as we make our way under . my are in the front my dad driving both expressionless . my brother sat next to me staring ahead motionless except for the small that the car ran over . i took in that i had white not quite elbow length . my hair was up in a bun with two hanging down framing my face . i was wearing a very light blue dress a little below knee length . on my were thin white with black . i don ' t normally dream in black and white so it came off as a bit odd . it felt off . nobody in the car said a word . i that i was sitting on the wrong side of the car my brother normally on this side . as soon as i notice this my brother something like " are we there yet ? " my and i look out the window . i still haven ' t said a word which is also weird for me i ' m a pretty talkative person the kind who when i ' m confused and telling you now i was confused . i feel the car slow and we come to a halt in the driveway of this huge building . you could call it a mansion i guess . while facing the building he bottom left corner on the first story were made up of large glass . basically for . the glass section of the building was aglow with warm and soft classical music . i could see seating in one part and a cluster of people in the next . it had a very nice look to it . but the rest of the building was nothing like it . the rest of it was made of hard stone on the outside . the were small and they felt cramped . no shone from the three upper . while i was observing the building my family to get out of the car . i . we had no to protect us from the rain but we ' t get that wet only our hair had some in it when we got to the interior of the building . i hear the babbling of talkative people of wine glasses and slow classical music drifting through the air . it ' s a scene i actually don ' t normally enjoy . i hate with people i don ' t know especially that i don ' t know . but in this dream i felt oddly like an actor on a stage a character . and i a bit but not a good smile . in the dream i felt like i knew what i was there for but i also ' t . at that moment i could have sworn that i saw something through the window wall to my left . nothing probably just the rain being weird . normally i would have pointed this out to someone but even if i to i ' t get the chance . someone up to me . i immediately her as someone from my old school a childhood friend . i also knew that she was the host of the party . i noted her blush pink dress with puffy . another color . i and her feigning joy . we made small talk and so did our . we for a minute or two then the lead us to our table across the black marble floor . it was a booth along the wall in the middle of some other with people i unimportant . my brother bread into his mouth and my mother told him to stop a bit jokingly in that motherly way . this was normal occurrence . whenever we were at a restaurant . i remember seeing the shadow in the window again this time i was sure of it . but i ' t tell anyone . i felt as if it was a signal almost . i myself out of the booth and spoke for the second time in this entire dream excusing myself for the bathroom . but as soon as i took a step out of the booth i was somewhere else . a that i ' t . but even though i somewhere else i ' t at all . i simply around . the lawn was nicely kept and the grass felt slightly crunchy underneath my . to my left there was a cream colored house with a shingle roof . the paint was chipping slightly at the . i turned to my right and saw a slightly than it ' s natural color because of the rain . a rope ladder swayed in the wind . the entire yard was with an unpainted picket fence the same wood as the . i the in front of me when i up again . they were all wavering slightly in the rain . one of them was a short figure about maybe tall . this figure was light grey it had strange . it sort of me of peter porker the cartoon pig from spider man into the spider verse . the smaller lighter figure was standing in the middle of two giant . they about tall at most and their the middle of the . they were than the other one and expressionless . these tall dark shadow had to be what i had seen outside the window . for the first time in my dream i felt an emotion . worry . i stepped back slightly feeling the wet grass on my and i a voice say " wait . " i could tell that it was the smaller one that spoke . it still stood in the middle of the taller . were they it ' s bodyguard ? why would this . . . thing need something like that ? but it me to wait so i . the smaller one me for a favor . i ' t want to accept but what choice did i have ? . . . it me to kill someone . i want to emphasize that i am not working for mart . i just work inside one . this is an entirely different corporate entity its existence a complete secret since it to staff abandoned retail . still i ' m just a supply boy running and other medical to the " . " i don ' t trust them but it ' t matter . they heal the perform i can ' t even imagine . no one them especially the few people you could call " . " they don ' t call themselves anything just going around barking . here ' s the thing about the . yes they perform medical that would astound current medical . i know for a fact there ' s more than science at play . or maybe a version of it i don ' t know . but i had a experience near the cooler area . i just got done watching a doctor regrow a limb . he sprinkled this black and yellow paste on the limb of a soldier and within i saw the limb grow from a baby ' s arm to the arm of an adult . when the doctor satisfied he handed me the little canister of the black and yellow substance and told me to take it to the . i already knew that but . hertz on telling me every single time . i and made my way to the cooler section taking my time because there really ' t a reason to hurry . the soldier who came in to be the only one that night . once i the cooler i the button which the plastic barrier to lift . all of a sudden all my as if i was in danger . i around trying to find the reason . i this weird panting sound . then i a large of drool hanging from the side of one of the steel . " what the ? " i said . a scratching sound from above made me run out of there like the biggest coward you ' ever seen . i ' m not ashamed to admit it . i the and rounded the corner making my way to the back . this was where the trucks came in when the store was officially in operation . now it the swell of post conflict . the short of it is that i work for a company that is in a conflict in a different dimension . before that night the only evidence i had seen of the conflict was the men coming back with missing or severe head wounds . most of them were by some creature on the other side . i at the thought . i was about to cross over to the old manager ' s office when i two of the " " talking . " i don ' t think the limb paste is causing it but . . . you never know . these have been wrong before " i chuck say . " there was that vision enhancement spray a while back . our said it would cause permanent eye damage . never did . " " i know . . . i know ! they were wrong about that but many more of them are speaking up this time . they seem very certain that . . " the other guy will . " certainly ' t mean a damn thing " chuck said . both of them stopped talking as soon as they saw me giving me a suspicious look . chuck left promptly nodding at me . then he me into the old manager ' s office . he told me to have a seat . i did . he to hesitate about what he was about to say next . when he spoke his voice still uncertain . " you ' re not in trouble but i was just the . you to be running from the cooler area in a noticeable hurry . do we have a problem ? " will said face looking stern . i decided to tell what i experienced since he ' t a complete stooge like chuck . i i ' t see anything concrete just sensed a presence in the cooler area . saw some weird drool on the side of one of the steel . " do you think it ' s related to the use of the limb paste ? " i . the expression on will ' s face more guarded . " i can ' t comment on that right now . just do your job report on anything suspicious . and remember you can trust me . also . . . " here he . " yes ? " i said . " i ' d appreciate if you kept this between you and i " he almost whispered . " i trust you understand my . " i sort of will because he opposed chuck on a fairly regular basis . as i out of the manager ' s office walking in the other direction to avoid chuck i i to go the extra mile . two first i never really of the limb paste . i always knew there was something off about it . secondly i figured if i did a little extra leg work will might see this as evidence of me " stepping up " to the plate . maybe i ' d get a little promotion out of it . sanitation a bit better . i ' t have to work my ass off and . . . i the off chuck ' s . i quickly into the old " floor " area the main holding area for and went down a random aisle . i kept doing this until i thought i lost him . because of me wanting to avoid the i had to take the long way around to the . along the way i the anemic plan in my head . as scary as it was i hoped i would encounter the thing in the cooler area . that slobber of drool meant that something had been prowling around there and i to discover what . one reason related to survival into my head better to know what i was dealing with rather than being blind one day . going the long way i made it to my destination in about seven . i the button and the area just before the . all to be quiet . i quickly the steel to see if i could see anything inside them . nothing . i decided to use this time to get out my and activate camera mode . there ' t any movement for several but my dread to grow despite this . i knew there had to be something here . glancing at the side of the bin which had the string of drool attached to it . it turned to a crystal crimson red . i took a photo of the red drool it ' t be enough evidence on its own . it ' d help support my case . then a box of medical fell off the palette on top of the shattering to the ground . there it was ! i quickly snapped a picture of the four legged beast which a phosphorescent yellow with beady mirror like . something from its mouth . an additional mouth ? it also like it could ' been a small arm . either way it at me . i ran out of the cooler area and the button to bring down the plastic barrier . unfortunately i into chuck . he had two with him a feverish look in their . " . it ' s time we had a talk ? don ' t worry will won ' t bother us . " so chuck and the me back to the old manager ' s office . it was still used for similar . i knew this ' t be good . chuck had a determined expression on his face . like the silent feud we had been over the last several would end right there . i was fired within the next ten . chuck it was because i used a on company time . i ' t dispute that . i knew he was just it as an excuse because i to investigate the limb paste creature connection . while chuck busied himself in the other smaller room . getting me my " discharge " i the small flash drive next to chuck ' s computer keyboard and pocketed it . the me out the back door . no one was supposed to park in the actual parking lot for obvious . a supposedly abandoned retail store with several in front of it would attract unwanted attention for the secretive parasitic company which used to employ me . as i said their usual practice involved abandoned retail because the infrastructure made it easier to conduct . honestly i ' t quite get why but that had been the official statement during one of the first i . anyway this meant i had to walk across the street to my car . i sped away fuming . of course that chuck would look for any excuse to can me . once i down i about what had to will . chuck was wily and probably found a way to distract him . there was a fairly steady stream of coming in through the portal so it ' t have been hard . i ' t hear anything for a few days . chuck probably knew i had taken his flash drive but it ' t like he could prove it . any unwarranted visit to my property would make it easy for me to alert the . not that i really to i had my own . the flash drive was interesting . more than really . apparently it laid out how the residue of the limb paste would attract from the other side . chuck knew of this based on the i read and he to be getting money behind the for supporting the product used by a company he was allies with the company name " hornet healing " . i had every intention of finding a way to contact will myself but a woman mason came to the door . she formal and had such a scowl on her face that i if my former employer had sent her . i was half right . will made a call to the higher said i had been wrongfully . . mason had been sent to investigate that and more . " we know about chuck " . mason said her cold face opening up into a partial smile . " now we just have to nail him down . " while i mason and will siding with me i ' t for sure if i to tell her about the flash drive . this was about revenge after all . warning there ' s a baby that ' s in danger . now you know . xb i m a voyeur . it is not a sex thing . we get when something that needs a witness who t going to scream and cry and try and run . we do not have a choice . the other call me black hat you can read a little more about me and what i do here last time i checked in i why you ' t trust the sun we live in a up world with up that don t have sharp teeth and a taste for . those are hard enough to avoid . but it can be much much worse . the last few are a bit of a blur the kind of period of time that when you randomly look at the date blink and when you check again it s a month later . nothing unnatural came and ate almost three of my life i promise . the only new monster that took interest in my ass was plain monotony . we all know it in some way or another when the dissociation it . sometimes it s only long enough to last the drive to work so that when you walk into the building you realize you can t remember ever actually turning elsewhere you see it in the wage slave that five at the office between the that finally let them feel again . sometimes it literally is some thing that up and eats a month of your life . it s less common but it s more common than you probably think . i m something of an expert when it comes to being interested in my ass figuratively mostly but there s a non zero chance that i hooked up with someone reading this after meeting at a bar and chatting about scary on . you d be at how effective talking about r can be as a pickup line . it also that people being interested in my ass can often be literally true too . but when i say i m an expert in that chase i mean it . running is usually the best answer if you want to keep your head but sometimes you just t fast enough . sometimes you fight . sometimes that fight just t fair . xb the first job i up taught me an extremely valuable lesson that despite the fact that we call ourselves sometimes our getting involved . i should have known that going in . social engineering is an important part of hacking frankly the most valuable part if what you re looking for is and it entirely on the ability to get information out of and bypass physical and the people inside of them . hacking t all about command and cracking . most of the time it ringing up a call center over and over until you can catch some poor minimum wage employee who s willing to say the wrong thing to the wrong person . believe it or not but tricking a customer service agent into giving you their is often literally infinitely faster than trying to do it with a computer program . what that functionally is that sometimes in order to get to the end of your job you have to actually get your dirty . up until my first failure i d never to do anything that took me beyond the broad or a connection . if i t do it in my car i could do it in a . or a park . or a library . so when i found myself sitting outside of a small server center in that me to be a bit more physical than usual i everything screaming at me to head inside the building and figured i must have something . i knew what i to do and i knew that i could do it but to be honest i was afraid of whatever might be in there . i was desperate to cling onto that last bit of safety my provided me from really truly viscerally the i d just getting used to seeing . i knew i d up . my fear won . my body was however temporarily broken as punishment for it . i d probably do it again if i had to do it over . the second time the situation that left me with my second mouth less shadow was different . i t up because i was afraid . i up because i was angry . i because no matter how many times you see these prey on the weak and unsuspecting sometimes it up being too much . i wish like the first time i could say i would choose it again . i wish i could say that the anger would have beat the promise of of looking over my shoulder had i known what was coming . i t . you can call me a coward and you t be wrong but the kind of paranoia that comes with the thing with no mouth s presence me in a way that frankly i d trade almost anything to escape . but i can t . don t even think death s let me slip away from this one . . it with a text message . it a phone number a license plate and a four digit pin . the license plate was registered to amber a single mother that worked six days a week to scrape together barely enough for some low end boston apartment and enough baby mush to make sure her month old s t be too brittle if he was lucky enough for them to set . the number and the pin to the she used to call her mother three away and watch of people eating every item on the menu at she knew she d never be able to afford . it also me to access her device s location . she d a real time undoubtedly in an effort to provide some insurance in case the phone ended up getting lost . . unfortunately for her she used the same pin to access it that she used to unlock her phone . unfortunately for her that exact same pin was sitting in my text ready and waiting . it was about ten in the evening in mid when i eventually to catch up with her . her location her sitting around at a rest stop outside of boston . during the drive out i took the chance to do some basic poking around i checked her for her recent and her search history . she was making the long trip with her to visit her a few over . they t in but recently when her son was born and had to celebrate her mother s birthday out in middle . her to take her grandson to the aquarium and make the two of them a big dinner afterwards . her to find a way to make up up when amber was a . when i up i saw her through the window of a diner . some part of my thing it obvious what i m supposed to be watching . usually . sometimes i think they make it harder just to with me . her profile picture had been recently though she did a good job of making sure her high school t see the dark that had settled under her . but she was there a woman in her mid whose blonde hair was vibrant and full of youth despite the dark that marked her as someone who had seen far too much far too soon . she sat across from her son . it s weird in all of the searching i d done on my way to catch up to her i read through countless and and that her but neither then nor now could i tell you what his name was . i know he had one obviously because she about him on social media but when i tried to read it my mind out . i knew i was looking at his name and that she was saying it but to this day i have no idea what it might be . she had him laying in his carrier on the far corner of the table opposite her right up against the window . i t see him inside of it from my car but i could see the ridiculous she d make at him and the satisfied look that came after when he invariably back . at some point she d ordered some food a breakfast that had been down to a yolk quarter of egg white and some of bacon she d periodically pick up with her and pop into her mouth . the food was an afterthought . a concession . all she in that moment was to watch her son and make him laugh . i think she was good at it too . grateful for the chance to have this moment . her was too young to recognize as meaningful so i decided to appreciate it for him . we sat there for about an hour . you might think that with all of the murder and it d make someone like me constantly aware but you d be wrong . sitting in a car waiting for something to happen is maximum neutral . frankly most of the time it s straight up boring . but she happy which i m ashamed to say me at the time . i t exactly new to the job at that point but i t where i am today . i was in this up limbo that left me enough to ignore the weight of these without giving the very real people involved the respect they deserved . even if they d never know i was giving it . trauma will do that . amber deserved better . i spent another hour watching a trashy reality show i d onto my phone periodically glancing up to make sure i t lost my mark . there t really much to watch otherwise with the service . besides me the parking lot featured two semis out for the night a pickup and three or four sitting empty while their enough coffee to get them through their drive . at one point a van in and near the door just long enough for a twenty something to run inside to piss quickly before she got out for not going before they left . quiet otherwise . i think amber was hesitant to keep going . she d had a pretty rough time with her growing up . her dad was the kind of breadwinner that had a lot of on what and how you were meant to act in order to be a decent god . her was the type that if she d grown up a little bit south and been born a little bit later she d have her on her and to vicariously find meaning through amber up for beauty . instead she channeled it into emotional abuse and spent every week watching some millionaire in a half the country away preach about how important love and family is . like her dad said perfect family . . she was a fighter though . and she was smart regardless of the her fed her . she was popular in school and worked her ass off to earn the a s she d bring home on her report . but when all you are to your is stuffing for their own emotional void a . and a spot on the varsity volleyball team t cut it . her life at home was divided between the of her and them as much as possible . probably won t surprise you to learn she was out of the house if she could help it . . by high school she was well on her way to being as perfectly functional an adult as being a . in spite of her home life . she spent time with her she sports she got a part time job and made the absolutely baffling decision to put her into a account instead of blowing instantly like i would have . i don t know how old you are reading this but if you have teens in your life cut them some slack . it s harder than you remember . her t know about the cash and by graduation she to be on whatever plane took her as far from them as possible . maybe then they d realize just how much they up . they t she knew but just like those food she watched she found some comfort in the thought . by early senior year she d with all of the most end up trying at some point or another . dating from to loudly making out in a movie theater while some movie she d never remember barely covered the noise . late night phone with turned into midnight so she could not inhale the her best friend snatched out of her older brother s bedroom . eventually she ended up taking part in what i consider to be the most fundamental and important rebel tradition pounding back a bottle of plastic bottle vodka in a park with your at three in the morning . no hesitation . no chaser . no the next day . the of youth . these days it t matter how much i drink i swear to god my have doubled in severity year over year . what i d give to be nineteen again and be able to down half a bottle of and be completely fine the next day . most of the time this tradition with you stumbling back home or passing out on your floor . amber however was unlucky . catastrophically . for most i knew growing up getting caught meant you d get an minor in consumption on your record a stern talking to and a slap on the wrist . when a cop by while they were a shot away from tossing the bottle in the trash and off back to someone s house they t even think to try and scatter . they took the hit until their off came to pick them up and by five in the morning amber was sitting on her living room couch that vein in her dad s neck would just pop so he d stop screaming . i think if she d it differently the night might have ended with a year ' s worth of being grounded and a lot more in her day to day but otherwise mostly stable . but amber was a tired off extremely drunk who decided that day was the day she d had enough . when her dad she back . when her her she spit in her face . when they the she d been hearing since she was a she told them to shut the up . she the kind of you only know when you re an angry who lost the family lottery . the night t end with a slap on the wrist . it ended with her father her up by the waist and tossing her out on the front porch . it ended with a plane ticket to the east coast and three grand from her to her account . it ended with her saying to that life without a second thought . at first at least . three grand t get you very far on the east coast especially when you re a dropout whose only experience is tearing at a movie theater . for a few she d look back a lot . she knew that she could catch a flight back home and stay at a friend s place until she could figure out but she t . she t let those in her family think they d been right . even if they already did . there were enough between them and her to push it to the back of her mind . . the beginning was rough and it never got any easier . she did what she could worked as hard as she to and dug out a life for herself . it t a good one and she for every ounce of comfort she could find but it was hers . later she got pregnant after a tinder hookup . she decided to keep the despite his dad off literally instantly . her own dad had a few colon cancer . he himself . got what he deserved . a month after the birth of her son her to track down her phone number and reach out . it took a few more for her to convince amber to let her meet her grandson . and a few beyond that for amber to get enough time away from making rent to handle the time spent visiting . i don t know if amber ever got over the feeling that it was a trap but in the since then i m convinced her was genuinely sorry . i check in on her every once in a while . she s a better person now . it t have taken me searching through her history to learn all of that i could have seen all of it in the way she at her . the dark under her t there just because she d seen too much they were the mark of someone who had lived through enough to know how to love well and to love right . sometimes you struggle for that . that s a fight you can win . i promise not all of my involve good people dying . but if i m going to tell my story it i have to tell amber s story too . just like s during my first job . i t be who i am today without them . it t until after midnight that she her bill and got back in her cart . the parking lot had stayed mostly empty until then and i d drained enough of my phone s battery to need to plug it into my car s charger . she used her key to unlock the backdoor of her car made sure her was safe and secure in his then quietly into the front and hit the road . i a few to head out myself i d catch up to her a bit later to avoid the chance of her seeing me leave the parking lot . we drove for about an hour before i that i t the only one who had the same idea . a pair of behind me in the distance about forty five in and i made a point to check on them periodically . paying attention is the number one safety skill most people lack even if i used to take my status safety for . within a few i that our third t just another driver on the highway . the truck from the rest stop parking lot had out behind me and was following along . another person driving along a highway might not seem particularly strange to most people but with like this there is no such thing as coincidence it stayed quiet for the next half an hour . . that t make me feel any better . especially when the truck caught up to me to pass and hit the gas hard enough to rocket it out in front of amber s sedan . it on its hard enough to send her just off the road where her car . i cut my and off to the side a few hundred behind them . it t even remotely inconspicuous but it t need to be . it t matter if i m seen as long as that t up . are whatever was in that pickup knew i d be there and amber seeing me t make the monster in the truck go away . and trust me it was a monster . something that like a businessman open the door and its expensive on the highway pavement . . it casually up to her window its on the glass and until it was rolled down just enough to speak through it . it in close brushing the top of the glass and said something quietly before back a few . i don t know what she but it was enough for her to hastily get out of her car . you might know this too but there s a kind of darkness that only on a highway in the middle of the night . it s not quite the same as the darkness you have in a city or in the wilderness it s got a different feel to it . a different texture . it s different than the dark you see in the we touched it we travel it and there are that know that very well . i met more than a few who know what i mean . i also met a few who have me not to look into it for too long . with the amount of time i spend out on the i promise you should listen to that advice . that darkness up the ambient light from the and dimmed the light from amber s high . t matter if it was pitch black though . when there s something i m supposed to see i see it . to her credit she it together better than i would have if i was in her . she put her out in front of her and put some distance between her car . she was trying to be quiet pointing back to where her son was sleeping . the thing that like a man her finger with his and through the window for a beat . when amber turned to look back herself i at the sound of a gunshot . then a baby s . the thing had a gun from its suit and fired a shot into amber s arm . the reason i know for a fact this thing was a thing and not a person was clear when it for its gun . its arm whipped through the air in a flash while the rest of it stayed completely still . pure efficiency . where it up with a confidence and a swagger to match its piece suit now it was a . there s no chance amber could have even seen it coming . i barely did and seeing is literally what i do . her arm was but her adrenaline in . sometimes you re cornered . sometimes you have to fight . she rushed it and her uninjured shoulder into it with everything she had . most of us have the story of that mother who a car with her bare so she could save her . we all know that the way to get in the is to get between a bear and her . there s nothing than a when the life of their is on the line . nothing human at least . she to move it slightly at least . its gun t budge an inch but the thing back when she made contact . it just as fast as it had before amber by the threat and her aside into the middle of the lane with less than no effort . her skull made contact with the road when she landed leaving her dazed as she to roll onto her side and get back up . the businessman turned its head to watch her silently before it casually over to where she . she t see it but it was grinning . it t stop until it was looming over her . she had just enough time to look up as it angled its gun towards her forehead and with a flash of the muzzle and a ring of the shot amber stopped moving and t ever start again . for a moment it was silent . then her crying again . the businessman turned its head back and into the car before its gun . the was still screaming as the blood from amber s head out onto the pavement . it dragged its finger along the trunk as it around the back of the car . mode was off it was back to swaggering around without a care in the world . it its hand along the roof of the car with another satisfied look towards amber s body before it to the side . with a flash of glass it elbowed the window and it in one effortless motion . i don t know if it to take it or kill it or eat it but when the crying hit the night air everything i d seen up to that moment hit me like a brick to the head . the trauma of amber s life leading up to this moment . where she was casually and only for some monster to take everything else from her afterwards ? how nonchalantly it itself ? how it now like nothing in the world could stop it ? not today . i my high on and the gas . i just enough to skirt along the passenger side of the car and could see it snap its head towards me just in time for the crying to be out by the scream of metal on metal as i full speed into the . my side mirror snapped off with a crack and amber s sedan as my car dragged along its side but that s head right into my hood as i took it off its . we went about fifty before i on my and sent it rolling out onto the middle of the highway . here s a little tip when it comes to you don t understand that want you dead ? don t hesitate . best case it won t matter . usually you end up dead . i t for more than a second before i back the parking brake the gas again and it just as i saw the businessman start to twitch . both of buckled as i over it . then again in reverse . repeat . i t stop to look if it was still moving i just kept it until my car t take it . then i my ran across the pavement to amber s car it would run and the out of there when it up . it t moving . can t grin when your head is into a putty . you re probably thinking i should have sooner . you re probably right . i make a lot of in this job because frankly i would lose my mind if i t . but try to understand that there s a kind of helplessness that comes from seeing all of the that i seen . knowing that the that prowl around out there could snuff you out in a second if you end up at the wrong place at the wrong time . after a while you just accept it . you become . there s an inherent understanding that fighting that acceptance is probably kill you . but sometimes that s the risk you take . life work s like that . i was ready to die that night doing what i did . i was my nose to start bleeding or my to stop working or for another pickup to run me off the road just like it did amber . but it t . i m pretty sure i spent that whole ride more afraid than the that was crying in the back seat . i only stopped for gas and in record time i the and the car off at his grandmother s house . i t stay to explain what had . i loaded up my back and gave the s palm a squeeze and headed off up the street . a few away i out my cell and up amber s s landline . i told her her grandson was outside and that she to hurry . that he was probably hungry . and that he his diaper . i told her amber was gone and that i was sorry that i t save her too . i said that amber her in the end . then i hung up broke the card in half crushed the phone on the sidewalk and it into an overflow drain . a few before the feeling of being watched set in . every so often i d see something move out of the corner of my eye . when i caught a glance of two giant staring out at me from the window of a closed up office building i snatched a car and town . it took a while before i had my first real encounter with the thing with no mouth but i knew from exactly that moment that there d be for what i did . i tell you about that another time . sometimes you can t fight back . the real world fast faster when you don t see it coming . but sometimes you can fight back . and when you can you should . no matter what might happen . so i up . in the span of i ' d already broken four . " what the to me ? " " its all right sir . you just the out timing . they don ' t disturb anyone who ' s asleep when they ' re making their . " making their ? " patty we ' re not talking about on guard duty what the hell is that ? i . need . to . know . " " i ' m guessing you already have an idea sir . maybe you ' d feel better after taking a warm shower and y ' know down for a bit ? meanwhile i ' get lieutenant colonel to talk to you if that ' s what you want . " i my breathing and my resolve . " please do . " xb xb patty was right i mused as i dried myself off . a warm shower really does do you . on a clean set of clothes i broke into a brisk jog to ' s bunk . " morning sir ! " i almost instinctively a good morning before i caught myself . glancing at the direction of that exceptionally cheery voice i saw standing at attention arm tight into a smart salute . almost caught me off guard . " what mighty fine weather we ' re today huh . did you have fun last night sir ? " he ' s still trying to goad me into a reply . willing myself to drone out his voice i broke into a full on sprint until his voice off behind me . something is seriously wrong here . xb was his when i his room . " rough night ? " i wordlessly rolled up my and brought the to his face . " what do you think ? " " i think ya the and now yer realizing the . look i was against opening this role to in the first place . but that decision ' t mine to make . if ya ' t up to the task i can write in to the chief and resort yer posting . " " how the hell are you so calm about this ? why haven ' t you informed anyone or even a exorcist ? " he shot me a steely eyed stare and " rule number . " " what does that have to do with anything ? and what the is rule number even ? " " look . i ' been in the force for and i all of them in this base . moving up the slowly before i took command . i read yer file . yer a scholar being for success short in multiple different along with the that come with those . hell ya probably end up a general some day . " he before my shoulder . " to ya this will probably be a short tour as a before ya get and to another location . but for me its different . for the people in this base it ' s the only thing we ' ever known . read through all our . most of us have been in this base our entire . as the ya need to be the one fixing these . if ya can ' t do that don ' t . let one of the take over . go take a cushy role in . don ' t let these lose anyone else . " is that a tear welling up in his eye ? " i . . . i ' m sorry . i guess some part of me still thought the were part of a hazing process . " it was like he said . i ' t take the situation seriously and i up big time . but i sure as hell ' t going to let some ungodly creature stop me from doing my job . " i ' m not going to give up on this role just because some brat made me piss myself . i ' m going to do what i can to lead these men to the best of my . " " well know . ya got some backbone in ya . i respect that . but it ' s take more than pretty to last here . ya need resolve . breaking some ' t just end with just scratches on ya arm . " his trouser revealing a large gnarly scar that the entirety of his right shin from his to his . what the ? " sometimes breaking the take a large chunk ya . and sometimes ya got no choice but to break some . and . " my conversation with gave me glimpse of whatever twisted fate that me . and yet for some reason it ' t fill me with existential dread or the need to lubricate the of my with piss . it just me want to do something about this place . as i back to my office patty was waiting for me . " so . . . are you leaving sir ? did lieutenant colonel make ? " " no patty . i ' m and neither hell nor high water is going to stop me from what i set out to do . " " wow sir ! color me . well if you are going to stay we are going to need to do something about the you broke . " right . the i ' already broken . " well ' s an annoying prick so i won ' t be making that same mistake again . the only problem is what i ' m going to do with the brat . " " about that sir i have an idea . . . . . " xb my phone with a text from patty . xb " sir its time now " xb sure enough my watch to tell me it was now . patty ' s genius idea was to intentionally break rule number and directly confront the entity that was the . although i ' m more worried about the grandmother . . the cool sea breeze blowing in my direction sent down my spine . what am i even doing ? here i was standing alone in the basketball court at midnight . well at least it ' s not the most dangerous thing i ' done . sure enough i it . thump . xb thump . xb thump . the thumping of the ball the ground stopped when it to be behind me . trying to calm my racing heart i took in labored . xb " do you play ? " xb steeling myself i . xb " catch ! " xb the whoosh of air told me the brat had thrown his ball toward me and i instinctively turned to catch it . the ball was slick with some kind of fluid and surprisingly fuzzy . as i around looking for the brat it nearly slipped out of my . wait something ' s wrong . the ball was way too hard and way too heavy . how the hell did he make the thumping sound with such a weird fuzzy ball ? and that was when the sickening realization hit me . praying that my gut was wrong i my breath and slowly down . xb in my was the brat ' s head . his mouth in an impossibly wide grin black as obsidian staring straight into mine . where his neck should have been were bloody and jagged of flesh . and then the brat spoke . " now run . run before grandma you . when i was thirteen my family was . the killer went from room to room in my home my family in the early of a morning in june of . my father was first neck sliced wide and deep as he drank his first cup of coffee . my sister was next a pillow over her face as she lay sleeping in her room the bed and floor were covered in bloody by the time the knife was done turning her head into a crimson ruin . my mother in the shower a jagged piece of metal pipe being through the shower curtain and her torso with enough force that she was left pinned to the far tile wall like a butterfly . i was away at band camp that summer and t due to be home for another week . i was up water in the bathroom when i saw my aunt at the door red rimmed and voice trembling as she told me something had and i to go with her . i knew right away it was something terrible but as she told me the of of what had that someone had come into our home and my family i felt myself from everything her . the next few days were just a red haze of shock and pain and my first clear are over month after i d in with aunt and her husband . they were good to me i with school and for afterward but they were always patient and kind never failing to give me second and third until i ran out of for them and myself . they never found out who did it or why . my t wealthy or connected . they t have or that i knew of . and while it was always possible that the were just random the precision of it all t seem like the work of a deranged spree killer . in high school i spent the theory that it was a local serial killer but that was mainly by desperation and bad research . i to catch their killer but even more than that i to understand why it had . maybe they d never give an answer but if i could at least put a face and a name to the person that my life it d be a start . but that never came . i wound up going to an art school for college and between work classes and all the that come with becoming an adult my obsession to fade . i m ashamed to say it but there are days now where i don t even think about the family that was taken from me . i work at an animation studio in the restoration department . my job is to repair and restore old or footage for and when possible transfer the version to a digital format for both and archival . a lot of people hate that kind of work it s tedious and while it a lot of money for the company its not flashy like working on new digital or special effects . but me ? i love it . i get to take that people once had about and spent a lot of time on that might otherwise rot away or be lost and i get to heal them . make them new and alive again . some people just see them as dumb but i disagree . and if you d me last week i d have said there t a better job in the whole world . the package was sitting on my desk last . brown paper wrapped around what like the shape of a small film reel and tied with a piece of grey string . it was strange but only a little . while most of the work we did was for looking to re distribute old assets they or had acquired on disc or streaming occasionally a private owner with deep would commission us to restore something they d found in their attic or something . it t make any difference to me where it came from . it was something new and mysterious a potential new challenge or the opportunity to see something few had ever seen before at least not for a very long time . sitting down my coffee i carefully the package and out the reel of film . i for some kind of note or but there was none . that was strange . i up to department but they t know what i was talking about at first . when they back a few later the woman just said it was apparently a personal package off for me not anything for a client . there was a edge to her voice but i it her and hanging up before turning back to the film . it to be well . no or and spot a few no obvious of color shift or fading . it was just some kind of strange cartoon with an odd figure holding various sinister . i t know why but my heart had begun to beat faster . normally i would document and copy each frame before to play an unknown film it s to easy to miss that can cause damage when its run through a projector . but this t a real job and i d seen just enough in those few that i to watch the whole thing right away . so i locked the door to my office . threaded the film into one of the mm in the media room . and watched in horror at what to play . the cartoon without any title or preamble . it simply an animated figure wearing a hooded or jacket entering into a house . there was no sound but the of the character the fluid exaggerated of in the s and s like in him along as he snuck into someone s home . the figure went to the kitchen first . there he found an unsuspecting man sitting at the kitchen table reading a book while from a cup . the figure crept up behind him waiting patiently perhaps gleefully until the man sat down his coffee . then in one slow and fluid movement he the man s forehead and it back while a comically large straight razor across his neck . cartoon blood out across the table and the far wall but the figure and camera were already on the move again . the the crude nature of the animation should have made it easier to watch but it t . the killer was still moving with exaggerated sneaking but now his chest was heaving with either exertion or excitement . as he to the back hall i knew what was coming but there was nothing i could do to stop it . the figure into my sister s bedroom . she was supposed to be going to college in the fall and after that to veterinary school . she was sweet and smart and beautiful and i her so much . on the film the girl s body was as the killer the pillow he d over her face again and again . when he was done he on to the master bedroom and the bathroom beyond . blue of steam boiled out from behind the shakily shower curtain as the figure toward the camera as though telling the audience to wait a moment or keep quiet so they t alert his prey . partially his he produced a long piece of pipe with a sinister edge on one end . in real life something so large would have been impossible but in the cartoon logic of the film i barely registered it before all thought was driven from me . as he drove the pipe through the curtain and into my mother . drawn of blood shot out across the wall and down into the tub while a small pale hand pitifully from beyond the edge of the curtain . i was gripping my so hard my but i t look away . when the screen went blank i let out a breath thinking it was finally over . my mind racing . who would have sent it to me ? the killer ? after all this time ? someone else ? someone a sick prank by taking what to my family and turning it into a cartoon ? neither to make much sense but i to the film back to life . it was in a room that had been drawn with more care and detail than the that had it . in the center of the frame was a pool of moonlight from a nearby window and in that glow a cartoon boy slept a sleep . it was clear from the flowered comforter and the ornate porcelain on the bedside tables that this t a little boy s room . it was a guest room meant more for decoration than company and it had been hastily prepared in the face of some unexpected calamity . i that room . it had been my bedroom until i went to college but it t been decorated like that after that first after that first night . this was the first night i was with them . the night after my family was . i as the hooded figure suddenly from dark at the moon glow s edge . he over the cartoon boy with almost theatrical malevolence and for a moment i him to speak or perhaps even kill that past cartoon version of me . instead a dark tongue out of the of his hood trailing up the side of the cartoon boy s face and ruffling his hair . where the tongue had traveled there was now a deep red mark left in its wake . the killer raised up his shaking silently in what might have been laughter and then the film went dark . as it did bright wet pain seared across the side of my face and up into my scalp . out a scream i ran to the bathroom to wash my face . there must have been something on that film or some contaminant from somewhere and i was a reaction . i to wash the area thoroughly and then check in the mirror to see what it was the mark . the mark from the cartoon . it from the side of my face like a birthmark or old burn . but that that t possible . i t have any or . never had that i knew of . i soap into my hand and feverishly scrubbed at the spot . it t hurt any more but i could quickly feel the skin growing raw under my attack . forcing myself to stop i off the soap and put a cold damp paper towel against the mark . maybe it was just a rash and would go away . i back into the other room to find that the screen was still dark though the reel continued to turn with no of running out of film . i was moving to switch off the projector when the connected crackled to life . a single distorted phrase out of them like a cloudy poison before the machine on its own . be seeing you . i spent and continue to spend a far portion of my life hanging around in than probably anyone aside from an actual grave digger . as such i had more than my fair share of odd whilst wandering amongst the . one of these graveside when i was a in the mid s . by then i was already spending as much time as i could in the cemetery its size and beauty the equal of any of our city s but with the benefit of being by far . but as much as i it there it t a perfect sanctuary . other sometimes sought out its privacy for their own often less than innocent and on several i was verbally by other or cat by . i was very timid and sensitive when i was younger so i never stood up for myself . i always and each time my intimate familiarity with the grounds let me plot the best escape and seek the best my until they eventually grew and abandoned their quarry . it was enough to make me investigate the possibility of any other in town i just t know about yet and if they might offer more seclusion . my search led me to saint aria s old church the first catholic church in that the local parish had used until the growing population had that they build a cathedral . the church was eventually abandoned altogether left to deteriorate on the of town along with its attached graveyard . the prospect of an abandoned cemetery where i could loiter about undisturbed was enticing enough for me to check it out . i t drive yet so i took the bus as close as i could and travelled the rest of the distance on foot . that alone made it a hassle since my parent s house on hemlock court was right beside cemetery i had grown up with that beautiful graveyard right outside my bedroom window . when i got to saint aria s churchyard i t help but feel a little disappointed . it was at most one percent the size of its dull and grey haphazardly together and where the plant life t overgrown it was dead . i knew immediately that there was no way it could ever replace for me but while i was there i figured i might as well investigate a little bit . a spent a few around the derelict and when nothing particular caught my attention i decided i might as well peek inside the church . i been a for a little over a year now and before that i was an apathetic agnostic but i have always the aesthetic of . the imposing gorgeous glass and warmly make for a rather distinct and iconic visual experience . staring at the outside the church was far humbler than the grand saint aria s cathedral and obviously in a pretty pathetic state of disrepair with and shingles sliding off the roof . however since it t look like it was about to collapse just yet i around to the front to see if they would open . the were a bit sticky but i the left door open easily enough . the inside of the church was dark and dusty and i had to wait a moment for my to adjust before i could see anything at all . as my slowly to the darkness i to make out a looming figure standing by the pulpit . my normal anxiety into overdrive and all of the most horrible why someone might be alone inside an abandoned church rapidly through my mind . i to back up slowly that they t seen me and that i might be able to make a quiet exit . without warning the figure ranting gibberish at the top of their passionately their arms about like they were giving a zealous sermon . i and ran out of the church and i t stop running until i made it back to the bus stop where i was still sobbing uncontrollably when the bus . that was about fifteen ago now . i ' grown a lot since then as a person and in particular my practice of witchcraft not only greatly my confidence but also cultivated an interest in the numerous paranormal in and around my . during my deep into local and lore i discovered that i m not the only one to have had a close encounter with a mysterious figure in that church . he s known as the mad monk of saint aria s since other people s with him were pretty similar to my own a solitary individual preaching in to dark and empty . only a few people to have ever the monk that he strange supernatural to fend them off when he did so . the local police department officially the church a few times but have never found anyone or any of habitation . they the legend to with multiple of mental illness and drug addiction seeking solace in the old church over the . that was certainly a possibility but my personal experience at the church left me wondering if there might be more to it . i decided to go and take another look at the place with my recently clairvoyance and knowledge of the occult hopeful that they might unveil something everyone else had . my is a more experienced witch than i am so i of course considered inviting her along but i decided my first trip should be a solo one . i d go scout it out and if there was something of interest i d bring her back and if not then there d be no point in wasting her time with it . i may be weird but i m not take my on a date to an abandoned church for no reason weird . i went on the first nice night in . i chose to go at night because the veil is a little then and my clairvoyance is a bit plus i figured there was less of a chance of drawing attention to myself at night . i my shiny cherry red corolla in front of the derelict church all the more ominous in the fading twilight and beneath a cloud shrouded moon . this was by the general sense of unease that most would feel when alone on a dark street though for me that was at least by my ability to sense the presence of people nearby . i to take a scan of the area the astral realm with my naked consciousness sending out through earthly and the information bounce back to me . blessedly nothing was out of place except for the church . it was a black box to my clairvoyance which by itself was extremely . i ' d read about psychic dead in my occult but this was the first one i ' d personally . maybe i should have it safe and gone back for then but i was so excited that i my staff from the back of my car and hurried straight to the church s lofty front . just like the first time i slowly the left door open and inside . this time my were already to the light level and i saw the entire church lit by of silver moonlight gleaming of dust slowly churning within them . a bronze crucifix ever so slightly but everything else was dull and grubby from of neglect . wood and concrete debris and dead leaves the floor most of the paint had off the and virtually every surface . that last one struck me as odd since the outside of the church was immaculate pun intended . why would people only vandalize the inside ? i stepped across the threshold to get a better view and the instant i did my clairvoyance went entirely dark . i could no longer sense anything with my mind alone being left with only my physical . that was scary but not unexpected . i knew it t me it was the church and i d be fine as soon as i went outside again . the price of exploring a psychic dead zone was that i d be restricted to doing so by non psychic which was logical enough . i on the led on the top of my staff and lit up the church like i was in . it was a surprisingly bright little doodad or at least it so in the darkness of the old church . i and and possibly scurry to their while i was momentarily blinded by the light . when my once again i my staff at arm s length and went to inspect the on the wall . it t what i had been at all . it was all dark red like blood and for all i knew it was blood . nothing was in either but rather all jagged and that i t recognize . even though i t read them they made me uneasy . they just angry and aggressive and they gave off a like they were meant to communicate a degree of hatred and malevolence that no human language had for like the mind they had come from was deranged beyond any clinical definition of madness . the feeling of dread only grew as i swept my light across the room and saw that i was completely surrounded by the strange . as i the light the to dance and pulsate in the and my picked up a faint omnipresent sound that just might have been fraught . i should have it quits then . i should have ran back to my car and sped away as fast as i could but my curiosity got the better of me . that church which had once been to the god of had been into a temple for a very different god . i had to know more . i backed away from the and into the center aisle making sure i had a clear path to escape in case i it . i now turned my attention to the pulpit where i had seen the dark figure preaching all those ago . i carefully the front of the church my staff tightly in my ready to fend off any attacker . as i and my light forward the spun in an unnatural counter clockwise motion and shortening over and over again at a speed with each footstep for far longer than the small church should have . this was extremely and i to feel my head grow light and my falter beneath me . i forward a few more until finally dropping to my by the altar as if i were communion . i forced myself to look up and above me i saw a void that had not been there before . it was a chasm in reality with no clear boundary its and at the of my vision . within the indescribable spatial of the void i beheld a leviathan a vast languishing in its alien abyss . it vaguely a sperm cell with a long tale and oblong head except completely covered in bristly blood red . six long spindly radiated out from around its head and in the center was a single cyclopean eye . it was sickly yellow bloodshot and had a narrow vertical pupil running down its center . a deep reverberation that was not quite a sound crossed the border between our two and i knew that i was in this monster s gaze . it saw me it me and i t summon the strength to move . i tried to speak to scream something but i could barely muster a whimper . i saw its down towards me and i my mind as best as i could on the mother goddess my goddess in the that the beast could hear my . if this thing was a god of some kind then it would at least be hesitant to harm the follower of a fellow deity . unfortunately i felt no hesitation from the nightmarish creature its still quivering down towards me eager to have me in its grasp and do as it . hey ! el ! a man s voice from behind me . i tried to turn my head but found myself unable to move my gaze from the creeping abomination drawing towards me . remember our deal ! this is a catholic church and we play by catholic ! there are no catholic . you leave her be ! if you re in the mood to make a sermon you take me ! the gaunt slightly in their descent at the sound of his voice . the pupil of the eye slightly as it its gaze back and forth between myself and whoever stood behind me . finally settling on the man it another bellow and shot its through the void . suddenly freed from its influence i spun around to see an aging man his hair and beard both long and unkempt and his clothing ragged and frayed . i ' t see the void or the but the man was now ranting in and waving his arms about exactly as i from all those ago . i to scream and run away again of course i did but this time i also to understand what was happening . so with my staff once more in my as the only protection i had i up my neck gaiter took a seat well out of spitting distance of him and to the sermon . the he they t just foreign to me they were wrong . they t sound like any noise a human should be able to make . more than that i was struck with the impression that the they were intended to convey were not any human mind could think . it was obvious that the man was not in control of himself but was being used as a puppet by the one eyed . it was speaking at me but not to me thank goodness . i was merely an audience for it . it was horrible listening to such an unintelligible cacophony whilst under the gaze of an equally horrid abomination . i to help the man i did but i knew there was nothing i could do against such raw alien power . thankfully the sermon barely a quarter of an hour before the man gurgling and then against the pulpit for support seemingly once more in control of his . he up to see i was still there . no one s ever sat through one of my before he catching his breath . i must be improving . what the hell is that thing ? i fretfully . he me more closely for a moment as he considered his response . you re a witch right ? he . i to open my mouth to ask why he would think that but then i was wearing a hooded cloak long dress pentagram amulet triple moon belt buckle and i was holding a glowing staff . ah yeah . i guess i m not exactly subtle about it i . i m by the way . he as he down at the other end of the pew a few down from me . well those old you worship they re actually young . or at least their are . they re and sustained by mostly human thought which is why they re so comfortingly human . the god i was preaching for is much much older . it was first given form by the most primitive consciousness from the first single celled . it s been slowly shaped and sustained by the most basic of from all the innumerable that have over the past four billion . it s of times older than our and an embodiment of the most primal of biological to feed to grow to multiply to survive . it more recently been gradually by more complex thought mostly visual which is what the eye but it ' s still very very primitive . " but it can speak . it was speaking through you i . not exactly . it s more like i was speaking for it that its were being into something i can understand and communicate . it just t work very well . and these painted on the wall it made those too ? i . through me yes he . but why ? why does a god of single celled speak through you ? what does it have to gain ? i . it like a microbe like a germ . it people and i m infected he half half . like many i m not sure exactly how or when it first but i do know i was searching for god . the supreme god the real god the first and eldest of all divine beyond time and space beyond mortal comprehension the reason for everything . instead i found it el . that the nothing right ? i . i prefer to translate it as the naught but yes he . i call it that because well that ' s what it like more like an absence than a presence more like darkness than light just a god shaped hole in reality that sought to fill the god shaped hole within myself . when i first cast my mind ' s eye upon it it back at me then it me out and with me like a marionette . i was never the same after that though i did live and that s probably more than i had any right to hope for . it s not always in control of me not directly but i can always feel it trying to pry its way into my mind trying to get me to say or do what it which is spreading the infection to . i often can ' t tell where it and i begin . but i learned to live with it to manage it . i chosen the life of a monk its monk to deny it any chance to spread . i trained it with catholic so that now it mostly only direct control of me when i m in here . with rare it only to empty so for now the infection is . i can t get complacent though . like any beast it could break training at any time . so for now i keep it at bay study it and hope that one day i might be able to vanquish it and that no one else ever needs to go through what i have . and you been living like this for ? i in horror . he gave a nod of grim acceptance . is there anything i can do to if you want to help you should leave and think about that thing as little as possible he . fill the god shaped hole within you with your ever pregnant earth mother and horny satyr and hope they are enough to keep el from getting in . i in understanding but still t feel right about just him alone in his fight against this eldritch beast . i into my pocket and out one of s business . my the spiritual wellness center on avenue eve s of esoterica i said as i set the card down on the pew . we re both relatively well learned and experienced with the occult so if you decide that you do need some help either with the naught or more mundane don t hesitate to stop by . he but t move to take the card . with a glance i rose from my seat and ran out of the forsaken church screaming with relief as my clairvoyance returned to me and i felt connected to the spirit world once again . i haven t seen or from since that night . i ' done my best to follow his advice to avoid thinking about the naught lest it the chance to take my goddess ' s place in my heart . i have faith that my mindfulness and spiritual will keep me safe from it and that will remain steadfast in his monastic to keep it confined to saint aria s . however i still felt the need to write down the experience just to get it outside of myself and maybe out of a duty to warn not to seek this being out in any form to deny it the opportunity to infect anyone else . of course there s always the possibility that the desire to share this knowledge t my own but i decided that s a risk i need to take . or at least i think it was me . the story here . xb i shook eric waking him from his fainting spell . he sat up groggily rubbing the back of his head where he d it against the hardwood . what ? he . how to say this ? a lot . he blinked and his the room . then he froze his hand gripping my arm as he up at the man by the river standing before us dressed in his beige ball cap checkered shirt and dirty jeans . the wolf mask he wore of decay and its a faint yellow . it s nearly dark the man said . yeah i know i said irritably . you alright eric ? he from man back to me his mind probably . what s going on ? he whispered . i . it was the truth i had no idea what was going on . when the man had cornered me at the end of the hallway i myself to be torn limb from limb maybe have my teeth made into a nice necklace . instead he d just said it was nearly dark and stood there expectantly . it took me a few before i he t going to attack me and that s when i awkwardly around him and came to check on eric . i don t think he s going to hurt us i said . not that i knew that for sure but i figured if we d this long then we might be in the clear . although i don t really know what his deal is . eric stood steadying himself against me . he studied the man . what if he s warning us ? what if he was warning us back then too ? the book in my mind . the of the . a pulp fiction novel the man had given me during our last encounter back when i was just a . eric had it into one of grandma s moving not even realizing it . if he is then he probably us to read that book . i from the room past the man and tore open the box of . i through it tossing whatever i t need in every which direction . finally at the bottom i found it . i picked it up and ran my over its faded cover . the thing was in pretty bad shape with some of the fused together from water damage during its river crossing . the illustration on the front was of a being by a sea monster . lovely . is this what you want us to read ? i the man . he t move t speak . let me guess i said crossing the room back to eric . it s nearly dark . don t be a dick eric . he out a hand for the book and i it to him gladly . out of the two of us eric was the academic . if there was a mystery to be in those then he would be the one to do it . this thing like it was written in the he said looking over its cover . right down the art style . he the book in his scanning the text on the back and reading it aloud . a compendium of the known to man have long since fascinated the scientific community though their existence is highly here are three great tales sure to frighten and entertain . he his brow his re scanning the text as if he might have something . a moment later he shook his head . this just like an old monster novel . he at the man . is this a prank ? i mean if it is it s pretty good . how d you know we were coming back up here ? the man t speak . eric at me and . i guess . . . we can read it ? sure i said the book from his grip . we read it on the way down the mountain . i stuffed the book in my jacket pocket and made for the front door . the man stepped in front of me . it s nearly dark he said . you re right and that s our cue . eric let s go . eric at me in disbelief . this is practically what we been waiting for . the are here i mean he incredulously at the man . here he is and he t even trying to eat us or whatever . don t you want to figure this out ? look i said . nobody said we to sort this out tonight . we can take the book do a novel study back at uncle jake s and then come up here with plenty of daylight and piece it all together . a chill ran through me . like the memory of the man the memory of our first night was too and i t ready to face that again . talking was one thing but this therapeutic walk down memory lane had grown a bit too real for my liking . sound good ? eric at me with stubborn defiance . if we had anything from our late grandmother it was our unfailing resistance to our after they d been made up . luckily for me i was more stubborn by a mile and eric knew that . sure enough he folded his arms and sidelong to the window . alright fine he said . we leave tonight but i m not about this we do as you say study that book and then come back . i and i meant it . i this don t get me wrong . it me in all the wrong ways but i d been through enough of therapy and enough money into booze to know that if i t sort this out now then i d either end up dead or bankrupt . i promise you we be back tomorrow . eric waved me off . sure whatever . let s go . i let out a sigh of relief thankful that eric was much more reasonable than myself . alright you us . we be back first thing tomorrow . i gave him an awkward half salute and to step past him but he me by the wrist . it s nearly dark he said . i tried to pull my arm from his grasp but his grip was ironclad . i get that . that s sort of why we want to get the hell out of here . i could feel my wrist bruising as his hand . " get off of him " eric the man ' s and trying to pry them free . i brought my other hand around and did what i could to help but it was like trying to pull apart a vice clamp . " it ' s nearly dark " the man his voice now guttural and beastlike . " it s nearly dark ! " his wolf teeth saliva and his with a wild rage . something dug into my arm and i were growing from his black and horrible piercing into my skin so that my blood ran down them . " stop ! " i certain that any moment my wrist would be ground to dust . " please ! " the man ' s body and he me effortlessly toward his . the reek was overwhelming . i my body in sensory overload . with a violent jerk i felt my wrist snap as he me sideways . my nose against the wall with a dull crunch and pain exploded across my face . i onto my and . my body from the agony my vision and ringing . something onto the floor and i ' t sure if it was or blood . eric rushed to my side . " ! " i him off standing on my own two so that i could look at the wolf faced bastard in the . if this was going to kill us i ' t going to take it lying down . i ' d make him earn it . i dashed into the den eric staring after me . there by the fireplace . exactly what i was looking for . i the fire iron holding it before me with my good hand and rushed back into the kitchen . get behind me eric ! i . we re getting the hell out of here ! eric t move . had he seriously given up ? no it t that it was that his attention had been stolen by something else . he stood gazing out of the four pane window . between my broken wrist and nose i could hardly think past the pain rioting through me but i still found the will to fight . eric ? he was . he . get behind me eric ! he turned toward me his hand pointing hopelessly toward the four pane . out there . my felt weak and for a moment i forgot about my wrist and nose . i forgot about the hurt . what s out there ? clawed at the of my mind and i them down . i to focus . eric back to the window and a moment later an ear splitting roar rang out so loud that i t tell which direction it came from . it felt like it was everywhere all at once . get away from the window ! i . he took a couple unsteady backward . it s starting i turned to the man who stood as still as ever . what the are you doing to us ? i . i brought the fire iron down on him but he it and it aside as if it were a piece of . it s dark he . a thud against the cabin s heavy door . then another . the timber of the entire structure shook dust falling down from the and whatever uncle jake had to take with him to the floor . eric said toward me . it s happening again . i . rushed around me my mind smothered by them . we need to hide i said hastily anxiously . eric was sweating his face a mask of panic . where ? this is where we last time ! then we have to hide somewhere else for sake ! i t know what was happening or why we were this but i knew the man t going to help us . at best he was a neutral party at worst he had kept us here to die . i one of grandma s wooden kitchen and with as much strength as i had in my right hand flung it clear through the four pane window . the front door exploded flying across the vestibule and against the far wall with a deafening crash . something then stepped inside with a thunderous footfall . i t need to say a damn thing . eric had already through the window . he inside and me to get myself up to the sill then i rolled over it and landed in the dirt outside . throwing his arm under my own he me to my . i immediately a tire where it ' t have been with a massive bite mark in it . my to my car in horror . its roof had been in and half of its were . i a moment to look back at the man . he was motionless though it was hard to call him a man . the mask to have fused with his neck and his or were now covered in fur with long dark . his jeans had been torn and he stood upon two curved in the fashion of a bipedal wolf . his as he back at me . we re going to read it ! i at him . i don t know why i did or if he could even understand me . all i knew was that he had given me that book for a reason and whatever was happening was intrinsically tied to it . if there was an answer to this it was in those . i felt myself being dragged away by eric . holy let s go ! " the two of us fled into the our muffled by the of the cabin being torn to . i black out on frequent . i don ' t know why and i ' m too to go to the to see what ' s wrong with me . i can ignore it usually passing it off as just something that to me . every so often my black out . i can ' t see or feel or do anything within my free will . sometimes nothing i ' wake up in the same place i blanked out at . other times . . . other times i don ' t know what to me . it was only recently i these black getting worse . they seem to last longer going from to sometimes days at a time . i sometimes wake up finding myself in a completely unknown location . my mother used to tell me to go to a doctor what i ' m is some weird form of narcolepsy which i . it was easier for me to ignore it than to address it . it ' s only recently that i to share an experience i had because it me up at night . i never got never as a child and certainly not as an adult . i barely dreamt often only seeing static before waking up . the first nightmare i ever got is where my story . i dreamt i was in a completely black room . there was no sound no light nothing . walking around this small black square i was desperate to find the way out . this black room to go on forever i never found a wall or a door or a window . it was nothing . my hand even went through the floor i was standing on . the deafening silence suddenly starting screaming at me a deep guttural scream that forced me to fall to my . the scream ' t come from one direction . . . but it to be coming from everywhere around me . my heart was pounding out of my chest as the screaming stopped . it dissipated into the thick silence around me . formed in my as i felt like i was being watched . there was nothing around me but i ' t feel completely alone . " get up " a voice as suddenly as it . i spun around to find its owner but i was once again met with a thick black wall of nothingness . " who are you ? " i out in some vain attempt to call the voice out from its spot . a giggle filled the room . " it ' s my turn to play bitch " the laugh as nothing more than a whisper then into the same guttural scream that me awake . my shot open and i around . i had fallen asleep in my bed but i had in my office bathroom . i fell forward slightly and the sink until the finger turned white . my breathing lost me and falling out my mouth too quickly . how the had i ended up here ? there ' s so much security between my apartment and my office building . . . but getting here like it was easy . my were torn and . oh god i think it ' s blood . i look down and see my bloody leading to the spot i was stood in . i to get home . running down the city streets with bloody torn up and was a sight to behold to all the people staring at me as i ran home but i just kept running only stopping when i was inside my apartment . i the door and against it . my breathing was heavy and irregular as i fell down against the door . that voice in my nightmare around my brain . " it ' s my turn to play bitch " it was eerie and ghostly . . . but also vaguely familiar . i feel like i the voice but ' t place the face behind it . i and sat on my bed dripping wet and only dressed in a towel . " i told you . . . it ' s my turn " i out . i the voice before i out the same voice from my nightmare . i suddenly woke standing in front my bedroom mirror . i was naked but my hair and skin were dry . i was holding a razor blade in my hand with it tautly against my chest . it had made the of before i threw the blade against the mirror . i ' t breathe . whatever was happening to me was in complete and utter control . " oh my god " i as i at the sunlight off the edge of the razor blade . i look up in the mirror and see my skin look pale and in blood . my were bloodshot and full with . the like they were in on me like they were going to crush me in an instant . " help me " it came out so helplessly and weak but it was so loud in my own mind . i ' t black out again for but i was on edge waiting for that voice the voice that control . i was getting as it got later and later and i was getting tired . i ' t want to go to sleep . i paced my entire apartment in a feeble attempt to stay awake but the human body always . so in an effect to stop whatever took over me i my arms and to my bed with made of random crap around my house . they were taut and strong enough to hold me down . once i was convinced i was safe i hesitantly myself to drift off to sleep . i ' t dream only seeing static . i felt the relief flood my body whatever it was is gone . suddenly my body was cold and wet . i my to see the of my brother . his wide and out of his head . his skin was in blood and my were wrapped tightly around his throat . he gave one final breath as his body went limp in my . i flung myself backwards with a scream and saw the blood bath that surrounded me . the were coated with thick blood dripping and falling from the ceiling . my father s body hung from the light in the of the ceiling with the front of his body torn completely open . his were hanging out of his stomach . i look over and see my mother in her rocking chair in the corner of the room . she ' t moving and a small drop fell from her lifeless . i ' t want to see what to her but my were moving before i could register myself moving . her face was gaunt and ghostly white . she was drained of blood with her blood being used as some macabre painting tool . her throat had been torn out and thrown across the room . my screaming filled the silence of the house i ' t breathe and the horror of the room was being burned into my mind s eye . my whole family been and for no reason . formed in the distance and soon the blue and red . my scream broken and crackled . all the air in the room had left my and i fell to my . gasping and choking on air i up . oh how i wish i ' t up . i wish i just thought it was me who ' d done it that i was guilty of killing my family . i thought i could cope with that thought more than i could deal with what i saw in my mother s dressing table mirror . i saw my reflection . she was standing naked and dripping in blood . her body was decorated with and of fire and destruction . her smile was wide and her teeth pointed . filled my as her arm . she pointed to my parent s wardrobe without her ever leaving mine . written in blood on my parent s wardrobe was . . . " it ' s my turn to play bitch " my town is in rural canada . my town is warlock not the real name . we have a set of that every person must follow to stay alive . rule if you hear whistling from am hide under your or in your closet . rule never go outside between am under any . rule never talk to or acknowledge a man " uncle " rule always keep your and locked at night . rule if uncle on your door say hello . he will ask you to step outside . tell him that you are " too busy today " and close and lock the door . rule if you break any of the above uncle will come for you . there is nothing you can do to stop him . as a my made sure to always make me follow the . i did as they and i never really gave it a second thought . until one day . i believe i was old . i was walking to the local market when a man wearing a brown trench coat and yellow hat came up to me . his were pale and he was around foot . he came up to me and said he was uncle . he me what i was doing . my na i . i the . i turned around and back to my house hearing a loud deafening screech behind me . my the commotion and let me inside the house . i loud and a loud thud on the door . my what i did . i told her everything . i was lucky . if i had said one more word i would ' . after that encounter i was always cautious of my surroundings living in fear that uncle would kill me any moment . my next encounter with uncle was when i was . my were at work and i was home sick . knock knock i over to the door where the thing that had my the last three was waiting . i thinking now was my time to die . i to get out hello . " please step outside child " . his voice was unlike anything i have ever . it like the devil was calling out to me . " too busy sir " i barely out . i the door and locked it . i ran up my and under my bed . it was dead silent . i don ' t know how long i was under there until my found me crying under my bed . my father grew increasingly worried that i would break a rule so he always kept a close eye on me . especially when one of my close during a winter night . that loss hit me pretty hard . i am now have my own home and haven ' t seen uncle in . i almost forgot about him . but days ago i saw uncle staring into my home . same with yesterday . i have also knocking on at night and also whistling . i will keep you . hello all my name is . i am writing this while in the temporary safety of my tornado shelter . i live out in the country . there is only a handful of out here . i had always been into the horror genre . i watch horror read scary . i love the feeling of terror . but not when i witness it . late at night i woke up . this was the first time in forever that i woke up in the middle of the night . you know that feeling that something is off even though you don t know that it is ? it felt like that . i had a instinct that was telling me to check downstairs . i did so and found nothing . i to glance outside and saw a figure . a humanoid like figure . but it t human . it had large sharp on it s hand . it t even have or . it just stood there . so did i . i t take my off of it . i was in shock . i t want to go outside and go to it that would be stupid . so i quickly and ran upstairs and my . rifle and my ammo . i locked my self in my room . i the glass door shatter and furniture being thrown around . i quickly my dresser and bed against the door . i am a fairly big guy so it really t take that much force . i then shut the window and the to cover the window . i my rifle and made sure it was fully . i was shaking and . i t comprehend what had just . as i was trying to figure out what the hell that thing was . i a ear piercing screech . i my rifle and that thing must of the noise and came running up the and it like a stampede of . it pounding on the door scratching at it . i knew that door t last that long . so i my rifle the window and silently out of it . my room was above the patio . luckily yesterday i was painting the outside of the house and i left the ladder there . in a panic while climbing down the ladder i slipped and fell . the ladder came down with me the side of my shelter causing a loud bang . i knew that the creature it . i quickly picked myself up and my shelter . while going inside of it i the running . i quickly and locked myself inside of the shelter . it instantly starting at the entrance . i have plenty of canned food and water that would last me a good year . but i would go completely insane in here by myself . while thinking and trying to calm myself i that i forgot my gun . i cussed myself out in my head . i will post a update when something . murphy is my best friend . we the army at the same time and went through basic together . it was awesome when we got assigned to the same duty station after a . i . t . we been through thick and thin together . i can t let him die . if i can just get to him i know i can save his life . it s just that my t working right . as i look out at the smoke and chaos gunfire nearby . the enemy is here and confusion torn our unit apart . scattered and unable to identify the enemy we had no response ready . the enemy took advantage of that . if i could just make it to murphy i know i can revive him . i reach my hand forward and claw my way across the tarmac . the smell of gunpowder and blood my nose and for a moment i feel dizzy . i know i was hit but how bad ? a grenade goes off nearby rocking me to the hot pavement . i can hear screaming . murphy can this situation if i can just get to him . if i can revive him . i hope he is still alive . resigned to low crawling across the airstrip i can see murphy lying on his side . his helmet is a few away . did he get shot ? i try to remember what but i am going into shock . the pain over me and i fight through it . i can t fail . murphy needs me and i need him . when the meteor fell we were all excited . this was some serious . on the way there we over the roar of the engine and tried to learn what was going on . nobody really knew . we were disappointed when we got there though it was nothing more than a rock about the size of a . we established a perimeter and guarded it until the could get there . god what a boring detail that was . twelve later we had it loaded onto a car truck a vehicle thing . what was it ? i can t remember . everything is foggy . i must have been hit hard . it s difficult to see now as the blood into my . i must have a nasty head wound . head wounds are bad for business . focus ! i crawl forward again i have to get to murphy he s my best friend . he can help me and i can help him . the object was nothing interesting at all . until we got it onto the airstrip it had been completely inert . as we were out how to move it onto the c it to pulse . i remember clearly how we were all writhing in pain from the sound and the pressure inside our . i remember waking up and a clear purpose . chaos but i knew what i had to do . scientist were going to study this thing . i t let them . i threw a grenade at it . i threw a grenade ? no . threw a grenade . why ? my pulse in my and i could tell my strength was fading . i had to get to murphy before i out . i knew i t wake up again if i . it was the sound . we all at our as the sound us dropping us to the ground . i remember something pouring out of the space rock like red sand . or was it a gas ? tiny ? it was hard to focus through the pain into my skull . i remember falling to the ground . a grenade went off the exploded . i saw grant turn and shoot . holy is dead . i don t understand what ? now gunfire again nearby and again i hear screaming . i have to get to murphy . i m close now . i can see that he is breathing . it like he is unharmed just unconscious . better for him if he stays unconscious . i use my to pull myself up and out of the wound in the human s head . shrapnel from the still sticks out of his skull . i m lucky it me . climbing down the human s face is easier once my four rear are free . i learned a lot from this human . i learned what a security clearance is and who it . i also learned that not every human the same skill level . this murphy will be a good fit for our task . he is my best friend after all . instead of entering at the mouth i use my to pull his ear open . it all four to hold the ear open enough for me to get my head in . then my begin biting and tearing through the ear canal . making it for my long slender body to writhe into . the going is difficult but i use my middle set of to pull me in and my back set of to push . when i get to the it is easy to take control . saved me . he was my best friend in basic . we been through so much together it s hard to believe he s dead . i don t like to see him there with a piece of shrapnel jutting out from his skull like that . i can t believe he was able to make it across the airstrip to me with his body failing like that . i look around and see five of us made it . these are my . we been through so much together . our next step is to make more . grinning wickedly at each other we begin the process of loading our hive onto the c . next time we will drop it on the pentagon . yes we will make a lot of that way . when i was a child we had five lawn out in our front yard . they had always been there as far back as i could remember . they were old chipped by the sun and they the crap out of me . the biggest one was right in the middle of the yard . my grandmother who was during this story and had gone mute some prior a little before i was born spent her entire day staring out the window at them . most nights she slept in her bed but there were some nights when she would absolutely refuse to be led up to her room or let my mother close the window . she d have and threw like a little child . one time she hurt herself and ever since then if my mother a fit starting up she would just leave her there all night with the open to stare out the window . we d leave a small night light on for her until someone snapped a picture of her and it with the title the staring old lady on pine street . then we leaving her in complete darkness . there is always that weird house or person on every street or neighborhood that people whisper about and create tall tales over . in our neighborhood it was our house and the staring old lady . made fun and picked on me in school over it but i t care . i knew my grandma was harmless and i even into the . maybe because my house was the center of a tall tale and i saw how ridiculous and exaggerated the about my grandmother were i never in any of the scary i d around town which here were plenty . but i was wrong . something strange was happening in my house . one night on a night that my grandmother to go up to her room i was by running on the roof directly above me . i thought it might be a raccoon or cat . i to fall back asleep but then there were more this time directly outside my window . i was . i the over my head . then i to hear little . they like they were in my room with me . they spoke really fast and to me like the that came out of the stereo when my dad would fast forward a all high and squeaky . i t make out what they were saying but through their speech i my name . squeak squeak squeak peter . your da your da ! squeak squeak is what it like to me . i was but i slowly brought the down and i saw at the doorway the silhouette of two lawn . i a scream and as soon as they saw me they turned awkwardly and ran all lopsided down to the living room . my heart was racing but somehow i the courage to follow them . at the living room the front door was open . i quickly closed it . i turned my head to my grandmother s chair but she was gone . then i a soft music coming from outside and when i out the window i saw lit by the vibrant moonlight directly were the biggest gnome should have been a young couple holding each other swaying with the music happy being circled by four lawn who were dancing and tiny . the moonlight made it look like a scene from a black and white movie . my grandmother away the next day with a peaceful smile on her face . and outside no one how or from where a new female gnome settled in and to this day fawningly up at the big gnome in the middle of our yard . my childhood home everyone . before i begin my story let ' s get some perspective . i must ' been around at the time living a genuinely standard life with my year old brother harry and my year old sister living on a bleak council estate in your average low income house . my both working however on an incredibly low wage therefore life ' t the easiest . one scorching hot morning before school my sister and i are getting our school uniform ready breakfast and doing our undeniably boring to the complete shock of my mother when we start to hear what like my mum ' s bedroom door open it a very distinct noise like a rusty nail being dragged along a chalk board however we thought nothing of it and went to school as normal . the following morning we did the exact same as the previous morning however clumsily left her homework she had been assigned to complete on the aged oak computer desk in my bedroom . much to ' s she dragged her and nervously went upstairs retrieve it . precisely a minute since my sister very unwillingly went upstairs it was at this point i a penetrating scream leak from my mouth by her bolting down the at full speed . her up as to stream down her her face was completely drained of colour and all i could see was terror behind her sunken damp face . after school the same day i decided to question on what actually upstairs she and politely the conversation but i ' t going to let this slide i had to find out what the soul out of her innocent body . finally after a few more she herself and to go into it all in vivid detail . loudly and then told me what she saw she could only describe it as a washed out pale emotionless face and falling apart with a demonic gaze topped off with sinister grin from ear to ear revealing his broken smile in ghastly over in the of the room . i almost her sanity is she really seeing this figure or is she just trying to freak me out ? a few and i was still convinced that my sister was trying to spook me . however to change the house cold and uncomfortable to be in . one morning around am i woke up to a slight noise in our upstairs hallway reluctantly i shook myself awake and stepped out to the hallway . i towards the parallel to my bedroom door when i felt an shiver quake through my spine like i stepped out into an wasteland i felt on me i could physically feel the stare penetrating my skin i knew something was watching me . i to find anything except a feeling of pure terror coursing through my . it was only when my mum and i decided to ascend into the attic to find out some of our old family and that we found a torn piece of newspaper dating back to the mid s which left us completely like a pair of . " child molester found dead ! " the newspaper headline stated . however it was the picture below that made my stomach begin to swirl . all i saw was his intense glare and extremely unsettling grin from ear to ear . to this day my are still plagued with his presence . the first round of the game left my friend with a nasty scar . the second round had given us an ear that was cut right off someone s head . and the worst part was that the round t even over yet . smile was not a game with no the were strict and the punishment was hard . we simply had to figure out how to play it . the ear that we found lying on the ground next to my window was now safely inside a that we put in the freezer . what else were we supposed to do with it ? we t slept at all but we t sure either what to do next and so we were still sitting in my apartment our next . the map that was left for us was just a regular map of this town no matter how much we we t find any on it . it was early morning by now and the shimmer of sunlight coming in through the window gave me a feeling of hope . at least until i saw the bloodstain that the jester left on the glass last night . we have the damn ear let s just send them a picture and be done with it . maybe you t talk that much . you get terrible he rolled his and in another pain killer . this was the third pill already . hey why don t you tell us why you knew that we had to smile in the photo ? he . our went to who fidgeting with her necklace . why don t you show us the text they sent you ? we re a team after all t we ? got up her expression turned sinister . stayed silent . both of my to have something to hide . it was bad enough that we t trust the game we were so deep into each other was only making worse . before they decided to put me on blast next i brought the topic back to the challenge . we still had a jester to catch . calm down yeah ? let s just figure out this damn game . they both and got up to say something . i through the other on that . i t recognize anyone but what i is how most are rather young . college though there are also a few people who look significantly older . of course there are also the wearing . so underneath the mask they probably look like me right now nicely cut up said as he his to draw a smile in the air . i tried thinking back to yesterday when we were sitting inside the diner . the other people must have been of the game . maybe they were like us and sitting in the diner was a task they received or possibly they were or game . either way it made no sense how they t respond at all to a man dressed in a purple jester costume singing and dancing through the diner . not exactly something you witness every day . how far had this sick game spread already ? hey check this out ! interrupted my . there is a list the . i took the phone from her . we t quite at the bottom but not high up either with our . there were even with in negative . so i guess that s our minus the of . did you check if they took any money off your bank account ? he shook his head . nope nothing gone . guess they my as payment . don t even know what they did to the bottom . yeah i whispered . check this out though . the team that is on number one k . so that they probably been longer than us right ? said . yeah or they done worse in . so you think the jester might be dead already ? one might be we don t know how many there are she said with a dark expression in her . kept through the phone of the game when suddenly something to be . the . they are getting lower . i up to take a look and he was right . more and more were suddenly in the there was constant movement . nobody to be gaining however . i the phone off hand to take a further look . one team had just fallen from k point to negative . . what ? how the hell did they just lose . ? i . what next was even . the group photo of the group to a new one . it had a grey filter on top and the people had deep in the corner of their but opposed to the one of theirs was turned upside down to a frown . did they lose ? carefully . hell what this i but whatever we re not getting to that point . a few and more lost . none as many as team s though . dun dun dun the noise was loud and shrill . i almost the phone out of surprise . it from my and grinding his teeth . i could feel the anger inside of him . you have been patient ! ! round will officially begin in . we t supposed to start yet ! that s why the were ! and up from his seat . do you think so ? i . why else would they only give us the now ? imagine what would have if we sent a photo of the ear . they probably would ours off too . that damn jester tried to trick us added . we still t sure what exactly our next were supposed to be but if this was really true then maybe we had almost the next task . all we to do was wait for twelve and then send them the ear . as we t have any information on what else we could be doing we decided to rest for now . none of us had slept at all and was still in pain . it t take much for to fall asleep . and i tried some more until i t keep my open either . i was out for what felt like forever . when i finally got up the other two were in the kitchen making dinner and chatting . it was nice hearing them be normal with each other again . we sat down to eat and try to distract ourselves but in reality all we thought about was that timer . when it finally the last the three of us were curiously staring at the screen . the camera . it was the back camera but it had some strange filter on top . are we supposed to take another photo ? . i . they haven ' t anything like that . all we had was an ear and a map . had we finished the assignment without doing anything ? wait i got an idea said as she the map we found yesterday . she the phone above it and on the screen we seeing . there were that on four different of the map . three of them at random around town but one of them was far too familiar . it was my street the cross marked my home . round officially begun ! go catch a jester ! or of him ! it s just showing my current location probably right ? i nervously . must be . the other three are all public around town . i don t think so i think they re all seeing it . interrupted her and pointed his finger to the window . me not again . the first thing i saw was the creepy smile of the mask . the person wearing it had their face right on the window and was scratching the glass with their nail . behind him stood two more masked . the wrong smile burned its image into my and brain . the one in the front kept moving his head from left to right and he was humming something in low . did you lock the window when we got back inside yesterday ? whispered . i i think so the put their against the glass and pushing . i swear i thought i had locked the window last night but it gave into their and wide . quickly the knife from the table but the masked people t seem to care . they t even move they just stood there and kept looking at us . they stayed right where they were but we could clearly hear the tune they were humming . dun dun dun ran to the freezer the box and before any of us could act he threw it right over their . the smiling turned around the ear and ran off . i towards the window and locked it . the three of us were breathing heavily and for a moment none of us said a word . i had brought us in some massive danger why the hell did i not lock that window ? finally broke the silence . we had the ear we could have sent the photo we were too slow she whispered . at least we got rid of them . there might be coming though . we should go to those other now and find our own jester i said trying to sound as confident as i could . there are exactly three left . all in completely different of town . i think the best we can do now is split up to maximize our said . i thought about it for a moment . it risky to split up but all were very public and we had no idea if there was a time limit . yeah but stay safe . no risk taking yeah ? take a photo if you spot a jester and that s it . i said . both agreed . the were near the town hall a mall and a bowling center . took the car and drove to the bowling center which was a minute drive away . and i both went to the subway where we each a different line . had the game phone . we agreed that the two morbid were no option . all we d do would be to take a photo and send it to right away so she could it in the game . sitting in the subway i t do much but wait and finally breathe . it would take me about to the town hall . smile ? i a voice behind me . it was a guy about my age i guess with short brown hair . i had him looking at me from the other seat before but i t that he had gotten up . now he was standing right next to me . sorry t mean to freak you . i saw your photo in the game he whispered the last part as he took a seat in front of me . so you re the game ? i whispered . he normal not crazy like the people in front of my window . yeah long story . i figure you re on your way to the town hall too ? are you alone ? he shook his head . my went to different . i have no idea if this is breaking any but we re the hell out . this game is so and horrible and he i don t know maybe we can help each other . i tried to smile . sure if i be of much help though . yeah me neither he i m by the way . . closer and whispering . do you think there are more in here ? i around the wagon . there was an older lady two men in the back and some a few behind us . nobody i recognize . when we at the station of the town hall we were the only leaving the subway . the station was eerily empty and quiet . alright let s go to the town hall i guess ? i doubt he be inside but maybe on the place in front or my arm and pointed to the platform on the other side . i t expect to see him at the station but there was the jester . possibly the same one i saw yesterday but i t be sure of that . he was on the very end and in between us were the . if we to catch him we had to run up all the get to the other side and then run to the end of the platform . but we t need to . all we was a photo . i got my phone but before i could take a picture i someone behind the jester . it was hair grey shirt denim jacket . it certainly like but there was no way he could have made it here before me . he took the subway to the mall . i squinted my to get a better look at his face and i could swear i spotted the smile next to his mouth . ? i . he at me waved and without hesitation he the jester and him right on the . turned around and running up the . i him as fast as i could . there was no sight of anywhere . we got to the other side ran down to the platform where the jester was . i thought was about to take another photo but instead he down . grab my hand ! he towards the jester . i down next to him and pull up the man . with all our strength we got him back on the platform just before the subway made it to the station . the jester got up both of us to the ground with unbelievable strength and ran inside the subway . i tried getting my phone but neither i nor was quick enough to shoot a photo before he . that s when i my phone buzz . we got it we won the round . round patient name j age test gastromancy aka divination by of ventriloquism my last week . she had herself and she to be . she took some slit her and in the bathtub while her favorite song on repeat in the bathroom . i t see this obviously but it s what i was told . she t leave a note . writing about it me i guess . although i don t think there s much for me to do . i everything that i to process and it might sound insensitive but i m not really sad about it . i always had an relationship with my . i t know her well she never really to be a and so i spent the majority of my life with my dad and my step . i only ever really saw my when she to out which usually of going to a movie and not talking to one another or getting and not talking to one another . she t a bad person i guess she just t someone who was meant to have . i her well enough i just t as close to her as i was to my dad or even my step . this is normal i guess . it sense not to feel overwhelming sadness for someone that i t super close to . i always figured she always saw me as more of a friend and so i was a bit to find that she left me everything she had when she . one of those was her home . my lived in a pretty isolated cabin at the edge of a small town . it was about forty five away from my dad s home and i made the drive down there by myself . it was a nice place well furnished and very much my style . as i stepped into the house and around i that maybe we had more in common than i originally thought . i spent the day looking through some of her and out what i was going to keep and what i was going to donate . i did however find it a bit weird to sleep in my dead s bed so i decided to camp out on the couch instead . i m not sure how long i be here . i had a weird dream last night . i was walking through my s house and i found a room in the basement that was filled with wooden ventriloquist . each of the was filled with and each shelf was tightly with . i a few that stood out one that like me one that like my dad and one that like my aunt sherry . it was definitely unsettling to say the least . the room just gave me a really weird feeling even in my dream . it just felt so real that i t shake it . i decided to stay in the living room and in the kitchen for the time being . the dream made me feel like i was being watched and so i closed all the and made sure the and were locked . it s probably just paranoia from being out in the middle of nowhere and in my dead s house . it just take some time to get used to it . i still have some more work to do through all her stuff . once i m done with that i can finally leave . i need to be around more people i think . the isolation is getting to me . this dream did make me think of a similar one i had a few ago . in that dream i was by a puppet that exactly like my . the puppet sat on a stool in the middle of a stage under a spotlight and it told me that it was going to die soon . the room is real . i decided to go into the basement today . i m starting to think my was a bit of a hoarder . her dresser and closet are with clothes and there are even in the spare bedroom with clothes for different . i don t know what it was that me to check in the basement but i went down there anyway . i had almost completely forgotten the previous night s dream and then i turned on the basement light . the room was filled with . it exactly the way that it had in my dream wooden that wrapped around the room and covered all the and were crowded with . they were extremely detailed and a few stood out to me as it was clear who they were supposed to represent . there was one of my dad one of my a cousin our old neighbor and me . my puppet was sitting on a table in the middle of the room the only one that t on a shelf . the basement was surprisingly clean and well lit although it t really do much to get rid of the feeling that i was being watched . all the puppet s me as i around the room taking a look at them . i the puppet that like me last . her blonde hair was in a neat at the top of her head with a blue hair tie . i down at the blue hair tie on my wrist as i my on the table leaning closer to the puppet . she wore a white t shirt and jeans and even had tiny black on her . i also that the puppet had a small tattoo of a whale on the inside of her left arm . the same one that i had . i m starting to feel very unsettled by all of this . i never knew my and i t sure why she had replica s of most of the people that she knew in her life . i tried to look for the puppet that her but i t find it . it t on any of the in the room and it t anywhere in the basement . i in every single room of the house but the puppet was nowhere to be found . i don t know why i thought she would have one that like her but it just made sense somehow . i know that the puppet is somewhere in this house . i found it . i found the puppet that like my mother . i was throwing out some old and random that i found around the house . when i went outside to put the garbage bag in the bin i that part of the ground on the side of the house was partially dug up . i don t know who dug it up but i assumed it was some random animal . i the puppet out of the ground the blonde were dirty and and the rest of the puppet was equally as dirty . i t sure how long it had been in the ground but by the of it it could have been . as i tried to brush away some of the dirt i that there were two very realistic looking on the puppet s arms . i immediately thought about my s death and i wonder if this is some sort of sick joke . but who would do this ? and why ? i ended up leaving the puppet in the ground and covering it back up with dirt and then i went back inside and locked my . i spent the rest of the day on edge . i feel like i m being watched . i need to get rid of the but i can t make myself go into that room again . they re not . the are alive . when i went into the kitchen this morning i saw the puppet that like my only this time it was sitting at the kitchen table . it had been and its hair was neat now and it even had on both its arms . at first i thought there was someone else in the house but there t . the can move by themselves somehow . i know it crazy but i swear they are . i pinched myself i to make sure i t bleeding and i pinched myself hard enough for my to pierce my skin and draw blood . i am most definitely awake and i need to get out of this house as soon as possible . they have to move around the house and my step mother s puppet look alike following me around . every time i step out of a room there it is waiting for me . i know it s trying to tell me something and i know it s bad . i don t want to hear it . i think i might be going crazy . i want to get out of this house but i can t . i can t explain it but it s like i physically can t leave i m not to . i m starting to believe that it s not a coincidence that my mother all these i think they spoke to her too and that s why she herself to escape them . maybe that s the only way out . this afternoon i that the puppet that my stepmother was missing . i was relieved at first thinking for a split second that this was the end of it . and then i saw the puppet in the middle of the road broken and dirty . i saw it through the living room window as i was cleaning up . i outside to get a closer look and it like the puppet had been run over . i picked it up one of the arms that had been broken off and took it back inside . i t really know what to do with it so i set it on the back porch and left it there . about two later i got the call my stepmother had after being run over by a car while she was . it was a hit and run . that s when i decided that i need to get out of the house immediately . there is something wrong with the . i know this insane but they re somehow able to predict death . i m leaving tonight . i don t think i can handle this at all . i don t want to know how people in my life are going to die and i m that i might be next . i tore the house apart looking for my puppet and it s nowhere to be seen . i can t even imagine where i might find it . i don t want to find it at all . may . x aka j . was erratic and paranoid when first brought in . subject that she was going to drown despite being in a room without any water . the subject also stated that the had her death along with her mother s and her stepmother s . x to have seen a ventriloquist puppet that her although no one else was able to see this . when to describe the puppet the subject that it was wooden with clothes similar to what i usually wear and that it even the same tattoo that i have . subject is currently under surveillance and will remain as such until further notice . june x was not in her room this morning despite there being a guard to watch over her . the camera s in the subject s room had been turned off somehow and the subject had to get out . j . was found dead on the morning of june . cause of death was in a bathtub . start off i live in a small city in though i won t specify where for my own safety . it s nothing out of the ordinary though it s got an unusually high crime rate for the area . and is a real issue i had many university interrupted by people telling us about the of being . my best friend a couple of ago . he was one of the people you could know even if he was in some rough . imagine the stereotypical and you d have a close idea of what he like . his sister found him splayed out on his bed with his slashed . she never from seeing that they were pretty close . it was open and shut he d quite obviously himself and that lined up with how he was acting in the before he d himself . he erratic . he woke me up every other night calling me in a panic people were looking through his and rattling his . a week before he he me whispering and sobbing saying there was someone in his room . i just told him to take his and go to sleep . i regret that now . because recently have happening . of course i been in the house all day given current and i had no . no that i anyway . odd a couple of ago . i woke up around four in the morning and i out of my window . as it may sound i saw a man dressed in black standing on the other side of the road looking up at my window . i t have my glasses so i t see his face and when i d finally found them he d ran off . two nights later and i saw him again in more or less the same . and again i t see his face before he left . after that it to escalate . another day and i was curled up on the sofa watching a movie in the dark . my solace was interrupted by someone my front door and rattling it presumably trying to pull it open . it was locked fortunately . this rattling kept going until i out who s there ? and then it stopped abruptly and i whoever it was walking away . it made my blood run cold when i what my friend had said before he . i t sleep much that night . without boring you with the and of these i say that i seen masked at my window more door people watching from the other side of the road all the works . i m starting to think that there might be more to my friend s death than originally thought . i the police a few times but they haven t found anything . i don t know what to do . am i seeing because of sleep deprivation ? maybe the quarantine s getting to me . i update if anything . i everything from my grandfather as my mother would remind me . his easygoing nature his curly black hair his thick build his pot belly his profound laziness his terrible sense of hygiene his lack of ambition . she rarely intended her comparison to be kind . rather any time i to meet her was to guilt me . up until i was and i had him around and such . maybe she had hoped i would change my act if i had occasional of how lived . she never to have any personal desire to see him . each morning before our she would be especially grouchy how she would have to put up with his filth . when we would visit i was instructed to never touch anything or leave her side . she would bring a blanket to spread on his living room couch and she and i would sit on that . she had a bottle of hand in her purse in case we came into contact with anything else . we would talk to for an hour before she would escort me out . she d throw away the blanket in the gas station down the road afterward . i thought was a nice enough guy . he d ask about school and buy me i . i never got to keep these they d get with the blanket but he thought enough of me to do that . his love felt different from the kind i got from . hers was the love that only when i t appreciate it . it s not like i t understand my mother s disdain for my grandfather . he smelled of moth and stuffy and his could never cover his gut . his beard grew in and of food . he always had these long wiry poking from his and they any time he breathed or spoke . even back as a i knew he was gross but he about and me . i stopped visiting him after i away from home but i would call him every once and a while . over the i told him about dropping out of college struggling to find a and working odd . he d always reassure me would be good eventually and that especially when i was feeling anxious . he d ask about too . once i had left home she him maybe once every two . when he it was only fitting that i everything . he left a buck . her rage came out as criticism . she told me not to live off of his money to make a life for myself . she me of moving into his house of taking his . she said i would truly end up like him reclusive lazy and useless . it was the most she had said to me in a few . i her and in . it was a nice house . filthy but nice . t one to take care himself . apart from the living room which he kept clean for and me every room was a mess of trash and . the had more mildew than porcelain and the kitchen was a garbage dump of crusted and . had hired someone to clean his bedroom mainly because his death t a tidy one . i decided to replace him and not much else . my old apartment t much better than his place and my grandfather to get on just fine in the filth . he had made his wealth in stocks which was the only way he bagged my grandmother . that wealth was now mine . i ended up his too . i on my ate delivery did little else . sometimes i the thought of cleaning . in a way i felt connected to him . only the occasionally me . when the black came out of my nose i t . disappointed but not . it was only logical i d inherit them . it was also the only thing i t want . that first month i would pluck one hair a day . was too painful . them out would shoot pain through my nose make me tear up make me sneeze . my nose would swell up too making me terribly congested the next day . what you d expect from thick hair i figured . hair was one habit i to keep but i never made progress . the hair to keep up with me growing longer and . it was hard to breathe sometimes even when i t . i don t get desperate all that much but those made me desperate . i d been nursing a cold at the time and i was sick of being stuffed up . i was determined to push through the pain and get it all . staring down my reflection that day i my tweezers deep into a nostril a clump of and . the tweezers to catch before ripping out the hair . i can only describe the next sensation as something like a prickly neti pot . something tore through the entirety of my nasal cavity and came surging out of my nose . as i fully my arm the sensation continued tunneling inside my head . when the object did clear blood flooded from my . my skull felt out leaving me woozy . i one hand to the bridge of my nose blinking through the blinding pain . looking in the mirror i discovered i no longer had any nose . looking at the tweezer it made sense . covered in snot a centipede like creature in the tweezer s grip . short wiry all along its thin body which had to have been two in length . little prickled its back and it folded along itself as if trying to reach for the tweezers . my heart and my breath coming in shallow quick . of a panic attack . i could feel blood stream down my throat as i to focus on steadying my breathing . the thing swung back and forth at the end of my arm mucus across the bathroom . it came close to my t shirt and i shook it . i to throw up . i to pass out . i t . not with this thing here . i to the toilet and threw the tweezers and creature into the bowl . i could see it hit the water and flail about on the surface before i the lid down and onto the seat . the world spun as i for air . i the toilet handle breaking it off as i did so . through the pounding in my i could hear the toilet flush . i myself rocking back and forth as i to the water run . of sweat and blood onto my . i was still and i t stop it . i tipped forward off the toilet and against the opposite wall as the pressure built in my head . i t make sense of what i was seeing and i t want to faint . my grew fuzzy and i could only hear the toilet water running . a black stream to overflow from the toilet and something against the tile floor . i and tried to push myself closer against the wall . an itch spiraled up my arm and my vision went blank . only a few could have before my consciousness returned . my body and my head still felt heavy my . a puddle of water had collected underneath the toilet and to my . i my to my nose and felt the tickle of hair against the . i t bleeding but i felt a familiar congestion in my skull . in sweat i to the tile and into my . it s been a few since then . i haven t with the tweezers . it still when i go to the bathroom . back then i had made an appointment with the doctor but my nose bleeding after the call and t stop until i had back and . i had to keep my phone silenced ever since . it t like the sound of the screen unlocking . i don t even intend to answer my mother if she which t been a worry since i in . i since learned it t know how to read and it with the sound of . for now just writing this down . it me remember that i have time if i can learn anything from . the haven t been around since the tweezer incident which why i feel less congested at night . my mouth bitter every morning but i can ignore that . the have been harder to ignore . i have a great respect for my grandfather for his kindness and care . i now appreciate the time i had with him more for our . he only on me during them no matter how much his nose . i imagine it t easy for him considering it probably t like company . these days i wonder if i actually my personality from him . maybe he was and braver than my mother made him out to be . i at least know he t selfish in killing himself mainly because i don t think he did . his death a suicide by shotgun and nobody it . my grandfather never any . even if he had i don t imagine any gun could blow off the front chunk of his head and that s it . i can t imagine the headache he had that day . i just that i never go there again . . i haven t thought about the place in the wood and beige pile carpet in that cool basement with its smell of damp and the sliding door that onto the south . and sometimes that grey fleecy cat would catch a mouse and eat the whole thing but for the head and some that he left at the bottom of the so you always had to jump off the last step just in case . since i thought about that . or the big bay window on the second that out over the sudden glory of the ranch that long slope leading down to the and beyond that a huge dun distance leading off to the . in the foreground the red iron arm of the irrigation pump clanking like artillery as it fired off round after round of life into the and behind that running through the scrubland . most of my childhood i spent at least a month out there each summer . a whole twelfth of my life at one point but now the ranch comes to my mind like the memory of a vague dream tinged by a hazy pain like the pain of an injury when you roll onto it in your sleep . why now ? they were good times but not the best bad times but not the worst why should of that place have become so hard to bear ? i tell you about something interesting that out there once . i was i m not sure how old . late enough childhood that my older were starting to hit puberty early enough that i was still a ways away and feeling that vertigo that comes when you first realize the you know are going to grow up and eventually you are too . that summer there were . it redundant to say that today now that the come every summer and paint the inside of western canada s . but back then it was still a rare and ominous thing to watch the sun go down in neon blood . that summer it was just me my aunt uncle and the at the ranch . the religious t in down the road yet though uncle earl and were living in the old farmhouse at the bottom of the property near the . was my cousin too though in my mind he s always under a separate category . it s my and . had come to join us the evening we the first gunshot . my and i were sitting on the trampoline out back watching the dim kaleidoscope of a wildfire sunset when we saw up the hill from the farm house the light bloody in his butch cut hair . i felt my stomach sink at the sight of him . i be honest i t like . he was a year and a bit older and big for his age when i was small for mine . he was and blue eyed like almost everyone out in the interior whereas i was dark enough that people sometimes my if she was embarrassed . i to read to catch and hurt them . actually i take it all back . i t dislike . dislike is the kind of thing say . i and i feared him because i knew if he could ever get away with it he d take the chance to hurt me too . he came in peace that evening though just up to us without saying anything and down onto the trampoline next to my cousin who was a year older than him and i now think who he was a little bit in love with . i know saw a different side of him than the rest of us that he came to her to talk about the in his life i learned about since and that on some level he was just a up who never had a chance . now that we re all i find it hard to hold a grudge . what little i hear about his life me sad and wherever the hell he is and i hope he his way . as an adult s a tragic figure a poor sinner like us all just for the light switch in a room . but as a child and i know this harsh to say but there s no getting around it from my perspective as a child was evil . and i think i m to say that because i was there and i knew him and i was a child too . and when you re a child you can t afford that kind of empathy and circumspection . because as a child you re easy to kill . just the sunset ? said . that s pretty gay . gay was his go to adjective but this time he was just being a piece a for the sake of formality . he was in a relaxed mood spent the afternoon shooting with an air rifle and quite content to watch it with us on a stem of grass . it ' s a nice sunset said . and always conscientious she added and we don t say that word . what word gay ? it s pretty gay not to say gay if are gay if you ask me . we t . and anyway it s only a nice sunset because of the smoke from all the . whoosh . you know how much of the province is on fire ? it s like sixteen percent . all those burning up all the burning up in them . that s what you re looking at . it s dead up there making the sun look so pretty . stop said who was my own age . what s wrong ? he said sitting up to look at her over . he no longer so relaxed . don t like to think about all the burning ? but it s true . and and even . this was meant to hurt all three of the whose family livelihood was but it was a special dig at who was raising a mare through the h club . sorry he said . i forgot you so much and t want to hear about them getting lit on fire until their through . just be careful you know ? and watch out down by the too . you know after what to that chick over in chase . that summer there had been a train derailment in the next town over . the same that through the valley by the old farm house carried millions of of crude from the tar westward to the coast . the railway company the train operator was drunk . the operator s family said he had health which had been by smoke from the and that even though the company had known this they d still put him on an hour shift alone . did you hear about that ? said . the locomotive had on the of chase leading tank into an explosion with an meter blast radius . fifteen people had someone uncle had used to work with at the race track . yeah . we about it . oh everybody about the crash said . some bum fell asleep on the ba dom up and over and after that ? . he spread his arms . i m talking about what to that chick on the horse he said . . what are you doing said . she just sad . but them both he d built up a head of steam and now he was staring at the red completely absorbed into the story he was telling to the point where it was like he d forgotten we were even there . he was telling the story to himself and there was a weird intensity to the way he and spoke through that made the hair stand on the back of my neck . the people to the blast they got whiff just like with . but this chick was riding along the a bit ahead and she had a dog with her a collie just like the one you have . when the explosion came all three of their got together by the and then melted into each other by the heat so that when they found the body they t bury her because she t her and they t put her in a churchyard . so ? he . they had to just leave it by the . by now the sun was gone and the only light that was a bruise on the horizon s cheek . from the balcony above us the triangle rang and aunt s voice out that it was time for dinner . glad for the excuse to get away from we up . just then something over the low rolling purple of the from sunset to the place where the moon would rise . what was that ? i said . don t you know idiot ? said his and a big smile spreading over his face . that was a gunshot . it was twenty later halfway through a dinner of salad and and pickle god preserve us that uncle into the kitchen with a shotgun . he had with him the farm s black border collie but not the huge white maremma sheep dog that was supposed to guard the from coyote . was that you shooting ? said aunt . he said past . there was a wall of farm not gun nut in a room behind and s bedroom i d seen it once and it a ominous kind of significance in my imagination . at least the room was kept locked . down at the house by the had once us the dusty six shooter kept in a on top of one of the . . it s a miracle he never shot one of us . for to elaborate on his but her husband t a loquacious man . my and i a glance . what ? she after him . one of the his response came floating from that back room . something got to it . for the rest of the thought and when it clear nothing else was forthcoming she rolled her and honestly to my before shouting a follow up question . care to elaborate there ? woman what d ya want me to say ? he in the door and we saw that under the ratty plaid he d had over his the old white t shirt his gut was with blood and dirt . something got to one of the and it up language ! scuse me and when i got there the damn thing was still alive and and i had no choice but to put it down are ya happy now ? which horse ? said . not don t worry . which one ? the one with the white hoofs snowshoe ? ? i t know you d all of them but had already fled the room in after a moment my went to check in on her . and luke who was two younger than me had stopped eating and gone pale . not knowing what else to do i just sat there and felt bad . well did you catch whatever did it ? said . catch it ? i got no idea what the hell it was . what d you mean you don t know what it was ? ? well it damn sure t no . em off and you should seen language ! sorry the bite this thing left . too big for a coyote . a puma ? i said trying to be helpful . cougar whispered luke . thanks that s what i thought but shook his head . they don t go after and anyway they like to go for the back of the neck this horse s were all ! what you re the one me all this in front of the ! she dragged him off into the bedroom and we finished our in silence while the of the argument through the wall . the next day a yellowish pall hung over the sky the were close now and you could feel a tickle in the back of your throat . was waiting for us on the balcony after breakfast . come on he said . i got something to show you all . what is it ? said . it s a secret . we all at each other . none of us would have gone with him alone but we t think there was anything that could go wrong if we stuck together . and that s how an hour later we came to be standing at the edge of a pit in the . everyone look on three he said . ? one two three ! we all stepped up onto the lip of the pit at the same time distracted just long enough for to jump up and shove forward . she and slid down five of dirt to land hard on and on top of the dead horse . i that uncle t a big talker . he t even begun to describe what had been done to this animal . it had been . its chest and neck were hamburger wrapped in of leather and deep wounds still with arterial blood . its had been out it was a hollow casing half buried in haste after dark and half dug up by in the night . and i suspected . s scream turned into a shriek as she found herself covered in dirt and snowshoe s blood and with . her shriek t seem to stop in my memory it just on and on driven by some panicked feat of circular breathing . luke and i had both turned white and stepped back from the edge it was only the eldest who had seen more of farm life and real life who kept calm stepped forward and her panicked sister out of the pit getting her white smeared with blood and dirt in the process . the moment she was up ran for the house and after her . was laughing and luke and i turned met each other s gaze and to walk after them . hey ! . hey where are you going ? i luke in front of me and sped up . don t tell me you re going after the . you know that you too right ? i luke again we were both at a run and i chasing after us still shouting . go go i and i was into from behind and hit the ground so hard that my face off . i tried to get up but there was an iron weight on top of me and s heavy breathing in my . he my neck into the ground with his forearm all of his weight so i t breathe . say mercy he said . mercy i said . mercy . say mercy he harder . i t breathe i t have the air to speak . mercy i to croak . say mercy ! he . say mercy ! say mercy ! i tried to say it again but i don t think any sound came out . black powder to form little sand in the of my vision . i he was going to kill me . i that this was how i . and then the pressure and i was able to gasp in a lungful of air . the weight was still on top of me but i could breathe again enough to be able to sob . say mercy when i tell you to say mercy he said . i said mercy the did you say ? he applied more pressure again so i was forced to choke out the word mercy again . did you just contradict me ? please i said . mercy . that s what i thought hey ! the pressure and i was able to look up . it was uncle who had just up on a tractor with a shovel on the front end clearly bound for the pit . he it said . i don t care get off him get out of here . and then i crackling and was gone . say what you will about him t stupid . i don t think uncle would have to beat someone else s . get up he said to me as i lay on the ground . stop crying . be a man . what are you doing out here ? the the body i pointed back in the direction of the pit . what i felt myself to my by iron and he forced my chin up so i was looking him in the . took us . don t blame someone else he said giving me a shake . i tried to speak . shut up . if i find out you been messing around with dead again i whip the hide off you . now go . he gave me a shove . i went and when i got back to the house i was too full of injured pride to tell anyone what had . in my that night i re lived my beating at s and woke up in a cold sweat . i was on the floor of luke s room in the basement for the duration of my stay and since he was still asleep in the predawn blue i crept out of the room to brood at the sliding door that out to the south . outside it was overcast but not so i slid the door aside and through dewy yellow grass to sit cross legged on the trampoline . the whole world smelled of by now . the were getting closer . something like a flake of snow curled down through the air in front of me and when i out to catch it in my hand i saw it was a little wisp of ash that feathered away into nothingness . there had been talk around the table at dinner of to evacuate . aunt s last position had been let s hope it t come to that . but the around here were powder dry this time of year . all it would take was a spark . the world was quiet at this hour and so i was able to hear the tractor coming from all the way at the bottom of the hill . i on the trampoline and sure enough i was able to spot uncle in the driver s seat . he kept . he d been up since full dark . today the tractor had the trailer behind it and there was something in the trailer some large pale body dark striped and blue tinted by the cobalt glow . what could it be ? had he caught whatever had the horse ? and then i no that was a dog in the trailer a great white hundred pound maremma . . and those dark glistening were blood . he was supposed to guard the . but who the guard dog ? whatever had snowshoe had him apart like white tissue paper . i hopped off the trampoline and crept back inside as uncle swept a tarp over the trailer the body for that last drive up the hill . i was out of sight at the top of the basement staircase when he came in and i of his conversation with aunt . what are we tell the ? no idea what it could been else s dog maybe ? no the else it could be but a person . a person . they thought a person had been killing their . it was insane to think about . what kind of person just recklessly another living thing ? and the moment i thought that i i knew exactly the kind of person who would do that . . by the next night the air was thick with smoke and we had all in case the evacuation order came through in the night . the smoke was thick enough in the upper atmosphere that the dark afternoon smothered out before the sun was due to set . i was fully dressed under my when luke s breathing in the bed above me and a few after that i was outside in the cool smoky darkness the evening dew squeaking under my . a clear night but the full moon was a dim blood blister through the smoke . on its own it would barely have been enough to see by but now incandescent of flame wreathed the of distant an orange pallor to the night . down to the house by the walking along the dry of grass by the edge of the path so my t crunch on gravel . i was determined to find evidence that proved s guilt . the house stood dark an white the colour of salmon flesh by the distant blaze black and unreflecting . i crept around the ground floor the dull light of a banker s lamp uncle earl asleep on a couch in the home office . the next room was s and it was empty . if i d taken time to check the other i d have seen an open closet door in the next room over and an empty shoe box lying on the floor . the front door shut . i froze pressing myself against the wall . it was a quiet night so quiet i i could hear the distant howl of fire . away down the front path of the old farm house and i stuck my head around the corner of the building in time to see a dim figure following the path down to the in pursuit of a flashlight s white puddle . the moonlight bloody in his butch cut hair . after a moment s hesitation i . i lost him after about a hundred . it was quiet enough that i had to stay far back in order to keep from being . for a while i was able to follow the bobbing glow of his flashlight but then when he the corral fence that light out . i stopped and in the scrub thinking i d been made . i completely still straining my . i m not sure how long it was . it felt like twenty . in that deathly night it could have been as little as forty . eventually i decided i had to either move forward or back . even at the time i it was foolish to go forward . but i went forward . my were now well to the red darkness and i was able to move quickly without making too much noise . at the corral i stopped to listen and nothing until my next step forward splashed . it had been a dry summer . besides a light sweating of dew at dawn and dusk there was nothing wet i should have stepped in between here and lake . i down . dark fluid on the white sole of my shoe like dark glistening on a maremma s fur . blood . and a few way gleaming darkly a meniscus of blood clinging between tall of dry grass . a trail of blood and just enough bloody light to follow it by . and so i . down the side of one corral the fence had been broken three thigh thick rust painted split and tumbled aside . more blood here a lot more blood and some of horsehair sticky with blood between the of the broken . now the trail was a dark and path . something large had been dragged down toward the . would have had to use a tractor to shift the body of a dead horse but i t see any sign of in the dust . the weight of the body must have scraped them away . but what the hell was he at ? where was he taking the body and why ? i t have to follow far to find out where . a short way through the dry lodgepole and i was at the . there between the two red reflecting steel and the moon direct above lay the horse s body spread out like a banquet and broken torn and so that black blood between the crushed of the track ballast . i stood for a moment in silence . no wind through the . the only movement was the distant trembling of the as it drew inexorably closer . here at least the smell of smoke was out in my but by the smell of blood . a soft snow of ash to fall perfect little settling against the surface tension of blood and then thickening into it . i was struck from behind and then dragged backwards by an arm around my neck . i and out a hand closed over my mouth to stifle any sound and my heel struck a knee cap causing my attacker to stumble back . shut up in my ear . shut the up . i could feel the cold cylinder of a dusty six shooter into the front of his belt and i even harder as he dragged me back off the and into the darkness of a wooden structure that had half sometime in the pat century . shut up and stay still or we re both dead do you understand ! ? he again i was still struggling but he compressed my windpipe until black ash fell like snow through my vision and i went limp . not a moment too soon . because it almost a heartbeat later it returned to its kill . in the soft hush of falling ash and rang against the railway . a strange shape in the bloody darkness its bent the wrong way for a horse and its front with five toed . it down with a long snout already bloodstained and to tear into the carcass not with the violence of hunger but of fury . as it and tore at the body its own warped burned flesh and split out little of blood and clear fluid . it must have been painful for the creature and then with rage . and when that t enough it out with its and took hold of and of entrail with its clawed and to rip and tear of meat through the night . and when even that t enough it fell to its and at the red moon beating the carcass with its hoofed its voice some chilling blend of a howl whinny and raspy human shout . it s her whispered me go . from the train crash at chase the woman with the dog and the horse . it was impossible he d made that up . another scream tore open the night sky though the ash was now falling thick enough to fill the creature s mouth and gum up the in its flesh . crept to the mouth of the structure and out at her his wide and childlike reflecting the red moon s glow . i been watching her he . she comes up and down the every night . she t know what she is . she angry all the time because of what they did to her . she s so angry that she t know what to do with it . then before i could stop him he stepped out into the night his snapping the dry grass that spiked from the of the . the creature was preoccupied ripping from the horse s body with its and then spitting them out . it was only when hey that it whipped around to face him gaping with its bloody maw . he the dusty six shooter out in front of him . his hand . the that up at him were clouded with horrendous pain confused but dark and intelligent . it stepped slowly toward him and i saw his hand shake even more . blood from its teeth to scab on the bright . do it i thought as the two of them into each and time crept past like a wounded animal . do it you coward . you like to hurt so much why can t you do it when it ? but whole body was shaking and there were silent rolling down his . the creature took another slow step toward him and just when i thought that he was dead for sure it did something unexpected . it at the gun for a long moment and then at and then its forehead into the end of the shaking steel barrel and then . s chin . there was snot shining on his upper lip . the gun went off and split the night . animal instinct took over and the creature off into the darkness . fell to his and in the gravel a plume of smoke still where he d fired into the air . i went to stand beside him and we watched together as that deformed silhouette toward the distant . so angry about what they done to her he said . then he up at me in the darkness . sometimes i feel like that you know ? and that was almost the last time i spoke to . we back to the house in silence and early next morning the evacuation notice came it was the last time we d see the house the ranch all of it . i did see again briefly three later but we t really talk . he d sad then he d rough . but that was the end of the period of my life that i spent out west . the few family i been to since he s . i think only from him now and again . i wish i could tell you stopped hurting after that night but he t . all the same i feel sorry for him . i feel sorry for him and i feel sorry for the woman from chase blown up by the black of oil and i feel sorry for all the that burned and i feel sorry for myself because the place i once spent a twelfth of my life is all up and gone . i feel sorry and sometimes i feel angry . so angry that i don t know what to do with it . i do not understand how time works . but it a very long time ago and whoever discovered it did not want anyone to know about it . many great were in the past and this same person decided that they ' t exist in the future . the man i ' m going to talk about could only travel in the future but not the past . i know this but he did not tell me that . were by some force i do not understand . but i know where we came from . it ' s very complicated there are i am going to tell . the man who knew about time travel another man from the empire and me . they ' re all connected . i am a old retired tourist guide in morocco . i ' lived a religious stable life but i ' always felt my life was . i show to from the empire and host them at a traditional hotel in the middle of nowhere . yes that ' s where i live . this place is uninhabited and i ' m the only person living here i ' m only surrounded by and no one ever lived here before since the that ' s why what i found was to me . one day i was getting wood from the hanging in the and that ' s where i found undiscovered also dating back to the empire . but these had one thing different a message for me in and a set of to translate and decipher the message . it took to understand it let alone know what to do with the information . the message even had of me finding it . the message is my story but the goal of it was not to tell it . here ' s what i discovered one man at some point in history discovered a way to travel in the future . now at this point in history civilization was very far more advanced than whatever we will have in the most further future but there was a war that this person to start . this man used time in a way no one would expect . he traveled to different of the future and lived multiple and different . but he could only advance to the future and never go back to a previous point in the past . as much as time is the ultimate invention humanity he did not want it to be a thing and he finding out about it . so he decided to hide every trace of this invention and begin a new life from the start . you might think this man is me but keep reading . first though let me ask you this are you sure your life ' t as well ? it ' s going to get here remember how i said civilization was at its peak advancement ? well that many were a thing at that point . i do not know exactly but i ' m sure it was wild by wild i mean that we could never comprehend . i ' m not just saying this we could never understand how it was because of how my story . these were something from another world ! when the man kept going in further and further in the future he could only see great and got to one point where there was no advancement in life . there was literally nothing ! i mean only man in the universe with his knowledge ! something at some point in history that he did not visit all living except a few . and those few had nothing left so they were living a rudimentary life . and those are registered in our history as the first so whatever our find from ago they ' t really that old . people lived in the possible civilization and their just a little bit before that . now what they did was just survive and mate until humanity was again ! and here we are electricity whatever we have to right now . actually no . it was all just our man and this is where the message was not as clear . it messy our guy ' t really up for just surviving . he used all the knowledge he had from his previous to develop the world . your world ! literally ! when i say literally . it ' s not develop as in making the world better . it ' s that term the mean . if he lived right now with the knowledge he had back then we would consider him a god . so is this guy god ? is he watching us ? why is he me post this when he literally me not to tell anybody ? and how did i find out ? he did not want people to know about time about the first generation about the life back then . but it was his generation ' s people that he did not want them to learn about it . after he a perfectly world with all his knowledge he ' t even have to hide it . the new people were a creation of his . he them all off of the original people who . and those people were into the simulation . the message left on the was not from him . it was from a man from the empire who left it there just perchance that some day someone like me will read it . that man drew all that stuff and wrote those before he himself . he somehow figured this story out and it ruined his life . now i ' answer the question . the developer of the simulation is not me write this he knew people would know at some time but he ' t care now . the truth is he himself just after fully the simulation . but before killing himself he just of this story everywhere . he " " me to live a life where i find the message from the guy . the guy found out about it from someone something else it all to different people finding different through time . he was just trying to have fun . he ' t a god he was just a human with too much knowledge that he it to be a curse to have this . he ' t withstand it after all nor go back . why the himself the message there is a problem a . we ' t supposed to live this long . we were supposed to die with the man but somehow it ' s still going . we are living in an artificial world . it ' s a loop . the people who die just start a new life . what us family anything that you you . it is . your mother is someone else ' s mother when she or just a guy from the ' s . we are all a random set of whatever you do does not count either you will feel lonely at a certain time and happy at a certain time . but whatever you are going to be you are in a loop forever living forever being . eternally . he just to live in a world where he ' t know this so do i . i am a old retired man who spent my whole life believing there was going to be something in the end what else is there for me now ? hi i am and i see i can ' t explain . or maybe strange really have been going on for the past while . i am not sure if this as one of the but if it does i can say that this all two ago when i was sitting at my desk working . i saw something on the trampoline in my but when i there was no one there . i that off that one time as maybe the light reflecting off the trampoline some weird way . maybe it t just me . just a week ago my year old had another one of her screaming and crying because she thought she saw something move out of her closet . she crying and calling for me at . i ran to her room frantically her what was wrong and when she to calm down she told me there was a monster it was leaving my closet . she said with anxiety still in her . i sat down with her and had a talk about how are not real . i it as just a child talking out of their imagination and not much more . maybe i should have her . just on i was in my s on my bed through to see what was going on in the world when i saw a shadow slip out of the door . my curiosity took over and i cautiously but quickly made my way out of the room waking up mark who got up too and me what was wrong . i did not answer him because i was distracted and his voice background sound . something odd i was that there were leaves on the floor . it was the same thing i when i went to calm down but back then i no attention to it because i thought maybe she had tracked in the leaves . this was different . my husband and i always wear in the house and would not track in dirt i would have some leaves on my floor before then . when i left the room there was no one there just mark standing besides me . did you hear someone ? he whispered . no . i thought i saw someone leaving the room . he said it was strange and went back to bed . i tried to go back to sleep but i ' t . i felt like there was something or someone in my house . i decided to make a few around my house to see if there was anything out of the ordinary . there was nothing . nothing else . i enjoy going on with and mark through the behind my house we live in northern new york so there s lots of wildlife and more . we to walk outside every morning because it was a nice way to get everyone out of the house during the quarantine . the in my over the majority of the grass so you could say that we actually do live in the forest . i decided to wander around after went to sleep at since it was still light outside . the forest was already getting dark but i have always felt safe out in the forest . it was so quiet from the of humanity . i had a flashlight with me just in case it got too dark . as i kept walking i saw that a part of the forest ahead was lighter . it was as if that part of the forest was glowing . i decided to walk towards it my curiosity taking me once again . i saw a glowing white figure standing it like a mouse . but it was the size of a cat standing on its back . this was strange . i could not believe it . i at the creature through the . it was indeed a mouse standing on its hind in the clearing . it was a strange sight . probably the sight in all my of being alive . i just . that s when it back at me . it had a hole for a mouth and had two beady . it at me for a second then it turned into and its mouth turned into a hideous face with and it at me . i but did not make a sound . i turned around and ran . i ran . and ran . i tried to focus on the sound of the leaves crunching beneath my and the squelch of the mud instead of thinking about what i just saw . i got to a road . i the road as the one near my house . i t far . i turned around and t see anyone there . i was in shock and t know what to think of this but i home . i am still not sure what but i think that creature does not want us here . i will keep you posted . i in shock at the man who had me dropping both wooden to the ground . they would have been useless against him . you re ! i . call me rick he looking like he to be anywhere but there . follow me inside . i hopped out of the trunk and stepped after him . pick up those . a care of his . i . of course i knew that . i d read my father s front to back when he thought i t paying attention . i d learned every hard lesson the easy way and no one it . i the but left my in the trunk before running after him . mister rick can you tell me what s going on with my family ? i as i to keep up . he t make eye contact with me . they been taken he flatly . ah i . i had known that . he had known that . he had known that i had known that . my guess is that rick was awkward around . i if he had any of his own . if so i felt sorry for them . then i that it would be awesome to have one of the around as a dad . it would be much better than the situation i was in . i felt guilty . then sad then angry then guilty about being angry because i forgot who i was angry at which just made it worse . i d been feeling more of all of that since turning thirteen . you rick continued still gazing forward as he fast enough to force me into an awkward trot . and he was your first . here he stopped to stare at me with a look that mixed confusion with interest . i stood next to him realizing suddenly that we had been approaching a warehouse door . where are we ? i breathlessly . this is our gathering s rendezvous point he . you get your here while i see if i can get your family back from . my head spun as he the door and in . wait ! i as i ran after him . wait ! the against my as i him down and his arm . he stopped to turn toward me in confusion . you re going to get my family i you re going after i i m going to get marked ? he froze for several seeming to digest my presence as i around the creepy warehouse . i could see why they chose this as a meeting point . it was the only place that i could imagine would be too scary for a vampire . it t just dark inside it felt like the sun had taking all warm with it . your father along with your and have been helping me to find the vampire . she s one of the dozen ! i excitedly stepping uncomfortably close to rick from fear of the warehouse . twelve of the most yes rick curtly . hunting the dozen my life . he again and it just so sad . i to bring your into the fight because they re both so young . that hit me like a gut punch . they were eighteen and sixteen which basically made them from my perspective . rick ran through hair that was just beginning to thin . but we were in on s congregation and your had been showing so much promise . could have such potential if he used his rage constructively . i was suddenly very aware of the fact that rick to punch a hole into the wall . yet he still i could imagine great growing silent at his voice . but he was still awkward around . they found out where you live and led an ambush . i m sorry mangel . his jaw and i felt there was more that he was unwilling to say . they at least struck when you t at home . i give them that . but once you up and poking around they had to attack and i to get you out of there as soon as possible . sorry about you in the trunk but i t risk you fighting back . panic rose quickly . do you think they re still alive ? i not wanting to know the answer but unable to stop myself . i know they re alive . they re bait he grimly . i wrinkled my brow in shock . my family is bait ? for what ? rick away . me . then he turned and walking toward the center of the warehouse . i had a million that fought for attention but the that found voice even me . so how can i help ? you can stay here and keep out of trouble he without turning back . he rounded around a corner and suddenly we t alone . besides you just had your first hunt he with a note of finality . you need to be marked . the fluorescent hurt my after coming in from the dark warehouse floor but i still in shock at the room i d just . it was cleverly so that it not to exist at all from the outside . a rainbow of and equipment lined it from floor to ceiling . a woman in her sat in the middle she to be us . this is rick said . i have to go . she at me and i felt awkward so i turned to look at the myriad of that were on the . i was to see some of the most potent and that i d read about in my dad s journal . you been carrying something in your pocket rick noted . i don t know why my face burned but permanent embarrassment was one of my personality . i s necklace out and it to him . i took it off the vampire after i you know after he was dead i lamely . he studied it intensely for several . do you know what it ? he finally . no i more embarrassed still . he made eye contact so i at the floor . good he . you have the design for your marking . um i lamely why ? he let out a deep breath . this design of concentric with eight meant something important enough for to have it with him everywhere . you took that from him without understanding why . you need to remember what killing is you re not just removing a person from the moment but taking everything from them . even especially the you don t understand . never forget that . he turned to push the door open . whatever importance that necklace to is a legacy that you have to carry . if you forget it the memory will be lost forever . welcome to hunting . then he . it like you had a long day . her voice was soothing . maternal . i really hoped it t give me an awkward boner because it can be hard to hide those . i casually one of the from the wall as i her . yeah . my dad and are gone . i m so sorry she back and her voice felt like a sweet tongue licking my ear . for the past few i d been a lot of weird about and i was glad that no one else could see my creepy imagination because they would think i m a freak . she sat one leg crossed over the other blowing on a cup of tea . rick you re ready to be marked . i . you be doing it ? she . i . again . she put the tea down and turned around to gather her equipment as i a table next to her . by the time she had her ink and turned back around to face me i had laid the necklace in front of her and extended my left arm . is it going to hurt ? i in a voice that accurately reflected just how far my had into my abdomen . she pursed her . just try to hold still . i had seen shortly after his own marking he was grinning and secretly smoking a cigarette . he so damn cool that i t wait to follow in his . i had pictured myself as an unstoppable while the tattoo artist marked the inside of my forearm as i casually and my first smoke . instead i tried not to scream as forcefully my palm down so that it t shake . it felt like i was being of times . because i was being of times . i considered the fact that i was here because had been once . i relaxed . it took forever to finish and i t feel like a . but the marking me . i my heavy arm and it as well . it was part of me . and took another big sip of her tea . what do you think ? i think i really appreciate it and i m sorry for what i had to do . she raised one eyebrow as she drank . what you had to do ? she her mug down . you mean you re sorry about all the screaming you did while i worked ? i shook my head . no that s part of who i am for which i won t apologize . i . i m sorry that i had to steal from the shelf and sneak them into your tea . don t worry i read a lot about them in my dad s . i t put a dangerous amount in but it will be enough to make you too groggy to chase me . they should kick in any second . s . so yeah . really sorry about that . i down to grab my . but i have to help my family and i understand enough about hunting to know that my asset is being . her onto the table as she to hold her head steady . that no one would allow me to join but no one would suspect that i d sneak my way into the fight . i guess it s a wash . what re you do ? she . oh i intentionally left my in rick s trunk . they have a tile on the which me to track them on my phone . i . rick s going to lead me right into the middle of the fight . she her head onto the table . because no one anything of me at all i m going to be the one who my family next part wind the breath from my as i steady myself on the ledge . this is something i never thought i would . of people below those fortunate enough to feel their are worth living look like tiny from up here . i place my at ten and two while on steadying my . after all these are the last i get to take i may as well enjoy them . i m recording these last to avoid humiliation and of scandal for my family who had no knowledge of these until now . also there have been a lot of to come out about this place over the figured i may as well add mine to the pile . it s reality windy up here and i m voice to text so forgive me if any of this comes out wrong . i place my phone on the ground behind me when i m done i won t be with it . my teenage life t start out much different than any of yours did . i smoked grass after school only studied enough to get by and . then i turned sixteen and experienced a trauma that would shape my life all the way to this very moment . the death of my sister was a shock to the whole community but mostly to myself . she was my fraternal twin into the world a mere eight after i did . i the way for her to have a safe journey during birth and it carried over into life as well . i was able to beat most of the and that came her way . i was too stupid to know how lost she felt . i d have for her if it her from ending her own life . but in the end depression was a battle only she could conquer . and not all can be won . healing from grief comes in a lot of . i burned through just about all of them before i decided to look for the silver lining in her death . when the suicide their help ad after opening their new location it like god was me a lifeline . i t think of any other way to heal and honor her memory than by helping avoid s fate . if i could just save one person it would warm of my heart that have been long left cold . it would be healing for me and them as well the perfect job . of course that s not what though . i t be this from the top of an eight story building if it was all sunshine and now would i ? i got hired due to a massive wave of employee . now when say that i normally assume they mean they were fired or at the very least transferred to another location . but no i was wrong . there were too many flying through the air mating with each other to make all new making it impossible for me to know one hundred percent of the really . whatever it was my particular branch had an upwards of nine or more die at once . yeah that s bad juju for a new workplace . who knew what to the last person that my seat . but money is money and i figured how much trouble could i get into sitting at a damn desk . thank you for calling the suicide . my name is what can i do for you today ? caller hey listen . i don t have much time . i know you re not a church and but i need help . of course . for better communication may i have your name ? my hand to my face as i hear my own voice in my head . caller alright ? ! i don t have time for but thank you . i need your help . can you tell me anything about god ? oh boy my first religion nut . you d have no idea how many i though about suicidal . this is the only one i d experienced firsthand though you see . it like such a contradiction t it ? me yes . i feel his grace and know that he you . well my family raised me catholic and when i was younger my uncle took two of by a bottle of jack . it t seem like much but to a man suffering from the early of liver failure it was enough to do the trick . he was laid out stiff as a board by the time the hotel maid finally decided to defy the do not disturb sign . me i m so sorry to he it aint about not . the reason i m calling you is that all them ago the local priest told my grandmother that the lord would forgive suicide if it was under the of or booze . have you ever anything like that ? me i m sorry sir i haven t . however that t mean it t true . some people consider and alcohol the devil s . so it would stand to reason that the lord would fight for one of his by the devil s touch in the afterlife . i don t know about any of that i just need to know if it s true . me well if it was true what would that mean to you ? what bearing would that have on the decision you re about to make ? you t end your life for the sole purpose of the of heaven . i m not quite sure it works that way . is it your uncle ? do you crave the same path that he chose ? no . not at all . you see i m trying to get away from him . me confused you mean you don t want to end up like him . correct ? the ? no dude like he s been outside my house for two days now . i m sure as anything that it s him . i keep calling out to him but it s as if he can t breach the barrier of my yard . i want to make sense of this wrap my head around it . if he was by god for suicide he d be stuck in purgatory or worse . what the is he doing here ? he like he s in pain . me . well . i you think i m don t you ? i tried the police first the were tied up . i reiterate the line was tied up . do you know how many innocent are lost during a mere ten minute phone malfunction ? and i tried for well over an hour my phone reducing the rest of his sentence to a dull drone as my attention over to the notification i received . breaking news the streets are chaotic as are with . report overwhelming of unintelligible that call from that frankly don t exist . fear a breach in their system . those in need are advised to use the system in the event of an emergency . hello ? ! ? me i m so sorry sir . your phone in and out for a moment . i m on a landline it t matter anyway he just stepped one foot into the driveway . line a week i d just barely been able to become comfortable in my own mind again . it was just a weird call from the most sober sounding i ever in my life . i switched over to the early morning shift in the of lowering my call count . i really the job and figured if i could think of a system that worked for me it would be the best thing for my cause and my bank account . my thought process was this the overnight shift was bound to bring the worst . the shift that i on was the afternoon and early evening one . so mornings like the next best option . i d gotten to work than usual one day . the second i into the call area from the night shift to me frantically from our call desk . hey . i m so sorry i know it s not your time to clock in yet . can you please cover me for five ? my stomach is a mess . the phone s rang like five times the entire night . please ? her blue doe up at my pleadingly . i m embarrassed to admit there was no way i could say no . sure enough as my luck would have it the bathroom door of the s room area barely closed before the phone line lit up with a call . in this line of work a call could be tantamount to death like the caller from the week before had . reluctantly i my fear and picked up . me thank you for calling the suicide where we re here today to help you make it through tomorrow . my name is . who am i speaking to ? caller hi . my name is ? um i think i need your help . it s obvious to me that this caller was a young girl fifteen or sixteen at most . the way she her name as if it were a question told me she was an alias which was totally common in these . me that s what we re here for . what can i do to help you ? caller you know about what when people die right ? i mean you have to know something about it . me miss are you thinking of hurting yourself ? no ! no i just my grandmother came by for a visit and i m . i thought you could help . me is your grandmother threatening you ? she t so much threatening me but she s mad . she s mad that i t give her . but told me not too . she said it was stupid and that grandma had been getting senile . me can you give her the two now ? would that help ? no it s too late now . she s back and it s all because i t give her the two when i was supposed to . me i m afraid i don t quite understand . this to be a lot of fuss over two . can your mother help calm her down perhaps ? would you like me to send some over your way ? sardonic chuckle they can t hurt but i don t know what they re going to do with her . locked herself in her room i m in my bedroom in the basement . grandma s sitting up in the living room watching her like she always did but i don t think any of us are going to get to leave grandma s awfully strong and she s mad as hell at us for being here . me why does your grandmother blame you for her being there ? she said that because i t give her the two that she t get a ride from the ferryman . and now it s too late . me i m not quite following . two could get her a boat ride but not and now she s mad ? yeah . if she could have gotten the ride she never would have had to come back . at least she still her soap but she out on a lot . me well it s good she her soap why did she miss out on so much ? oh right . she ago . she said heaven was closed and since she t get a ride soon enough purgatory is as well now . she said we re all stuck here forever . me your dead grandmother is upstairs watching soap because she was out of purgatory since heaven was closed and you t give her money to ride the ferry ? yeah i know what it like . but i mean t this kind of like what you do ? what do we do now ? i m of grandma but if everyone s going to come back and there s nowhere to go what are we going to do ? i really don t want dad to come back . grandma s just mad for now dad was always mad . can he still drink if he s dead ? i t answer only handed the phone back to when she came back from her bathroom break . needless to say i quit my job that morning . i just up my station stood up and left the building . i knew i t the first and certainly t be the last . the drive home was to say the least . i to save and very much in god . however paranormal investigation was never something i been interested in . truth be told at the time i t sure if i in period . i barely even had the chance to look for another job before another opportunity itself . the corner of a neon green flyer me from the outer lip of my mailbox one day as i back in my driveway from a cigarette run . help you ready for your new beginning ? new crisis the manager gave me the job before i even got off the phone . for all and it like a perfect fit for both . i won t delve into the atmosphere of the place or how i was on my first day . tell me i won t be the last one to report something off about this place . same story same drill . i t nearly as nervous this time as i d been told a lot of people just to reach out for love or talk about their bad day . the first few were hopeful in fact . however the last call before my lunch break got me . i can t tell you who or what but their message was clear . of all from a single phone line . our awakening is here . the time . . . is now . line the t disappear after i hung up the phone . they resonate from every worker s face that i into . that us here me my and watching my cash drift to the street below . these may as well have at it i have no use for it in a world that less sense by the day . the only way to be sane in this society is to be insane and i certainly had my fill . the big toe of my cole dress shoe over the ledge dangling over the realm between my living and dead . a pert clear of the throat me to turn around throwing me off balance . my arms fly wildly as i struggle to regain balance in spite of myself . it no sense why . the successful thing to do would be to let myself fall over the edge . but i want to die on my my way in my time . i refuse to spend the last of my life in fear . a face me that i almost don t recognize . it me a while to get past the gaping hole left where her eye once was . i remember being with my as we broke down the door to her room after hearing the shot . i remember as i the damage to her face was too great to survive from . and lastly i remember screaming out for my sister until it felt like my . now she s here before me looking the same exact way she had the moment she those short ago . no . she solemnly . you don t want this brother . she out her teenage hand to me . i at how much smaller it was than my own upon taking it . your chance to join me t yet . don t shatter what s left of the of our hearts . now t the time for the living to die . . now is the time for the dead to live . i ' never forget the sound of my younger brother ' s scream . i ' d seen him cry plenty of times scream at me after i ' d him or taken the n controller from him . this was different . there was a painful desperation in the wail as if he could scream loud enough high enough somebody or something would take him away from the awful situation we had found ourselves in . sometimes i hear it as i ' m drifting off to sleep at night . when that i abandon all hope of the sweet relief of slumber . i have to get up and make myself a drink or smoke and write in my notebook until the wee of the morning . i was a couple of older than him . once said that " big are the crab grass on the lawn of life " and i suppose i was testament to that fact when it came to my younger brother . when i ' t him i straight up the hell out of him . he was a high strung that was prone to whine and cry at the jab . i practiced karate on him tickled him until he almost peed his pants his hair every time i his little head in the hallway . it was like the more he would protest the more i just had to bug him . i t resist . it was like a little drug i had to keep coming back to for my fix . yet we had some good times together and i truly him and he up to me despite my irritating nature . being close in age and older i was eager to impart my ancient wisdom upon him . i down valuable like learning how to burp on command how to ride a bike and where the flute was in super . my were excited . they about the house with an anticipation that made me a little nervous . this was second to the anxiety i felt about the fact that they were a new . it be alright . carol from work her all the time for her my said as she around the living room looking for her purse . but her are perfect little . what if throwing a fit or something ? what if she s mean ? why can t . penny watch us ? . penny was our usual a plump feisty fun lady only a little younger than our . she s not going to be mean . hey i need you to be the woman of the house and make sure everything is going . i m sorry we t get . penny but this was short notice . please be on your best behavior . your father and i never get to do stuff like this and this will probably be our only chance to see in concert . i and at the green shag carpet as she gave me a pat on the head . well i been fraid of i built my life around my dad sang into the living room and drawing out the last syllable all cheesy and long like a parody of an opera singer . my and he took her by the hand and her and they out of the living room leaving me to pout all by my lonesome . i off to find who was with in his bedroom . " hey i ' m in charge tonight . that you can ' t act like a big baby like you always do while they ' re away " i said up a little guy and it on the multicolored castle he was building . " don ' t call me . i ' m going to listen to the . you ' re not the boss of me . " the came . when she she was all and and reassuring . my were at ease but at this point a t rex could ' through the front door and they would ' happily left us in its care as long as it knew how to cook a frozen pizza . my left giddy from the driveway excited and happy for their destination . it would be the last time they ever knew a happiness so pure . i can ' t tell you her name i just can ' t remember . does it really matter at this point ? in my mind and in the history of my life she is only known as the looming large a storm that swept through and disheveled everything . was she in her or in her ? i ' t have known as every adult past a certain age through my childhood carried the same amount of levity and oldness . i only knew she pretty and had big and had cool and in her hair hair that was blonde and gray at the same time . she wore a faded black t shirt from a band i ' d never of and torn jeans and black nail polish . she was all punk rock energy and sardonic and mischief . took to her instantly . in her he had found a female ally against the female antagonist of his childhood a for the big sister . he her throughout the night her with . " how old are you ? do you have any ? where do you live ? do you go to school ? do you know karate ? can you beat ? can you beat up my sister ? " later they video together me the third wheel . stuck his tongue out at me as they . i went largely by her and thus resigned myself to my bedroom through . in a bid to impress the a raid . he ran into my room wearing a batman mask and giving a war cry . he over my dirty clothes hamper and stole red a plush dog that my grandmother had given me my favorite stuffed animal . he ' t get far on foot . i tackled him with a fury in the hallway his off the . still he red tightly and i had to frog his arm multiple times until he the dog . hey hey hey . what s going on here ? the coming from the kitchen . she tackled me and h h h hit me through his . well he took my favorite dog . he it ' s special . my arm . why don t both of you separate for a while ? the pizza s in the oven and when it s done you two can kiss and make up . i said . i hate her and got up and ran down the hall and sat at the dining room table and put his head down and this long fake cry . i over to the recliner in the living room and turned on the . the went into the kitchen and got out some and checked on the pizza . i turned up the volume on the to try and drown out my brother s fake crying . hey ! i have an idea . do you two want to play a game ? the winner will get a prize the said as she stepped in the living room . i that she gave a look of disgust as she past him from the kitchen . i could sworn i her mumble something like shut up or silence . he up from the table with interest his long dried and a red imprint on his face from resting it on the table . what kind of prize ? he . a special one she said and . i can still see that smile . the way her chin was downward and her forehead to bulge out with her . so do ya play ? sure ! whatever i . the slid into the middle of the living room with all the panache of a ringleader at the circus . this game she as she picked up an and it over her head is the floor is lava . she set the in between the dining room table which the living room and the plaid couch in front of the . you must make it over to where is and he must make it over to where you are . and remember the floor is lava so you t touch the ground . it was a pretty good distance from the recliner to the couch . i figured i could easily make it there with a good leap . i stood up and my on the arms as it under my weight like a rowboat . the against the wall at the back of the living room underneath the large painting and watched the game unfold . this is a game that you both can win she said . the in the room . the green shag carpet orange and the smell of ashes and filled the air . in an instant it was gone everything back to normal . did you see that ? i . the floor is lava the said flatly . had made it to the . his were big . i took my leap from the recliner and landed onto the arms of the couch with my . i figured he had about six from the to the couch . getting to the recliner was going to be a different story . the again . darkness by the flaming floor . of flame lapped at the of the furniture and steam . the ground like cheese on a pizza and a small spark of molten rock landed on my forearm burning for an instant . i was stricken by fear and sunk into the couch . everything again . i don t play . can win . make it stop sissy ! stop it . stop it . we re done ! i . stop what ? the . it s just a game . the floor and stuff . it s actually lava . what s going on ? my voice was cracking and shaking . finish . the . game her voice went deep and gravelly a smoker s voice . she continued her lean against the wall and straight ahead . i went over to the opposite side of the couch and could see on the in fear . from here i could easily make it to the dining room table and win the game . just a hop skip and a jump and this strange and terrifying nightmare would be over . just stay there . i m going to get to the table and win the game . i know i can do it ? o k k k kay he . i brushed up against him as i landed on the . the carpet normal . the watched with interest . from here i i had the distance from the to the dining room table . how had to make it this far on his own ? if i had a running start maybe i could easily cross the chasm of empty space and carpet before me . yet everything normal . had everything i d seen in those brief been a trick of an overactive imagination ? i spit onto the carpet as a test a big mouthful . gross . spitting on your own carpet ? i m telling your when they get home the said as my saliva boiled and and . . on tight . i m going to have to get a bit of a head start . i don t want you to fall off when i jump . got it ? he just and touched me gently on the back . good luck he whispered . i could feel the rock and buck behind me as i off . for that moment when i was airbound i was petrified with fear not for my own self but for . i had of him tumbling off of the into the lava below all because of my running leap . i landed on a dining room chair and it over as i directly onto the table with my momentum . safe and sound on his island . i win ! i win ! game over ! ah ah . i told you that this was a game both of you could win . to get to the recliner . then the game will be over . that s not fair ! you stupid bitch ! i at the . she . it t the cackle of a villain but a very human and annoying laugh . the kind you might make fun of and mock if you it in public . it s only a game she said gently . it s supposed to be fun . she made a frowny face . well we are done your stupid game i said . just stay there . we wait here until and dad get home and kick this crazy bitch out of our house . you ' re done when i say you re done the said in the low and gravelly voice the voice that t have to her the voice that came from somewhere deep in her chest . the room went dark and orange and sulfuric and hot . sweat beaded on our . the to sink into the lava lapping at the side screaming . jump jump ! and he did and the burst into behind him fabric burning away revealing the wood frame and spring underneath . the stood in the lava her black converse immune to the heat . had landed safely on the couch but the lava continued to flow through our living room . a standing puddle of molten rock that t seem to burn through the or or the dining room table i sat on but only affecting the of furniture was with . i t know my heart could beat this quickly . he so helpless out there the recliner too far for him to reach . use the coffee table as a bridge ! he for it with his little arms the lava flashing back to plain carpet and back again as it slid across the floor towards him . from his safe vantage point on the slowly sinking couch he positioned it to reach the recliner . it was a perfect walkway for him . i my fist in relief and excitement . would be safe and all would be well . we were beat the evil bitch . we would run like hell from her tortuous game . he must had a little too much briskness in his step as he traversed his little bridge . there must been too much furniture polish on the slick wood of the coffee table . it was those damned . it was that . he slipped right at the end his little butt into the wood and the edge of the table . i could only watch in horror from across the room as he the edge of the coffee table as it tipped over on its side from his sudden fall could only watch as his leg landed in the lava as he clung to the coffee table like a cat trying to keep out of a bathtub . his sock and pants leg caught fire burning brightly against the magma . soon his leg dipped into the liquid flame and that s when he that god awful scream the scream that still me to this day that scream that for a savior to erase the pain . even death . the s laugh through the room and somehow she had right before me staring into my face . you win she said and she was gone . the ground was carpet again the air filled with a haze of smoke from burning furniture . i rushed to him his head in my lap his white his body clammy and wet . somehow despite being burned so badly he was shivering . i could only take a glimpse at what was left of his right leg . flesh off from bone . his thigh was covered in blistered and peeling skin and tapered off into this skinny and scorched monstrosity all the more jarring when with his mostly unharmed left leg . the smell of burnt skin and hair and how i can never go to a restaurant to this day without feeling nauseous . i left him only for a second and that was to call . i him there the whole time never moving not even as the room filled with more smoke not from the furniture but rather the pizza burning in the oven . i t move when the smoke alarm went off and to the chaos of the situation . i t move when the emergency . i only sat there holding him and rubbing his hair looking into his glassy saying there there and until they had to pull me off . they my . they me . what were the doing alone ? who was this that had ? the girl she turned the floor into lava . yeah right . maybe she had something to do with it . t she like to pick on the little boy sometimes ? maybe it was a prank gone bad with fire . these could happen . the that carol from work had used the one that she had to my they brought her down to the station . it was a completely different person . they tried to say that the burn had somehow because of the oven . they were grasping at . later i would find out the phone number my had gotten for the was written on a little piece of paper . this paper sat on her dresser for several days the brown dresser with the vanity mirror on top . the slip of paper had been after my brother s death but had miraculously been found when we out of state when we thought that a change in geography could heal the pain . the last of the phone number were . had made an error when dialing the number the paper reflecting in the vanity mirror the to . she had never carol s . she had something completely worse . so that s the end of my story and the end of my experience with the . i hope no one else accidentally this number hope no one else had run in with her . i would imagine the can probably take many different . if you ever a plumber or an electrician or a dog groomer or a or a doctor and the wrong number who what might show up ? who what could happen ? xb r . i . p . the i d in sat atop my fold out table . as i lit my morning cigarette and a cup of tea i if it was disrespectful to smoke next to a body . i decided that disrespect was in the eye of the beholder . i d often thought of as i smoked . how we bonded over a few spare cig s . that t made me feel disrespectful . i was smoking more than usual with the stress i was under too i found it was a welcome few break from life . i d to sit on my balcony that morning to try and get some light and escape from the feel of the flat . i knew that with my determination to find it might be the last i saw the sun but the window cleaner was out there just howling and scratching at the door . to be honest the flat felt so empty without or even the vine that for a moment i almost considered him in . the longer i lived in the building the less i thought of the window cleaner as a sinister entity he was more pitiful than anything and let get realistic i d grown accustomed to being surrounded by . since he d stopped with the and chit chat instead he just and like a animal . it was and rubbing themselves up against my thankfully covered that stopped me from just giving up and opening the sliding door . i spent in the flat that day dwelling on everything coming up with wild and in my mind . i and her to check on prentice for me she what was going on and i said that i would tell her when i could . it was weak but she accepted my explanation or lack of as always with no . i must paced the length of the flat of times . none of the that i had to help to develop into anything solid . it was like trying to solve an impossible riddle . i every part of my interaction with trying to find hidden amongst the in my head . i if he could communicate with the just like had when he struck the deal over the lift . maybe that s why he had come to my flat when finally it would make sense if they were communicating all along . maybe he d been the reason for s aggression towards the end . i knew that i t going to find without also finding so i decided that working to find the older of the would be easier . all my loose of into a plan t come easy . i tried to stop myself multiple times worrying that i was going down the wrong route but when it finally hit me i knew that i had nothing better . eventually i settled on my next . i after i had fed the and washed up the bowls after they d fallen asleep on the sofa after i d had time to dwell and stress . after it got dark outside and no human were left in the dimly lit . i had little faith in my plan and t want to risk anyone getting hurt as a . i made my way down the carrying the coffin in my arms and a small bag of the dust that had left behind in my pocket shovel wedged in the gap between my arm and torso . good evening . i the man on floor five with less enthusiasm than usual . he the same way he always did not at all . the boy in the mirror more making moose horn with his and giggling . i waved back and tried to understand how could consider every single special resident evil these had become my family over time . the outside of the building was empty again a city that usually never slept was taking the nap of a lifetime . i felt peaceful in the garden with the breeze blowing my hair around . the park opposite was eerily mystical under the . it was warmer than it had been a few nights before when i d first discovered the and the grate . even though it had only been a short time that night felt a lifetime away . i fought the urge to sob as i dug the tiny grave amongst the i d found them in and for the first time since s death i was successful . my mind was so on my that i to pull myself together and not become a wreck . i t sure i had any left . i made full instead first to and then to who i sprinkled on top of the buried that i would do something good in all this before covering them back up with dirt . i stood and at the patch of soil for a while at one point i could sworn i caught a glimpse of the metal grate but it was gone in a blink by flat grey concrete . either was teasing me or i was going completely mad . i felt my heart start to pound through my chest as i re the building . what i was to do was dangerous and potentially deadly but it was better than never knowing if i could done more . i t want to spend a lifetime trapped and alone . every time my life is in crisis in this place i seem to find myself outside the lift and that night was no different . even if everything in me was telling me to flee up the and drop it there i was staring at the huge metal . it had taken me to no one else could see and that infected my . as my own heart continued to pound i that the lift could be considered the building s heart carrying human life to every floor like we were the blood of the tower . my from the metal to the display on my phone . i was a few early and those few felt like a thousand . i edged as close as i could to the button to call the lift and as soon the i knew it was time to start . . am i jabbed the button violently took a deep breath and into my pocket . it was hard to fight back the bile as i out s foot that i had carefully plucked from the but i and i threw it . it landed about three or so from the lift s entrance . i and stood to the edge of the just out of sight my entire body shaking as i for the rattling noise of the opening . the first part of my plan worked as well as i could hoped and soon for the first time i was faced with my s . i had only seen and prudence s granddaughter s of the in person . the that they were from had largely a mystery to me and i had never considered they could be different from what i d already experienced . they were much than or had been . i what had said about the strengthening with each one that . they were probably the same height as a fully grown adult male with fur covered defined muscular . they the posture of a rat and had long razor sharp teeth from their elongated . their were different to s too instead of being a beady black they had a bright daffodil yellow sheen . i thought what was living in my wardrobe had been frightening but he was nothing to them . the two huge rodent humanoid out of the lift . they were on their hind but their were over in a way that would them to break into a four legged sprint at any moment . they to edge towards the kitten foot sniffing at it intensely . knowing i had before they smelled me too i left my corner by the and towards the open metal . i hoped that the during their frenzy would be enough to summon he t seem to appreciate a scene . if i could just hide in that awful metal box for long enough he would have to come and if they t in there with me then i would be safe . my stress and sleep deprivation had got to me . i knew my plan was severely flawed and i t properly considered the . when i finally made it inside the i was with worse than i could . they spotted me . as i on the button that should close the and lock me in i could see them long of saliva from their to splatter on the floor as they prepared to run towards me . i was ready to die . i was almost certain that it was going to happen in that moment . that was until i spotted the tiny figure weaving through the . it was fast and i could barely make it out it was growling and making that to genuinely frighten them . long slashed at the rat creature closer to reaching me and it in pain as it fell to the floor . first the figure to enter the lift just before the to seal themselves . it at the uninjured creature keeping him backed away just enough for us to hear the thud of the metal . most would be of anything that could frighten off their worst in an instant let alone being locked in a by space with them but not me . as the figure clear i was both and . ! what are you doing here your mum s going to kill us both ! s young daughter sat herself down cross legged in the corner of the tiny room as i slid down one of the to the floor myself hugging my . i broke into hysterical i t believe i d put at risk . i knew about the twin s late night . she over next to me her pinched a little as she my shoulder but i t care . don t cry kat . did you see how of me those were ! she was delighted her smile lit up and if you could seen anything in the deep black that her you d have seen childlike excitement . the creature outside scraped and at the door and i could still hear the pained of the one she d . for a small child she had no idea of the impact she d just made . it was hard to comprehend how a little girl could cause so much damage . you t be out ! why t you at home ? is out too ? your mum will go looking what if they get her ? ! i ranting . s face immediately i usually would have felt awful but i t shake the thought of her whole family being because of me . of the other people that might be in mortal danger . how could i be so stupid . s at home with his truck and mum fell asleep . i just to come and explore and i was on the when i saw you . i you kat . . . are they going to eat mum ? her little voice cracked and she to sob . i to be reassuring and tell her that they t but i t want to lie . i to understand the gravity of what i d . i was still confident that my original plan would bring out of the basement . however i t so confident that would just let go he might see her as evil like he saw everything else here . i had to do everything i could to protect her . s ridiculous prophecy in my mind once again and i silently cursed her . how many more are going to be in danger ? why would you be so vague . i tried to calculate a comforting yet honest response for but i . before i had a chance to speak the metal prison we were trapped in to and crunch shaking and making awful mechanical . i tried desperately to press the button for s floor in hope that i could drop off unharmed but it t work instead the box to fall and the lift travelled . it t high tech enough for a digital display instead the buttons light up as you reach each floor . not a single button lit as we fell much faster than any lift should for what must have been at least . was screaming . i t do much but to hold her hand being careful to interlock my in a way that t result in a claw through my own . i watched the button panel the entire time occasionally trying to press on any number i could . every attempt was futile . the lift ground to a halt and we were thrown into the air as it stopped with a huge clap . just underneath the buttons had a shrewdly drawn into the metal . i knew it t been there before and could only signify one thing . i d done it . i d made it to the basement . as i at i t help but wonder at what cost ? was any of this worth the danger i d accidentally put her in ? i t for the extra person or the lift falling . my plan ended when i threw the foot and ran . in my optimistic mind would the outside to avoid a scene and have to talk to me again without being able to kill me like . i knew squeezing s hand that i had the situation entirely . where are we ? she nervously . i don t know for sure . i think this is the basement . i . but the block t have a basement . i know . the slowly to reveal a huge flat . it was luxury like an underground penthouse but without a single window in sight and it was largely empty . not a soul inside . i stood up from the floor of the lift s hand still firmly in mine and tried to take in the surroundings . the lift had stopped directly in what to be a living room there was no hallway or corridor leading to a set of like when the lift usually stopped . in the room was a black velvet sofa a few side tables and an almost useless lamp providing a dim glow in the corner . it lit up a few twinkling and made it just about possible to see a huge trailing pot plant sat on a table that perfectly with the vine that had wrapped itself around my foot and then my home . the lack of a nearby grate t bode well . to cry . i t see actual with the for but i could hear her soft . i my mind again for some comforting but i t find a single one . if i was right and was trapped here we were . to jab the buttons were pointless it was as if the lift had run out of battery we t even close the . i took a step into the room and . before i could say a word we the metal clap together and by the time we turned around the lift had been by a blank wall . where the are you ? ! i desperately that s smug face would just appear from the . it t . all my plea did was terrify who continued to grip my hand . it s awful to say but i was partly grateful that she was there if only so that i t have to be alone . who are you looking for ? she . someone that can help us get home . . . i need to to stay close to me all the time can you do that for me please ? i hoped with my whole being that i could keep her safe simply in response her bobbing in the dim glow . i took a few in the direction of the plant reaching out to touch it and see if it was limp or alive like the version in my flat had been . i was disappointed that it was the former . as i further into the room i that the opposite wall t nearly as blank as the one that had the lift . instead indented in the wall were another set of metal identical to the that had closed and behind us . next to the left side of the was a button with the call lift into the metal above it . it gave me a great feeling of unease . despite my unease i saw no other exit to the room and before i could even consider my tiny companion had the button . even demon love buttons . as the relief washed over me to see that it was empty and not full of even more . we took a step inside and i found myself once again staring at the button panel . this time i t searching for floor . in fact i for the days when that was my biggest problem . the panel was much like the one in the lift we d got here in except alarmingly every number came with a minus symbol before it . . . and there was no sign of a g for the ground floor . the next part " . . . where . . . where am i ? " i said my head pounding and slowly raising my head from the cold steel table . " hello " came a distorted voice from somewhere in the room . " how do you know who i am ? " i now looking around to see where i was the room was made of grey concrete with a large metal door set across from the table . i raised my only to hear the clang of metal from the table looking down to see the around my . the voice in again " please don ' t worry you are safe here " " like hell i am " i tugging on the again the table slightly towards me . " do you know why you are here ? " the voice . " not a clue " i . " what do you remember ? " the voice in a curious manner . " i remember waking up here i remember my wife i remember my daughter and my home i remember my life " i in anger . " do you remember last week ? " the voice . i around the room was very bare other than the table and chair but i could see a small security camera now and a speaker hanging in one of the of the room . " last week ? " i said looking at the camera . " specifically march th to march th " the voice came obviously trying to sound interested . i thought for a moment obviously i was not getting out of this situation without talking . i guess what ' s the harm in telling this guy what he to know . " we had just into our new home small place simple and easy to manage " i said now down . " you and your family " the voice interrupted . " yeah we did jane . . . my wife to move somewhere quieter so that we could focus more on family " i said the conversation i had with her . " she you to have an easier life " the voice said in an understanding tone . " yeah " i said with a smile . " then what ? " the voice . " we settled in and i woke up here " i said confused . " it took you seven days to move into a new home ? " the voice . i sat there in thought for a moment " we had a lot of stuff to unpack " i said " are you sure you don ' t remember anything else ? " the voice . i . " try and think what you did after you finished " the voice . i down at my in . " we had just finished moving all the in and to unpack them jane had to cook us all something to eat . i got a text from my friend wishing us all good luck with the new home . " " oh is that what it said ? " the voice said curiously . " yeah . . . why ? " i said looking at the camera . " oh nothing we just have a record of a message being sent to your phone at that time so then what ? " the voice came again . " we all sat and ate dinner my wife ' t the best cook but it was a decent enough meal we all unpacked for a little before we decided to go to bed for " i said looking at the camera with a smile . i some scribbling before the voice came again " so that the th what the next day ? " " the next day was more of the same really we unpacked spent some time together and we spent some time looking around the town . " " odd " came the voice . " what ? " i curiously . " it ' s just that the said you were on your own in town " the voice said in confusion " oh . . . i must be it wrong i went out to go get food for us " i said now " so the next day more of the same ? " the voice said curiously . " yeah pretty much " i said " and the next day ? " the voice " yep the same as always family time and " " how old is your daughter ? " came the voice . " my daughter she ' s ten why do you ask ? " i said looking at the camera . " how old is jane ? " the voice " jane is twenty six " i said confused . " what was jane ' s last name ? " the voice now . " . . . jane ' s last name was . . . her last name was . . . i ' forgotten " i out . " ! " the voice came . " yeah " i looking to the camera . " we have your phone " the voice said . " oh ? " i said . " who are you ? " the voice said . i at the camera a small smile running across my face " my name is peter . " " hello peter " the voice said angrily " hello " i said back . " what have you done with them peter ? " it never truly registered to me that she was gone until i saw her again . when i was told she had the feeling of detachment was instant the part of my brain that was just to her froze and . she ' t be dead . ' t be gone not truly . there was no way on earth the beautiful girl i had a mother with was dead . and yet when i saw that mannequin it finally . it was grotesque emotionless a mimic . it was an exact replica of my and yet every time i at it a heavy weight curled upon my chest and me . how could dad be so content to have that . . . that thief around him so much ? i remember the first time he it to me he was so with himself . he it under a red cloth and it back like a matador for a bull fight . every time i remember him like that i want to throttle him . how could he be so of a monster like that ? when my met it ' s cold exterior it took me a few to what it was supposed to be . it ' t . it ' t be even though it was her face staring back at me . it ' t have her youthful smile or her innocent excitement . it ' t possess the warmth that whoever even one minute talking to her . no it had a disgusting expression that who it was supposed to be in tribute to . it ' s strange it ' t the appearance that shook me to my core but the air that clung to it like a plague . i knew it was supposed to be but i to dismantle it with my own right then and there . i to rip it to and spit on it for even so much as thinking it could ever replace . and with that strong sway of anger came a surge of overdue grief . . she was gone . my than dad had ever seen before and my usual grimacing expression even lower . i knew then that i had him by the way his curled into itself . my anger was with the of ' s absence . my subconsciously themselves in the hair above my as my covered them almost as if they knew what was to come and where trying to protect me from it . i then harder than i had ever in my life . it was harrowing and continuous like all the trauma locked away in my head was trying to escape in one fluid sound . it my throat on its way up and only stopped to take a heaving breath before up where it left off . my harder against my skull it felt like my head would expand and expand until it if i ' t . dad froze during this process hell i would ' as well if it was anybody else . but when the screaming stopped and i stood there with my mouth agape like a dullard he covered the monstrosity with the red cloth and stood in front of me with his up treating me like a rabid animal . then these great shivering came that my body and exploded in a crescendo of . i ' t stop for the life of me i ' t stop . she was gone she was really gone and all that of her was this stupid skin walker ! i felt the shift in dad before he even truly it himself he was rightfully concerned about my sudden nervous break . and with that came the pungent anger interlaced with pent up fear that so coiled around my dad ' s heart and clouded the good man inside . " stop it you basket case ! " he at me his to try and regain control . i him dead in the then and i must admit i was by him but instead of shutting my mouth and being quiet another forceful caterwaul out of my chest and filled the air . he knew then that he was helpless to stop me causing him to puff up even more . dad losing control he that he had lost control over me the one person he had been able to toy with like a doll . i to stop i to submit and let him lock me in the basement i to wake up tomorrow and have him force me upstairs to make yet another mould of a stranger ' s rotting corpse . i familiarity i a figure of authority to guide me i someone else to be in control of my . but i ' t stop . i never thought i would hear myself begging to return to the bathroom with the stench of dead meat up my nose and dripping into my the of people i ' t know into for my father to do with what he . he his and i ' t have his most one the only one he ' t let me help him with . it ' s been a few days since he that disgusting mimic to me and it ' s everywhere he goes . i can ' t escape it the expression on its face void of any feeling . he it around with him setting it up in the corner of the room to watch me . he ' t let me out of the basement since the grand reveal and sometimes when i turn towards him and catch his glare before he to elude my line of sight he almost pensive with deformed malice . it ' s the glare he gave the last time i saw them together . it only just to me that i ' d never been told how she . my grandfather was an exceptional man . born in crushing poverty he took to a life of crime in his teenage before up and joining the army where he with distinction . after ' s independence he won multiple national level gold in wrestling and subsequently his education and a successful trucking company . he had lived such an extraordinary life he spent his old age just his with and family through his great storytelling . us just to sit around him as he us with tales from his well lived life . he always so joyful when he did it too . but there was this one story that he telling any of us until he was almost on his deathbed . one story that stayed with me even after all these . i remember it all like it just yesterday how his and his bony in fear as he the most frightening experience of his life . thankfully i had a tape recorder close at hand and i can tell you what he told me in his exact . are you sure you want to record this ? because it ' s not very pleasant . . . then . just don ' t tell your mother what i tell you here . i don ' t want to be responsible for any you might end up because of this . so all this back in in the midst of the campaign . the had all the way into ugh i mean . the campaign was the first offensive push by the allied army to push the back . and let me tell you it was a spectacular failure . we were not prepared for the attack . remember this was back when ' t rise about the rank of major and all command were by the . and they had no idea what the they were doing . they had little to no experience fighting in the muggy our transport infrastructure our supply were pathetically weak . hell that was supposed to be the launch pad for the invasion a devastating famine just a year later . i ' m sure you must have read about that in school . the on the other hand were well and carried out on a regular basis . it ' t surprising to have entire patrol get out in the blink of an eye . the would suddenly appear out of the and disappear before help could arrive . it was terrible . we were on edge all the time . every branch that snapped every leaf that got our pushing against the trigger of our . compounding all that were the harsh . we were far more likely to be by disease than war . the food we ate was barely enough to keep us on our the threat of malaria and dysentery always large . and other than anything we ' d ever seen on our as we slept . of that like dark little on the of our . it was hell . we were permanently covered in of dirt . the forest at an alarming frequency turning the weather so humid it felt like our skin was starting to melt . the repeated of rain pretty much our communication and the ground had turned so boggy that some had gotten stuck in them right up to their . it was so bad that at times command structure had completely broken down and of the army were operating almost independently from each other . it was in such a situation that that nightmare in our . one of the worst of fighting in the jungle was the psychological warfare . the would kidnap our torture them for information them beyond what should be humanly acceptable and sent them back barely clinging to life . we could never save them and i think that was the point . to watch our our in arms waste away in front of us while our meagre medical could do nothing to help them . but that ' t the worst of it . you see one thing they delighted in doing was our as bait to draw the rest of us out . they would torture our to the brink of death and tie them up to a tree usually in a clearing and hide in the forest . if we went out to help they would pick us off from the . all we could do is just stay hidden and listen to the agony filled death of our fellow . wait till the last drop of life was slowly out of them as they cried out for their . it was one such incident that everything . or at least an incident that deceptively like the nightmare that we had gotten used to . a distant relative of the then commander in chief of the army and later viceroy was in charge of us . he was the one who sent us out on patrol that day . there were about a dozen of us cutting our way through the jungle when we the . you see in it ' s actually quite hard to track down the source of a loud noise like that . if someone it like it ' s coming from everywhere like the are the sound and speaking to you themselves . but not this time . instinctively almost on a primal level we knew where the were coming from . and almost as if in a daze we our tight in our and or more likely we were led there if that any sense . . . it ' t take us long to find the man who was screaming . he was dressed in army or at least the trousers his shirt was torn and hanging from his . he was god this is hard he was tied to a tree and had his on his stomach trying to push down his that were out like thick bloody little ropes . and his . it ' s like i can still hear them . like they ' re still making my ring . the pain in those i could feel it in my . i walking towards him before i even what i was doing . i felt a hand on my shoulder and was back forcefully . i into the of the man who me back . they were wide open . alarmed . like he knew something was seriously wrong here . he shook his head slowly warning me not to go ahead even as that man continued to scream . i and . we spread out into the with our drawn keeping each other in sight to brace ourselves for the jap ambush . i as snapped underneath my boots . i i was afraid . not of the presumably in the somewhere close to us . no . but the wounded man in front of us . it was so . i can ' t explain it . but i felt it . deep in my soul . every of my being was screaming at me to run away . to keep running until i left this man far behind me . i took up position slightly to the man ' s left and waiting . waiting for him to die and for it whatever it was to end . but it ' t . the man he cried he he for help but he just ' t seem to die . turned into and the sun dipping beneath the horizon but he kept on screaming . we stood rooted to out unable to move as if by the strange performance . the moon up into the sky and the man ' s blood gleaming under the white light that beamed down on him . but he still ' t die . my were aching my neck was stiff and i could hear someone to my right crying softly in terror . it was like we knew . knew that it was not that man but we who were about to die . and then it . the man stopped crying . then the world was into silence . and i do mean complete silence . we ' t hear anything . anything . no no no leaves rustling in the wind . we ' t even hear ourself breathing . it was like the forest itself was holding its breath . and then the man got up . he easily tore off the rope holding him in place and up on his . his hung limply from his belly which like someone had a hole through it . . half his gut was gone . just straight gone . i could see straight through it . no man can live through an injury like that . let alone be completely fine like he to be . you see how i am right now ? do you see how my are trembling even after all these just by thinking about that night ? so you can imagine just how i was when that man at me . his shot up to mine like he knew where i was . like he ' d always known where i was . there was such malice in his i almost out from the fear . and then he . it was loud and shrill . like of screaming into our . i remember quaking in my boots just looking at that hateful snarl on his face . he running towards me . with these big covering half the distance within . thankfully that sudden burst of motion had my and i running away from him . i my gun my and just . i leapt over small and overgrown under through in the dark but kept on running . my boots at one point got stuck in the soggy mud but i myself free and my to keep running . i stole a glance over my shoulder and saw him gaining on me slapping against his thigh as he ran . he was smiling . ear to ear . like the chase was the best thing to have ever to him . like he to take his time and truly savor the hunt . move . move . move . must go faster i thought . i behind me by loud tearing and squelching . he was ripping the patrol squad apart . one by one . and soon it was going to be my turn . my were on fire each breath a desperate act of survival . my were starting to wobble . i knew i would not long . i ' t outrun him . but i could hide . i i found this small crevice where this giant tree had been away in a dark corner of the . i for the tiny hole and cloaked myself in the . i ' t even thinking about or some other venomous creature waiting for me in the dark . i just to get the away from that thing . i my close to my chest felt my heart hammering against my sternum and . for that thing to find me and put an end to it all . i his . slow . deliberate . felt the leaves shift and crunch underneath his bare . then he whistling . it was oddly melodious like a bird singing an ode to the forest . i the fallen tree creak as he stepped on it and towards me . dark of blood came down on the ground from my . he for me . in my mother ' s voice . she had been dead for over by that point . gently with love he for me . and when i ' t move . i put my on my helmet it down in front of my and crying as silently as i could . it was over . i knew i was going to die . but for some odd reason he ' t kill me . maybe it ' s because he to leave one survivor alive to go out and talk about him spread the terror he had on our patrol squad . i don ' t know . i don ' t even know when he left . i spent the whole night there alone shivering in that little hole . even when the sun had come up and the forest floor with light i still to come out such was the extent of my fear . it ' t until another patrol came across me that i felt safe enough to come out . they had to carry me back on a stretcher . i was delirious with fear and every muscle in my body was exhausted . but i was alive . . . that was the i came to that thing . but that ' t my only encounter with it . all throughout my stay there i about it . from my own regiment and hell even the had supposedly run across it . this immortal thing that pretended to be wounded and tore apart entire at a time . or how he came to you at night when you were sleeping whispering utter hatred into your before dragging you away and slicing you to . some patrol discovered remains of in odd like on top of or splayed out in strange near the base camp . at one point we feared we were losing more men to that thing than to the . i ' m sure they felt the same . all the that i in that country the air the disease the burnt were all nothing to that night . i remember how relieved i felt when we into . even with all the and artillery going off around me all i could think of was that i was glad i was out of that damned forest . mi clean parking lots at night . i ' m sure you ' seen people like me before driving big trucks with brushes attached . driving you crazy with leaf late at night . i ' been at this job for about a year and a half at this point and this job always had its share of . people tend to not like hearing sweeper trucks and leaf late at night . up till now it ' s been entirely mundane the type of i generally . the odd here the occasional nearby resident angry that he had been up . one time i even got by a group of i had accidentally with debris from my leaf blower because i ' t paying attention . tonight was different though . i was carrying out my usual route a couple shopping by the large lot of the local mall . it had been a pretty mellow night so far just cleaning my way through lot after lot a single in my ear my favorite music keeping me company in the unsettling stillness of the small city after midnight . i was actually in a fairly pleasant mood . there were no large that tend to drag my night out . not one single car any of the lots i making me constantly feel like i had to look over my shoulder because seriously who the their car in a grocery store parking lot at am and just there ? not anyone up to anything good i ' been doing this long enough to know that much . i got to the mall parking lot eventually . the last and lot in my route . that too had been mostly peaceful save for the strange chill that shot up my spine the second i the lot and continued to bother me every few like a slowly wound in my own psyche . this mall was somewhat unusual from what i can tell in that the administration and management of this mall took place in a small building buried behind a poorly lit outdoor court yard in the center of the large mall cutting it into two separate . i tried my best to ignore the strange feeling imposing itself on me as i the memory of my own slowly down the lot clearing away the daily accumulation of garbage and leaves such high traffic tend to accrue . i had largely to block them out entirely for a bit my mind wandering to the bowl of weed waiting for me at home . before i had even my progress i found myself approaching the courtyard at the center of the mall . i had gotten all the way up to the planter that mark the entrance of the dark little oasis before anything off . the area far than usual like a dense wall had itself around the courtyard blocking what little light usually that far from the in the parking lot . as i to step forward into the area to get it over with i found my anxiety and my simply refusing to comply . i just could not force them to move me any further into this giant shadow looming in front of me . i stood there for what felt like an hour staring like an idiot and shining my flashlight back and forth across the area my leaf blower following just behind it and riotously carrying forward a torrent of dust leaves and small . it the same as every other night i had seen it in the past year and a half . " stop being a little bitch ! " i at myself silently becoming increasingly angry that as a grown ass man i was suddenly of the dark . eventually though i decided to just accept the loud " nope ! " that every muscle in my body to be frantically screaming and turned to continue the rest of my route so i could go home . it was just one small part surely it could go one day without attention . the anxiety in my chest to decline slightly as i turned and walking away from the oppressive darkness that to even swallow the bright illumination of my flashlight . i got about ten past the edge of the courtyard stopping to turn around and make sure everything normal . nothing . fifteen . still nothing . i slowly stepping forward . twenty . i slowly inched around once more fighting the feeling of reluctance that me at my core . i wish i had because as my on the courtyard the same courtyard i had just spent several staring at and blasting with a massive cloud of dust and flying someone stepped out and into the light . panic instantly shot through every cell of my being . there was the familiar panic the panic of realizing someone just got the unpleasant side of the massive cloud of dirt and debris my leaf blower ahead of it . but there was also a different sort of panic . that primal sort of terror you feel when you encounter something utterly unexpected and inexplicable . the first thing i about this man was that he had to have been at least a foot taller than me and at tall that was saying something . this tall lanky man stepped slowly out of the courtyard dressed in dark jeans and a black leather jacket that in stark contrast to his blonde hair and sickeningly pale skin . i switched off the machine in my and to approach the man the anxiety in my body quickly with a panicked sense of concern and confusion . " man are you alright ? " the first out of my mouth . that had to have been unpleasant . " i ' t even see you back there i ' m so sorry ! " i feeling genuinely sorry about the blast he must have . the man stopped moving and stood there in silence as i his head and staring straight forward the entire time . as i got closer i to notice more in his appearance . his dark the whites of his sclera almost imperceptible as they sunk in above his gaunt . he sick . the man still ' t look at me as i got close staring forward into nothingness as if he was intently on some invisible object across the lot . i took a deep breath trying to recover from my shock as i once again to apologize for the blast he must have received but he just stood there . i was starting to feel uneasy at his stoicism at that point like i was talking to a statue that i had just seen take several forward when i the turn of his head . his chin moving a mere few in my direction as his slowly me up and down . i was very much the mindless choice to approach this stranger . the ever present need to be nice and apologize . i almost didnt notice when he to speak . his deep and raspy voice was slow and quiet little more than a rough whisper my presence . " not yet . continue on about your business . " that ' s it . that ' s all he said . but his slow and ominous delivery of this simple statement was enough to send absolute terror rippling through my body which immediately filled me with a nearly uncontrollable desire to flee but i to resist and simply mouth agape at the man as he slowly turned and walking away off toward the edge of the parking lot . once he was a comfortable or so away i slowly turned around to light up a cigarette and puzzle over the situation . my back ' t have been turned for more than a few but when i turned back to take another glance at the man he had . not a trace in sight despite the several hundred he would ' had to continue forward to even turn a corner . i was alone in the lot once again . i ' t finish cleaning the lot . it ' s my and my fear and unease just continued to mount so i quickly got back to my truck and went home eager to put the strange incident behind me . easier said than done . i haven ' t been able to get his out of my head . to come up with an explanation that any degree of comfort or them any less concerning . " not yet . " i ' to a few and family about it since i got home . pondering the meaning of the situation and the . trying to force a rational explanation into an event where rationality simply to fail . my aunt was the only one who to have any idea . which sense she ' s always been a rather . . spiritual person . more open to that many consider impossible . from healing and sage burning to bad and demonic possession . while i ' m not sure i believe her explanation i am quite certain indeed that i don ' t want to . you see my aunt said she of similar . of a man who my description . of people death and living to tell the tale . that ' s what she to me tonight . that my time had come that i was meant to die in that dark courtyard . but i got lucky and my into overdrive . that single most primal urge that any animal can feel . the survival instinct . that innate and overwhelming desire to continue living . it took over and to let me enter the courtyard forced me away . away from the darkness and the " man " hidden deep within it . she that he was death himself a physical incarnation not unlike the grim reaper . that by listening to my where many would try to override them i to evade his trap earning a second chance . it was no longer my time just yet and he gave me the blessing to continue on about my business . like i said i don ' t entirely believe her explanation due in no small part to my absolute desire to believe anything else . but i can ' t force myself to dismiss it outright . it just too much sense . there is only one thing that i do know out of everything else tonight . i ' m damn glad i to my gut and ' t step into that courtyard . when decided to use the board i should ' against it . it is not something you ever mess around with even if you think it ' s completely innocent and just for fun . of course you think it ' s harmless and nothing will ever hurt you it ' s only a board with and after all . but i knew not to use it under any . i even said to it was a huge risk and a lot can go wrong but it saying it was all in your head and not real . " don ' t really communicate with the living " she said to me exasperated like i was being a fussy old aunt . i knew deep down something would end up happening and i was powerless to stop it . even me to come over and join in ! just the thought of it gave me the and filled me with this unfathomable dread . naturally i said no and tried again to convince it was a bad idea . she kept scoffing like i was being a and even hung up on me when i reading from with real of people the board with disastrous . a lot of them had such frightening and with the paranormal they were never the same again . it me thinking of the possibility of to go through the same over something she thought of as a frivolous game . when cut off the call i text her and said please think about text soon i am doing it shut the up about was taken aback at her outburst but still by the phone to see if she was . it was the half hour of my life . i paced the i my to the quick i kept the time as the slowly ticked by . then the phone rang . when i on the other end i knew instantly something was off . and very wrong . hello in a detached and emotionless voice me did you do it ? what ? me what do you think ? yes it was fine me what ? nothing at all laughing a unnaturally high cackle that made my hair stand on end me right this is a joke ? of course ! right this is a joke of course ! said this exactly in my voice . it was absolutely terrifying it was like hearing myself speaking . it me the out me stop being a dick how the did you do that ? silence by more laughter me ? phone disconnected then there was a knock on the door . i felt my heart stop . i knew it was her . even though she just hung up from her home phone and lived over an hour away . it was her . i could see her through the small window in my door . what i saw was so and unbelievable it made me feel instantly sick to my stomach . sick with fear sick with dread . it made me feel hot and cold simultaneously and all over my body . i put my over my mouth in a silent scream . looking back at me with a sickening smile was me . i the door . my and i had set off for our research . our grade in social were so our teacher told us this remedial project was our last shot . eventually we stopped in a provincial area where the small village we had our eye on was . i t remember the name of the village . everything blurry after the incident . xb the village was known to be secluded . many who said that in would give you a warm welcome . i said we t need to bring because we t for long like some of the did . it took us a few to walk through the abundant number of coconut in the area until we saw a few . the village as old fashioned as it could be . most of the had with only a few stone as the material . xb our around unlike the who saw us approach the village center . the village center had an old stone well with a bell that was hanging from its roof . as we approach the well the who were near it rang the bronze colored bell and ran back to the . the house that was in front of us quickly open . and what came out was a man that like he was in his mid forties . scratching his head and fixing his slightly loose belt came to us and said xb hello . mind if i ask what may be your business here in our small settlement ? xb ah yes of course . we were wondering if we can ask some of the people here for our social thesis . my friend directly said . xb the man gave us a glare from head to toe . all three of us from his pale blue that pierced through . xb i d say y all won t have much luck in a group so i m thinking splitting up might be a good idea to cover more ground . oh yeah y all can call me . . i m the head of this here village . are we all clear here ? the man said confidently . xb we were by how well it turned out . considering . s advice we decided to split up . one of my stayed with . to try and talk to him about the village s and whatnot . my other friend went inside the house right next to where . went out to . i assume he was going to ask about the living of the house so i let him be . xb i around a bit . i tried to look for a house that would be farther from the village center . everything was silent . the i before were now inaudible . and the cool breeze that came once in a while was also gone . it was as if everything around me felt dead . after a few i saw a girl run by . she was with a ball and her dark hair was tied up into a . to escape from the deafening silence i was i her back to her house . xb everything went smoothly after that . the girl s name was and her were more than welcome to help me with the thesis . while i was with her would answer the i about the village and its people . xb i learned that the village was around old . the clothing of the told me that they were of belief and i was right . also some of the t even grow up here . apparently some of the would settle here permanently because of the warm welcome they received . i felt like i more than need so i told them i was going to leave . xb i stood up but before i could go any further me . she was a girl of small stature so her head only above my waistline . she at me teary eyed and told me xb don t go please . xb i m sorry but i have to . maybe someday i come visit again . i said and her away from me . xb i made my way to the door but my gave out . i t feel them . i took a peek and saw my were by something wooden . they like but they t work . just then s stood up in a very weird manner . xb their were static yet . they took my arms and raised me up at s eye level . i at them with a face of confusion . their like they were varnished wood with that like they came from a nutcracker doll . my confusion soon turned to fear . i knew that what was happening here was beyond my comprehension . xb soon me . she at me with her glassy . with her shiny red ball in one hand the other out to my cheek and it . my heartbeat rang out . it felt as if everyone in the room could hear it . then used the ball to cover her face . she told me to look directly at it . xb the ball did not reflect my face but my two other . both were fun talking to whomever but i can see they were talking to lifeless made out of wood . after a few she the ball and me a spine tingling question . xb you or them ? xb that question me to this very day . a few had since then . and each passing day i could feel myself forgetting and of what . i myself i t talk about this to anyone but i figured i should before i one day forget it all . my two were never coming back but everyone it like it was the most normal thing in the world . xb i was a coward . it was just another day at school cooper was just the same as ever over on his desk stabbing his eraser with a pencil . then the door which he off as just coming back from the bathroom except it t . it was someone new his dark hair thrown back in a messy fashion sharp jaw a light button up with dark on it and army green shorts . the boy in and . him to the class his name was . cooper was very uninterested until right at him for a second or two and just at him . the hell is he at ? whispered travis best friend well obviously me but if he it up he s get put in his place . sat down at the back of the class two behind cooper and travis and for the rest of the class cooper had a terrible feeling in his gut like he had seen something sickening . later that day during lunch cooper and travis were sitting at their usual spot against the wall on the inner side of campus away from most other . these other need to seriously understand you can t ask for answer and and expect to always get a yes cooper their probably never told them no bunch of spoiled travis . the two which they d to and see a teacher who or maybe travis counselor to ask why he t show up to their meeting today but neither were to see carrying his lunch tray and sitting down next to cooper . hey i m anybody sitting here ? the silence told and cold t enough of a hint i take that as a no so what do you two do over here for fun anyways ? curiously . why do you care ? we just talk cooper told him just making i don t know anyone here and i thought it d be a good idea to start small . travis was never of people especially new well you thought wrong we get along best by ourselves thanks took this lightly oh i get that my uncle works for a construction company and to sit by himself at the construction but then he up a bit and now he goes drinking every after work with his other worker . both the were still on the edge and t trust him for a second . the bell rang lunch was over and they d have to get to their next class which would be both and last class for the day . cooper his long walk home and ran to catch up to him hey ! cooper ! t think you were stop yeah i got in did you ask me something ? cooper knew he to be but there was something very off about the way he and t match whatsoever it like some grand facade . oh no i just to talk . i know you and travis t the most social people but i think we could be pretty good and what you that idea ? well your shirt is a start nirvana s one my i love like teen spirit most . oh great he s one of those cooper thought yeah they re pretty good cooper dryly . oh that s my house see you later then said as he went up of a new house with a fresh coat of paint on it which t match the other on the street and many old . that night travis had cooper like teen spirit ? like the only song you know . he s just one of those annoyingly perfect too kind and overly basic . i bet his favorite marvel movie is . i don t trust him either we just need to get him off of us but i m not sure how easy that s be cooper said hey remember that old factory we found with the really deep basement ? yeah what about it ? travis . well we could ask him to or something and bring him out there drop him in the basement and leave . if that t send him the right message i don t know what will . dude that s crazy do you remember how far that drop is ? it s a good to and i m pretty sure the ground is solid concrete . even if he his would break and he d probably die down there i don t know dude i m really sick of him yeah so am i but don t you think killing him just because he s annoying is the right way to go about this ? i m going to bed you should too . the next day was very fuzzy for cooper he only really woke up after school when he to on his way home . and that s how i got that scar . finished that s crazy . hey do you go out later ? there s some abandoned factory near my house if you come check it out oh ! yeah i d love to go . the factory was on nd and three away from cooper s house . he had felt numb on the walk to the factory every sound was getting out and he was just thinking of how he was do this . when they finally the factory cooper led inside and made his way to the back corner . this place is crazy it s huge ! . yeah it s a pretty nice place to relax cooper in a flat voice . hey come here cooper told showing him the hole in the ground where the floor had been in and from what little light was shining through the bottom had piles of concrete with of rebar sticking out . over to the edge and over into the hole cooper took a couple of slow to get behind and quickly him . made a quick gasp and his arms for a second and a moment of silence . then there was a crack s body hit the bottom and cooper stood in shock of what he d just done . was still conscious breathing heavily and crying out . cooper over the edge to see s body on the floor . his leg was bent backwards both arms had been pierced by rebar and his entire torso had been . fear to seep down cooper s spine he and shaking his trembling . cooper took off running all the way back home . he dinner and went straight to his bedroom . cooper t sleep that night or the one after that . he to hear s voice echo through his head sometimes he thought he d seen him out of the corner of his eye standing against a wall . this ate away at him and he thought that the only way to relieve himself of these would be to go back to the factory and seal the hole to the basement . cooper knew this was ridiculous but was desperate to rid himself of the guilt . cooper snuck out at am on four days after and went out to the factory taking the long way through the so that he t be seen on the public streets . cooper finally the factory his already shaking . he d brought with him a flashlight and a that had a large tarp and a couple of inside so he could cover the hole and use to hold the tarp from blowing away or falling in . he went inside running to the back corner so he could go back home as quickly as possible . when he the corner cooper took a deep breath got down on his and and slowly over the edge . he his flashlight down the hole and was at what he d seen . he to see s body but that definitely t . the body at the bottom had light hair and a more round face the opposite of . cooper was shaking even worse than before what the he whispered to himself . he t even sure what he saw was real so he over the pit and took a long look at the bottom . his hand slipped and t have enough time to catch himself . cooper straight down and landed right on top of the other body the flashlight rolling away . he d been and had several broken and with the little breath he had he cried for help . his flashlight had still been on but quickly . cooper over at the lit area and through his tear filled saw the silhouette of a person examining his suffering . his vision faded and he let out one final breath . cooper was never found . i got to admit though it was strange watching this all unfold and not be able to interfere however he did have it coming . my job is to observe and record without interference i could lose my job if i did . it s almost being able to watch it all go down though not a care in the world just being to watch the madness ensue to see the world burn right in front of you and it t even your problem . this was test number only more the show must go on . i never in or before . i always reading about scary but i was always a skeptic . but after today i can confidently say that i do believe in and an evil . after speaking to my dad about this incident with my younger he s convinced me to write about our story and post it onto for hopefully some . i m sorry if this is poorly written but i m trying to vent about the occurrence while it s still fresh in my mind . it about ago . my family and i are actually currently on a road trip from to . today however we decided to set up camp at a secluded back wooded camp in the wilderness by a lake . only one other was here and it was all the way on the opposite side of the lake . when we first got here we were looking around at the area and i immediately the beautiful and all over the place . there were so many . i then a picture perfect bundle of wheat lying on the ground . i at what it is and it it is a sheaf . well i thought it nice and my dad told me to keep it and put it in the as a keepsake . about later my brother joe came to me and told me that he found some by a tree . i was immediately concerned and him to the . sure enough there was a bone about the size of my forearm that a lot like a dog bone out of a cartoon and a couple of other skull like not human skull beside it . mind you these were in no particular formation just in a pile . it t look as if it was a complete set of . and they were not human . . . at least not that i know of . i d also like to add that the had no sort of remains on them . just bone . my other brother then came over to us and the as well . it was extremely creepy . i had away and so did joe but while we were gone one of the around with his shoe which immediately worried me . we left the area and to just relax with family for a while . we also took a trail behind where the was . it was a nice half mile trail but very much in the wilderness . later we that the sun was setting and the were coming out so we decided to take the trail once again but this time at sunset . we were a great time and finally came to the point where we have to choose to take a left right or continue forward . we were standing there for at least a minute what we should do . i had a bad feeling and told my i really don t want to continue forward or walk to the right . it s an unknown area that we haven t done . joe yeah . was spinning in a circle for fun . we then a noise like a screech . joe said quietly what was that ? not even went by and we then a screech like growl . it was not a human sound . joe immediately back to the and run ! ! ! and me and stood there more as we both saw with our own a figure about tall a wide build and something in front of it which like a claw . a claw the size of a human head . i it as the of a native s feather crown on their head . it was like . anyway the thing to be gliding or riding something up the hill to the right where i t want to go in the grass on the hill . it like a black shadow . mind you all of this literally within a second time span . from the first growl to the second and to the figure moving . and i immediately behind joe back to the . i have never been so afraid for my life . i ran like the wind . so fast that i thought i d die from tripping down the hill . as we re running back is shouting at me that was probably just dad ! it s just dad i kept yelling no it t and like crazy out of fear . we to the and the first person we saw was my dad . the figure t my dad . we hysterically were laughing and breathing . we were laughing because we t believe we were alive and made it back to the and t believe what we had just . we will never forget this occurrence and are still very much by it . we were all alone in the wilderness . our are that we upset some native spirit and that it us away from its land . we also think that maybe it was because we disturbed used for witchcraft by a stranger . our last theory strongly by my two is that it was a skin walker . we don t think it was a bear because of how loud and screechy the growl was . it as if it were right in our even though the figure was several in front of us . plus the way it was moving was not bear like . all we know is that we re and will never think the same after this . we learned our lesson about respecting that t ours . and land that t ours . we just want to see if anyone on can give us any information on what they think it could have been . or simply getting some comfort from would be nice . we re currently wide awake here in the . p . s i can post if of the wheat sheaf and the although i really don t want to go back there again if . i can also attempt to draw out the figure i saw in the grassy . thanks in advance ! my x told me one day ago that all have that represent your true nature the one you hide from the world they are always right behind you and most can not see or hear there demon but it is always there just out of reach . always apart of you and we carry them for life . i have a black x who can see hers and . she told me that she saw a demon in a new friend of mine that had cerebral palsy and it her it had long spindly and dead yellow that and a expressionless face with a small frowning mouth . i him he was a good guy got because he had a bad limp from his twisted spine but i never knew the hate he carried inside . one time me and him and my x a bad car crash and had to call the ambulance everyone was worried and telling the person in the car to sit still . but later on after it she came to me and told me during the car crash she saw him my friend standing back just staring at the scene and a second later she saw his demon just behind him and for the first time she saw what can only be as the most vile and wicked smile on its face she had ever . when she saw it smile it made her freeze and want to . she said she had seen of people ' s over the some are some are mean some are malevolent but this one she said was pure evil and pain and suffering made it to the point of acting like a child at when it saw pain . she said she had never been more in her life then that moment . remember when i said she told me we all have connected to us and they mirror our inner primal nature the one we hide from the world . well that ' s what made me confused this new friend of mine was a good guy got picked on for his disease i never saw him fight back or curse anyone so why did he have such a horrible demon connected to him ? we were only for a few then we sort of went different ways in life and i found out later that he constantly his in secrete he would steal her car and then hold her hostage inside it with a and call her slut and whore while he checked her phone he would then proceed to push and shove her and it was all caught on camera by someone else he knew he was busted he was sneaky and never left to be seen and would threaten to kill her if she told anyone . the demon connected to him made sense at that point after his got away from him she told us all he would laugh about bad stuff that to me and that he had a bad his nice guy was all an act . i ' t believe my x about her seeing these but she always said to me he gave her the and she ' t like him or his demon and then all this and i her after that . also during the same time i was heavily addicted to and at a low point in my life and she told me she saw my demon but it was not a bad or evil demon it was sad and it got its power from sadness she told me to always keep water close to me during sleep and to never wear gold only silver . ' t matter cause i hate any type of won ' t wear it but the water thing me out she never told me why water ? i haven ' t spoken to her in but i still keep a glass of water next to my bed . she told me not to be of my demon it me or anyone no harm but if i let my self get sad it would make the sadness worse so as i had positive would not spiral . i still think about those few of my life everything was so fast and i remember doubting what she said but now that i think back and i am no longer a drug addict i am certain she said they and she made that came true . never doubt this world a hidden side because it does . this all last night . . or not . i cannot remember . it was a long day of and my went to get a couple at a bar . the five of us had a great time talking laughing and telling . eventually dying down and we something else to do . ralph that we explore this abandoned factory that was just five down the road . we quickly agreed and along the sidewalk turned down a side street and our destination . the side street was more of an alleyway . there were cement of a hardware on the left and the abandoned factory on the right . it over the ally and ten times taller than it really was . the red brick were half to the dilapidation of the structure . all the had plywood over them except one . and that one is our entry point . this window was on the third floor and some . luckily we all are heavily involved in athletics and were able to climb up to the old rickety fire escape . we went one at a time . ralph went first as he was the one who the idea . once he the window he the and inside . and while i watched the street for possible . i quickly up once the coast was clear and found myself in a dark hallway and the only light was the moon through the window . once my to the dark environment i was able to see my spread out looking at the peculiar in the room . let ' s stick together i said worrying about getting lost in the maze of . c mon sam we be fine . we all brought anyway right ? we all at blankly . no said . we did not think ahead . it s fine . as long as goes first we be good said ralph . we all agreed after some . after a few everyone s tone and behavior to ease and we acting the silly again . we finished exploring the floor which to have been office space but is now the home of various . this place is boring . let s i stopped mid sentence . everyone at me confused as to my sudden silence . did you hear that ? i after a moment of silence . everyone shook their . dude are you trying to scare us or something ? no i m not . i swear i something . i guess it ' s nothing . go downstairs i bet there ' s some interesting stuff down there . and ralph all agreed to s idea . i t care so i just went along with it . we one flight of and decided to skip that floor as it was just an old shipping area . as we went down the second flight of i felt something . something i cannot fully describe . it was like the hate of every person was concentrated into one person but worse . i over my and saw nothing but darkness . one might think it was the natural darkness of night the absence of light . that ' s what i thought at first . hey ? i said . he turned around flashlight in hand . the beam of light past me and the feeling was gone . yeah ? never mind . he to turn around and i saw a figure behind him . yes it was pitch black behind but i still saw something something than dark . like if darkness had a shadow . it was vaguely humanoid and had long bony . ! look out ! turned around but his flashlight did not . the figure revealing of pointy white teeth . a scream so loud that the echo to go on forever . that person that . entity and dragged him into the darkness . we all turned and ran the way we came . luckily i had the flashlight before following and ralph . i could not remember where the that led up to the window were and neither could my . it was like they . i the light around the room to find my . they all ran in different . i found and ralph but before i could find i the same exact scream . it the same way had the same pitch and had the same terrifying nature . ! ralph ! we have to stay together ! i across the room . we in a corner so that the thing could not get us from behind . what do we do now ? . we need a way out said ralph . a up window was right behind us . let s just break it open i said . we and even the board but it did not budge . this was especially strange because it was just plywood . our futile effort came to an abrupt end as we a scrap of metal by a crunch and then another one . we fell silent waiting intently for other . where did that come from ? in a tone . the metal too much for me to tell but the crunch close . i think we will need to explore a bit to figure that out i said wanting more than ever to get out of this horrid place . ralph and their in agreement and we slowly walking around the edge in the room . i led with the flashlight and always made sure to listen for movement behind us . we made it around to the however it was the one that led down down into where was taken . ! ! ! i whirled around and saw the same creature sinking its teeth into s shoulder . as soon as the creature was hit with the light it dissipated . fell to the floor in pain . ! you ? ralph in worry and terror . could not muster more than a groan . i shine the light over his wound . there were too many teeth to count . partly because of the amount of gashes and partly because of the blood that seeped out of the wound . what are we do ? i don t know ralph . we can ' t leave like this but we can t stay either . as much as i hate to say it i think we have to leave him . that thing already taken two possibly three of us . i can t do that ! i m the one that led us into the whole mess in the first place ! ralph stop kicking yourself . you had no idea this was happen . now let ' s get out of here before that thing us too . ralph finally agreed and we got searching again . i m glad that i convinced ralph . s best chance for survival was for us to get some help . and as for . well i t sure if he or not but i was not optimistic . we made it around the room again with no luck . we tried breaking open the but to no avail . there was no exit no escape and no hope for survival . we made it back to the leading into the basement . however there was no just a trail of blood leading into the darkness . . . my voice off . i was overcome with sadness and despair so was ralph . ralph sat in silence unable to speak . his face completely shut down . he was emotionless and to no longer contain any rational thought . he just into the darkness of the basement . ralph ? there was no answer . ralph can you hear me ? . i for a response but got none . ralph stood there motionless . after about a minute he the and into the darkness . only before another terrifying scream from the . i was still standing there when i another metal scrape and crunch . there were two just like the first time i them . they clearly came from somewhere downstairs . i knew what i had to do . i had to investigate the source of the noise and see if my were alive and if i could help them . at this point i had the suspicion that light was the entity s primary weakness and that the flashlight was the only thing keeping me alive . i made sure to keep the light pointed in front of me covering as much area as possible . the trail of s blood would lead me to him so i it . i stepped as quietly as i could so that my own t muffle any other . i only the sound of my own breathing and the thumping of my heart . the trail led around a few until it a room . i took one look behind me before entering the room . with no sign of the creature i the room . the room had plain concrete and a few rusty . i slowly the room and then i froze . the light over the far wall and illuminated blood on the floor and ceiling . the origin of the blood was quite clear . there were four suspended about a foot off the floor . each one had a large hook that connected to the wall and punctured the victim s rib cage . the had been and the were on the end of their respective spike . blood was still dripping from all the and they were severely to the point where they were unrecognizable . there was only one way there i could identify them was by a white card on the wall above the . they read and ralph in the order above each kill . the last thing i sent a shiver down my spine . there was one hook left and my name had been written on a white card above the hook . i . nothing was going to keep me anywhere near that place . i ran until i found a place that defensible . i sat in the corner of the room and shut off my light to conserve battery . whenever i feel that overwhelming hatred i turn on the light . i am convinced that the creature the feeling which is my only warning . and s flashlight is the only defense against it . it been what like days but all perception of time is gone . i feel no tiredness sleepiness or hunger . the only thing that to have an end is the light of my flashlight . i suspect that i will soon meet my end and have to write this down . take this as a warning a warning that this old factory should never be under any . you will never find ralph or sam at least not alive . farewell . i sat in my room call of duty black when i my phone ring . i ' t answer it at the moment because i was still in the middle of a match . when the match ended i got up and checked my phone and saw that whoever left a . " hey it ' s henry can i come over around nine ? i found something pretty neat . " i have been with henry since we met in th grade so i knew that he to keep mysterious so i ' t when he ' t tell me what he found . i back and told him that he could come over later and show me what he found . about an hour and a half when henry came . " hey man ! how ' s it been ? " " not too bad what is it that you to show me ? " " oh yeah i found these in my attic . " henry his on the floor and it revealing . they all had tape on the front of them that said episode episode and episode . " what ' s on these ? " " i i just found them while mouse traps in the attic and figured they you and me could watch them . oh and episode was crushed so we can ' t watch that one " " why ' t you just watch it with you ' re family ? " " well it would be a lot worse if it turned out to be while watching it with them . " i and henry to come to my room where we could watch them on my ps . we decided we should start with episode and put it in . the show was in black and white and it a young woman sitting on the couch reading a newspaper . after a few a man wearing a suit in holding a . " hi honey ! " " why hello dear how was work ? " the man down next to his wife and his down . " i got a promotion ! " " really ? ! that ' s wonderful ! " " sure is ! how little been doing ? " " oh he been doing just fine he ' s sleeping right now . " " good the boy needs his rest for school tomorrow . say honey why don ' t we celebrate my promotion by going out to eat ? " " that ' s a wonderful idea honey i ' go change " not much else for the rest of the show and the episode with the couple going to bed . " i ' m not lie henry that ' t that interesting . " " well there ' s only two more so we might as well watch the rest . " " true . " at this point i ' t all that interested but i ' t have anything better to do so we continued watching . this episode in the middle of the night when the couple were sleeping . the wife up and at the clock . she then up and get dressed while the husband is still asleep . " oh is she go cheat on him ? " " yeah probably " me and henry glance at each other and continue watching . the wife on a door in a hotel and a younger looking man the door at her and her in . the episode with the husband waking up to realize that his wife ' t there . " oh she actually on him ! " me and henry laugh at how this just got a lot more interesting . henry took out the disk and ready to put in the last disk . that ' s when i that the third disk was and so we ' t know what and i ' m be honest when i say that i was a bit upset about it because of how this just got interesting . the episode with the husband sitting on the couch he like he was thinking about something . he sat there for about a minute and me and henry thought the disk had froze for a bit until the husband directly at the camera his face was dead serious . he got up and off screen . after a few you start to hear something being dragged when the husband out dragging the corpse of his wife . her dress was covered in blood and her face was beyond recognition . the husband her in the middle of the room as he down and at the camera with that same soulless expression . the episode when the man down at his wife and back at the camera and . me and henry sat there in complete shock at what we just saw . i over at henry who was pointing at the . i back to see the rolling . i at where henry was pointing and saw the actor . " morgan the husband " morgan is henry ' s grandpa . don t the dogs seem a little strange ? she repeated to me . i turned to look at her been lost in a haze of my . i m sure the dogs are fine i said with a lazy smile upon my face as i savored the essence of the morphine through my . i sat at the table with my at hand and my pen in my fist . i was writing more than ever before . it was wonderful . but they don t look right . like their are wobbly . i think they re sick . i was starting to get . i my teeth and past the doorway where she stood and into the yard where our two handsome shepherd dogs sat on their watching the home dutifully . its normal now . but when they turn to look . when they hear a sound she off . i her . i had work to do . to write and to dream . my body felt alight . were in s as she at my sleeve . i awake . she interrupt my ? i was the dream again of the a black sun . the dream that always in a chorus of . please . you been at the table all evening . there is something wrong with the dogs she near whispered her darting between me and the doorway . how long had it been ? the sun was no longer in the sky and a dull diffused blanket of darkness had crept upon the village while i had been sleeping . i shook the and out the doorway where a lantern hung on its peg . the dogs had not in this time . their out past their and they watched us blank eyed . they like our dogs . then a sound broke the quiet night . a sort of cackle ? the dogs their and turned their in unison towards the . and then i saw what had frightened . both dogs still in unison threw their back unnaturally and a sound in response to the bizarre that had from the . the way they my . with the beginning of each cackle the dogs would throw their back as if on a hinge and rattle their as their in time with each cry . i sharply and they turned to face me again . their to wobble as if to find the right position that a dog is supposed to have . the rang out from the again but our dogs did not reply and watched my wife and i instead . no more tonight . they said she had a smile on her face . the kettle was screaming and she was standing their smiling with a dreamy look in her while the just sat there at the supper table dead as could be . for a while they said into his stein . his were bloodshot red and his were shaking . that can t be true . we know we known her since we were i spat . i knew she would never let harm come to those . they are her world . the constable t know what to do he inside and saw the smoke pouring from the stove and the not moving and her just standing there . muttering in about . he said . that got my attention . she had been talking about her shepherd dogs all week in a weird way not like normal . then this . he as down his face . what is happening ? is the world going insane ? he me . he was serious and i could tell the man was desperate for some sort of comfort . i bought him another beer . honest to god i was concerned about what had at s house but i could not stop thinking about the dogs . nobody knew where s dogs had gone or the whereabouts of her husband . he told me her daughter s had been removed . she them out . she out her daughter ' s he . poor had seen so much in his life . he t deserve this . i also wished for some sort of respite . i had not been able to do my and in peace . the was not conducive to this task . everything was wrong . were ablaze and the sound of was in the cobble streets . not a military march in its rhythm and sense of pomp and smug civility . this was a mob . sharp farming were in hand and were aglow with anger . the citizenry of our village through the like a single entity searching and seeking . two had gone missing from their temporary at . s estate . she after often for people in the village she for . today two of her could not be for by their . the mob had formed on her lawn and she was able to placate them with her story that she had no idea where they could be . now the horde through the streets i among their and squeezing my pistol . i to help as well . had been happening in the village and i could not sleep . if i could not sleep i could not dream and if i don t dream i don t write . we crossed in front of the smaller of the village shining torchlight here and there . desperate for a sign . that was when the rang out . it was a young man s voice and the sound was relentless . i through the to trace the sound into an alleyway . after i saw the scene that out before me i raised my pistol and fired and fired . i fired until the gun was dry and it could only impotently click . the crowd into the alley and they took a gander what had . i had not shot the boy of course who now silently near a pile of refuse surging with and possibly . i had shot the dogs . my two smart and kind and useful who i had raised since . my dogs had been crouched over the picked at of the missing and were the flesh from bone and muscle . they bent over their quarry and tore at them like do tilting their gore back and shaking to aid the meat in tumbling down their . blood like that of . i had done the only thing that i could . i their and they to look to me and i shot my two where they crouched and now and and and . the crowd was silent . i my and finished the task . i to the and to sob . my eldest dog rattled in death and arched its body before one last time . in the distance a cacophony of doglike . then more . and more yet . it ' s going to be hard not to myself with this post . i ' do the best i can but it ' s still risky . i ' m a network engineer who was just laid off from sprint . i am one of who were laid off yesterday as part of the merger between t mobile and sprint . you may remember that t mobile and sprint ' s went down yesterday for most of the day . the also affected other because all of our eventually interact when people try to call other people on other . the was a disaster especially around the timing of the merger completion . thing is the real reason it went down is being covered up . externally it ' s being blamed on a routing issue in the network . internally we were told that some bad were in a way that . if you work in this field you ' know that ' t make sense . it ' s possible that the mix up in explanation is because a vaguely to an engineering team and turned around to say what they thought they like a high game of telephone . sure it ' s possible . but all the of the last few have me all of that . i found out through and people i ' met at t mobile that we a large but secretive contract with the federal government to provide with high priority for government traffic . while the contract was being bid on a lot of work that came through my queue was to in network infrastructure to support another high priority connection queue . after t mobile was the contract even more change came through to finish setting everything up to spec . the sprint merger was fast tracked and as part of the contract to t mobile . it was a strategic request as a better way to serve the needs for network connectivity . but corporate on how to acquire and accumulate wealth are not why i ' m writing this . on june something big through the network . if you want to visualize it imagine a whale moving close to the surface of the ocean . the water not quite breaking the surface but the water up and the movement is visible . that ' s what i saw on my . our whole team did . we could see the movement from one cluster of to another . everyone was trying to get the network back yesterday . the big contract we had been was on the line which is why the been so angry in response calling the outage " unacceptable " . there ' s a lot on the line here money wise . but again this ' t about the money . today i found out i was being let go . with my access before i got cut off i to check some . the surge in data came from specific across north . i ' checked and they ' re all set up to serve . as in deep space . that record data from space to see if can find the of or other that broadcast . in some . they all received huge in data almost simultaneously . those of data through the network as one causing the outage because the government access was given such a high priority that it shut out other . we ' re talking about of dense data coming in and passing through the network to their various backup storage and . if my and are correct that ' s several of data . received through pointed into deep space . worth of transmission data enough to flood a nation wide network and bring it to a crawling halt for all other data . i have no idea what it was . i no longer have the access to do more investigation . i plan to do what i can with what i have now but i can already tell it won ' t be as easy as it was today to dig into this . all i know now is that something big was from deep space yesterday . i was in my room alone video like a normal introverted when my in and told me they were going out . it was at the moment and them going out correct . i was an only child and i had pretty this was the first time they were going to leave me home alone and they gave me a list of i to do to " protect myself " . they left the house and locked the door . i read my list and ' t when the first thing i saw was " do not turn anything but your phone and computer on " . they had a security camera right outside my door which led into a hallway and i was instructed to make sure it ' t fall off or break . i the door and the camera which straight at my door . i upon the camera for a minute feeling as if something was off and decided to go back to my room to play video . it was the middle of winter and at about a storm . my me to check up on me and to tell me that they ' t going to be home because of the storm . i personally ' t too upset i could make myself dinner and get ready for bed on my own . after about of my telling me they were worried their phone and i was going to be alone for god how long . i had to turn on my to distract my dogs so they ' t get . it was now and i was calling my friend on discord while we were normal stuff for people in when all of a sudden the power went out my computer shut off my turned off everything i could use to make food was no longer usable during the storm and all of the in the house went off . after that realization i told my friend i had to go and i getting serious . i of and to keep myself warm a flashlight and book and put a phone charger into my phone just in case the power came back on . my phone was already on by and i finished my book . i got up out of bed to go quickly find another book to read . as i ' m leaving to go get a book i hear a loud crash coming from my room . my dogs ran in to see what was going on . i quickly ready to punch whatever was there regardless of my weak . i see my dogs look at me with a puzzled expression . i ' t see anyone in the room but the window was open . a freezing breeze flew in through my window and sent down my vertebrae . i immediately my and and ran to my couch so i ' t freeze to death . after of in fear i decided to see what to my window . i my room and inside to see what could ' . i step onto my bed to try to see if maybe it was strong rain that broke my window but i felt a soft raindrop hit my arm and it was too big to be a raindrop and the rain was too soft . i thought it might ' been the wind or maybe something natural . just as i decided to leave it alone something crusty and strong my ankle and me towards it . my face hit the window and my nose to bleed . i look back and see an almost " tall man with only a pair of jeans on . he me by my throat and whispered in my ear " let me stay " . his voice felt like sandpaper rubbing against my ear . he let me fall to the floor while we both breathed heavily . i my mouth to speak but was interrupted by the man yelling " let me stay " . the man a trash bag from the trash can in my room and out all of the trash onto the floor . he loading it up with everything that he could ' found useful my computer my my jacket . he left my room to go search the rest of the house while i felt almost . i to roll under my bed and hide before he either me in the bag or something worse . i checked the time it was . just then my phone any chance i had of help . i just tried to hold out for the night i just to survive this . i giving my so much crap about being of me and all i could do is hope i saw them again . my head was and every sound felt so loud it could crush my . i eventually out . i just ' t handle it i was completely and i almost accepted my death . i woke up to hear the sound of the man snoring . i out from under my bed and saw him sleeping on my bed with the bag full of stuff he was probably going to steal from my family . i that the storm had stopped and quietly my bedroom towards my living room to see what time it was . i plugged the charger into my phone and saw the time am . i know my and they ' d probably be home as soon as they possibly could to see if i was . i knew what i had to do . i took the bag from the man ' s and it under my bed . i quietly to unscrew my doorknob and switched it around so i could lock it from the outside . just then i was about to lock the door when it from the other side . i accidentally woke the man up . i up and saw the man tower over me his skin sagging in a way that made me want to vomit . then i saw it he a knife in his hand . before i could react he it into my arm and me aside without hesitation . i tried to scream but nothing came out i could see the blood pouring out but ' t have the strength to do anything about it . the man at the time and ran back out my window without my stuff . i don ' t know if he left because he thought someone was going to come home or if he thought i would attract attention but he left and soon after my got back home . they rushed me to the hospital and after i physically i told the police and my what . as far as i know the man was never found but i do know that he broke into my house tried to rob me and ' t manage to get anything and i ' m just happy i to hold out long enough to survive . i still haven ' t mentally but hey at least i made it out alive " happy birthday . the following program will guide you through the annual process . please listen carefully and follow the on the . after the tone state your selection into the . when you have finished your statement you will be for confirmation . the turner administration thanks you in advance for your compliance . press if you would like this information to be repeated . otherwise press . is turning five . tonight is the most important night of her life . to some extent she it all day i watched her stumble through the house singing happy birthday to you gleeful with the realization that i ' t tell her to stop . today she is invincible . tomorrow she will be queen . i must have triple checked that the were locked latching and every windowpane . the wall of the bedroom is shaking . it is . cake . the even voice from the foot of the bed by a soft and confident mumble . c a k e . cake . is curled around her learner device against my and facing away from me leaning into the small machine . grateful that her adrenaline had away over the course of the night i listen as she and memorize the child s cadence of her voice . frog . f r o g . frog . five like such an arbitrary length of time . evidently someone decided that it was enough . long enough to learn the the form the feel of a language . and not long enough to be dangerous . to my right the radio is crackling quiet and angry upon the bedside table . they a bonfire the first step of an operation that i m all too familiar with . i listen as the digital newscaster that the are in at the . they are filling the . they are pouring into the heart of the city . i reach out with one hand and touch her head . " ? i say . boat . b o a t . boat . . she over from her side to her back and at me upside down soft falling away from her face . i permit myself a small smile and then realize that my tablet is on the table across the room . freeing my from my quilt i sign to her instead . do you remember what to do ? blinks then her slowly them to her face . no talk . right i respond nodding . you have to be careful . i she before tapping her small to her head . i know . i chew nervously on my lip . you won t be able to talk the way you can now . i know mommy she aloud . they said so in school . do you remember what you want for your ? yea . this me a toothy grin and she onto my . mommy do my name . i form the against her slowly so that she can follow so that she can mimic them . . l i a she alongside me . i say aloud just because i can . shouting from the streets . it through the wall rattling the lamp and the chooser device on the . up shaken . the second have begun their retaliation the radio . disclose that tear gas is being . stay within your . it is . subconsciously my left hand upwards finding the hard raised dot between my where the chip is . blinks at me the motion one hand on the chip of her own . i ' m dimly aware that these are the last few it would be inactive within her . i hear someone scream . i reach out and flip through the sifting through the endless searching for some sort of solace that t going to come . now is the time to remember that the were the who these security into place were established to protect the sanctity of language . to silence the who once the freedom of of the most common food . some people just have their straight . number of th not retreating despite the of the second . they are c there is a swell of static and a commotion from just outside . her arms around herself . i pull myself upright as the voice and i scoop into my lap . this the voice is human . is how with the second and third i hear the hurt in the protestor s voice the sharp through their body . we were meant to be . the voice is by harsh electrostatic by the out of the radio by the faint roar of the outside . i hold s and wince in the secondhand pain . i should be out there . i should be screaming to the heavens alongside my resistance my voice electric destroy me with every unsanctioned word . i should be ripping through my skin and tearing my chip from its place as my people did the same by my side . i should be doing my part in the plan that i orchestrate . i should be taking my voice back once and for all even if it me . but in my arms is shaking . i hold her as tight as i can . there is outside . there is sorrow . i hear their harrowing act of rebellion rise into the sky . it is . and then it t . the chooser on the the room up in white and red quietly as it comes alive . grace . s breathing . i feel her wrench from my grasp feel her clamber over me to look at the device . i stay facing away . it a series of and a horrible pause . happy birthday . i grew up in a house with a lot of and i mean a lot . four dogs two a cat some a koi pond in my an iguana a chameleon and a mouse . we had the room for it so our place was basically a zoo . this first to me when i was about eleven . my therapist i should share my story with people to make it easier on me so i decided . . . why not share it here ? the only problem is that this ' t some old trauma eating at my mind . it ' s still happening . but i ' m getting ahead of myself . i ' tell you what . i went to bed that night as usual with my four big dogs up with me . i those dogs more than life itself . their were rocky cliff valley and river . they were all different but each of them was a big sweetheart . that night there was a storm and as the rain my window i to the sound feeling at ease . suddenly i found myself being up by rocky ' s whimpering . it ' t unusual considering there was that big storm going on outside . he was a great by the way . i for him and ran my hand over his back . his big tail against the bed and i " it ' s boy . it ' s only a little rain " i slowly drifting off again . when i woke up the next morning the rain had stopped . i was still a little bleary eyed from sleep and rubbed my . then i felt something soaking my . at first i thought maybe one of my had an accident in my bed and turned on my bedside lamp . i have blackout so it ' s always dark in my room without that lamp on . i when i saw what was actually in my bed . all four of my dogs were dead their contorted in unnatural and their open wide in agony . they had been torn apart and their blood had soaked through my . my were wide with horror and i ' t even register my ear piercing scream until i ' d myself completely hoarse . my had rushed into my room and were screaming at the sight as well . my dad had to drag me out of my bed because i was from the shock . i was covered in my dogs " blood . my dad had the police while my got me and into some fresh clothes . the police and to ask me a ton of . did i hear anything out of the ordinary during the night ? was i aware of anyone else in the house besides my ? how did i not wake up to hear my dogs ? i had no for them and i was still really shaken up . i seeing a therapist not long after that talking about that horrific morning . i was too to even get close to dogs after the incident much less one . i to get myself stable enough to start going back to school and the rest of my educational were fairly normal . all of my who had dogs kept them out of sight from me until i was comfortable enough to be near them and eventually i was able to go back to my animal loving self . i went to college and actually adopted a dog that lived with me in my dorm . normally ' t on campus but i had a note from my therapist for him . he was an adorable little basset hound i . then it almost again . it was a normal night and i had slept just fine but when i woke up ' t in bed with me as usual . then i had the unfortunate luck to look up . was hanging from the ceiling by his leash the life fading from his as his tongue out of his mouth . i and quickly cut him down rushing him to the vet as fast as i could . the vet said it was very lucky i ' d gotten him there when i did . campus police the security from the dormitory and saw nothing out of the ordinary . i decided after that that i ' t keep with me . i gave him to my cousin who lived near my college and cried into my baby ' s fur repeatedly for what had . my cousin said she ' d take good care of him until i could take him back . i ' d never be able to . it over and over again . be it when i stayed at " with their dogs in the guest room or with dogs of my own . they ' d fall asleep with me and when i ' d wake up the next morning they would be dead each in a different horrific way . it ' t happen with any other as i still have my cat though she ' s really old now . it ' s always dogs . i still go visit . . . sometimes . but i never stay the night because i ' m it will happen again . if anyone any as to what might be happening let me know . i don ' t know what to do but i love dogs so much . i don ' t want this to keep happening . please . . . help me . my name is and i just a nightmare . i used to hate my life but i am glad that i am alive after this ordeal . everything after a long night shift at " the sentimental lady saloon " down the street from my apartment and since i work so close to home i walk to and from . on my walk home i made my way to ave . and stopped at the bridge right by my apartment to stare at the moon over the lake . suicide . i was standing there for quite some time . i cried a bit and thought about calling an ex of mine to see if she still gave a about me but before i knew it i could feel that something was off . i had my in at this time so i ' t hear what was around me . especially behind me . i took an earplug out and a truck pull up and someone got out . i turned around to see who was there but they to be going towards the opposite end of the bridge . so i continued my cowardly walk home . it was at this juncture however that someone me from behind and forcefully put an ether soaked rag around my face . needless to say i lost consciousness and was . not knowing where i was taken i woke up in a long white room that was longer than the bridge i was just standing on . i was strapped down . my neck and were all strapped down tight enough that i could feel my heartbeat throughout my entire body . i was . as my fearful fog i could see her for the first time . she had really long finger . skinny with short black hair . scraggly but somehow still well kept . she was wearing fur so i got the impression that she was somewhat wealthy . her were full of sparkling jewelry and her neck was weighted in gold . her were pure evil . i ' t tell if they were dark brown or just straight up black . once i got a good look at her she spoke for the first time . " my you have beautiful . " once her were spoken her mouth to a eating grin that made me tear up . i . she maniacally and then . " no one can hear you here ! scream all you want it wont make a difference ! " after my fit i a door open behind me by a male voice . " milady we have a situation . " i tried to look around to see who it was but i was strapped down so tightly that i could barely move . she inched closer to my face then up at the unknown person then back at me and closed her with an angry expression on her face . " you ! this is the wrong girl ! " my heart was racing . with this i felt as if i might get back to my . i spoke out to the evil woman . " please ! please just let me go . i promise i won ' t say anything ! i just want to go home . " she at my body and then her met mine . she snapped her finger and i the sound of and squeaky approaching us . " oh honey you arent going anywhere . besides . . i ' already taken a liking to your . your are nice too . " the and stopped by my right side and i the walk away and a door shut . the evil woman made her way to the tray filled with medical equipment and that eating grin returned . her over the and she a spoon of some kind . " ah ! here we are . " she me and to dig into my right eye . i don ' t think i could scream any and i have never felt pain like this before . it was horrible . but she got what she . i could feel the blood trickling down my right cheek and into my ear . it me so much i to wipe it out . she a jar filled with a liquid of some kind out of her coat pocket and put my eye inside . " i want you to sit there and get used to that pain because i will be back for that other eye . " she the tray to the opposite side and left the room . i was fading in and out of consciousness but i that someone came in to clean my face and eye socket because i woke up to a sting in the right side of my face . it was probably medical staff or something . once they left the room i looking around to try and see any people or . nothing of the sort was present . in my movement of seeing what was around me my left hand could feel something . it was the tray . " stupid bitch you left the tray too close to me . " i thought to myself . i over at the and a scalpel was somewhat within reach . my were freed enough that i could inch my close to the tool and to my surprise i was able to grab the tool and start cutting the leather strap . there were a few times where i cut my own wrist but i was used to that kind of pain so that was totally to my advantage . my left hand broke free and i went to work on everything else and within a few i was on my . my head was pounding but i to get out of here . i over at the tray again to see if there was something bigger i could use as a weapon because i know that i ' m going to need to defend myself . i found something that a knife . i at that but i it and made my way to the end of the room behind me and the door . my vision was hazy but everything was white and there were seemingly everywhere . i down to see that i was still in my work clothes . i in my pocket to try and find my cell phone but it ' t there and they took my purse too because it ' t in the room i was just in . i turned to my right and an elevator that only had a button to go down and it ' t in use . i ran to it and the button . blood smeared on it and the elevator . thankfully no one was inside so i got in and the button for the first floor . i was on the eighth floor . once the elevator icon displayed that i was approaching the first floor i the knife and got into an attack stance . the elevator and i was now looking at an office setting of some kind . there were with glass to look inside the and i could see a group of people in some sort of meeting . the projector they had was that religious and i a man in a suit the to display the next . they harmless and i made my way to the door . a few people me and stood up quickly to let me in . when they the door i knew what kind of meeting they were . it was a seminar for young men to " atone " for the sin of being gay with the " support " of their . i . i cried and my right eye stung horribly . " what in name to you ? " the man that the door . two flanked me and for me to sit down . " no ! i need to get out of here ! i was taken here . please ! take me to a hospital ! call the police ! do something ! " i . everyone grew silent and i could hear in the group . it rather peculiar that a group of people to want nothing to do with a girl missing an eye that just how she was . a younger man immediately got up and over to me . " who did this to you ? " he . i told him what and he told me he would help . " i don ' t even know why i agreed to this up so this me a perfect reason to get the hell out of here . " he turned around and off the group . he ran over to what i thought were his and a set of while sticking his tongue out at them . " i ' m helping her you are all insane and i hope you burn in hell . there ' s nothing wrong with me but there ' s obviously something wrong with her so i am going to help while you all sit on your high and look stupid in your cheesy . " i at that . this was my kind of person and i was so glad that he was there . " c ' mon honey let ' s get the hell out of here ! " he my hand and led me out of that madhouse . we made our way to his station wagon and the sun was beaming on my face . it felt refreshing and i ' t care that it hurt my freshly out eye . we got in and he over at me and . " here i ' got a pretty cute silk scarf we can wrap over your eye for now . i ' m fresh out of eye matey . " we and he hit the gas . " what ' s your name sweetie ? " he . " . " i said in a tired and raspy voice . " what ' s yours ? " he turned the music down a bit . " but you can me " m " because i ' m giving you the nickname " em " so we can be " m m . " i in the mirror and i could tell he was also happy that the nightmare we were living in was behind us . " the nearest hospital is about away . so just tight and i ' put on some to lighten up the mood . " this guy was becoming my best friend at this point . about two in there was a red light we stopped at and a four way intersection in front of us . the light turned green and we both saw a truck coming straight towards us . it didnt seem to slow down at all . next thing we knew we were screaming and the truck into the front of the station wagon . the last thing i from my daze was seeing the evil woman in the front seat of the truck that just hit us head on pointing at me and laughing . the nightmare ' t over and we both got out of the vehicle . next thing i knew i woke up in a luxurious cabin in the to ' s voice . " em ! wake up ! " i could smell a fire and the crackling of the . it was strangely peaceful even in this terrible situation and i to look around . he was to my right and we were strapped to some sort of dolly . to my horror i ' s neck had fresh all the way around it . as if his head was attached to a different body . he was naked and bare and i that most of his ' t his own and they were on . when i down again my were correct . he was put together by that monster . " hurry up and take this scalpel i from them when they ' t looking and cut us free . they figured that this would render me useless for a while but they were dead wrong . they did this to me first to see if it would work and your next . these are in a hurry . i ' m still pretty weak so you need to do this . " when he spoke to me i could tell something was off about his voice . it was someone else ' s . they must have been some sort of scientific cult that actually figured out the . " hurry ! " he and me to reach behind him . we were close enough to each other and i got the scalpel and cut us loose . " alright we need to pretend like we are still unconscious and trick them . " we came up with a plan and . after what like a sound came from our left that like a hatch opening and ascending a ladder . " play " on fire " by . " the evil woman and one of her then stood in front of us . " i ' got to say you two . . i ' m at your attempt to escape but i ' got a little group on the first floor of my building that me if there is anything wrong in my facility . " spit in her face . " oh you stupid little whore . you ' got that church wrapped around your huh ? " she and . " literally . " she us off and her ring had a cross on it . " you ' re insane . " i said . " maybe . but i ' m not going to let you two get in my way again . " she over to a picture of a young woman and it . her and to speak . " she was only when she . i ' m glad she was so intelligent . my little prodigy . a gift from god . but god decided that she had to go . i don ' t question it but that ' t mean i have to accept it . she was in college biochemistry . her came across a study that could very well lead us to a revolutionary discovery . they ' t give up even after the college toward the study because they felt as if it was an issue to human nature . but not her . not her and not me . a group had her because she was so close to it out . everyone involved was off to keep quiet . so i took action and now i ' m going to get my daughter back and you know what dear ? you are going to help . " and i were speechless . " you are going to be my daughter reborn . " she dancing to the song and singing the that were just too for the situation . this put my head into gear for a fight . she slithers up to me and the same spoon like tool out from her coat pocket and to my left eye to scoop it out . i rushed her with the scalpel and put them up to her neck . " you ' re going to tell us how to get out of here . tell your goon to back off . " once this was set into motion the situation took an unexpected turn for the worse . she ' s penis and . " i ' m going to rip precious ' s cock off if you so much as pierce my flesh . " . " go ahead bitch my real dick was bigger this ' t even mine ! " she her goon to bring her a knife from the kitchen and he did so but slowly and cautiously . she and once the knife was in her hand i her right in the neck . blood all over her goon and the evil woman went through with it and cut ' s penis clean off then she fell to the floor . and then on the goon . any person with a brain would be pretty taken a back by a naked gay man who just got their dick cut off trying to jump on you . he bit into his neck with a rage i have never seen before and took a chunk out . he was dead within from the shock and blood loss . same with the evil woman . i rushed over to . " it ' s crazy what adrenaline can do . " i and to cry . my right eye ' t hurt . i was used to the pain more than ever now . looking in ' s i could tell he was slipping away from the blood loss . he was going to die and there was no reversing that . he . " this bitch really . that ' s so up . " i too . then cried more . " it ' s alright em . we did what we had to do and this is just how it is . i made my peace with it . i want you to get the hell out of here and get help . tell the world about this . these people need to be exposed . i ' m sure there are more of them i mean those two just came up from a secret ladder and . . " he and in pain . " just go em . please . " said . " i will always remember you . thank you so much you beautiful man . you ' re amazing . " i him on the forehead as he lay in my arms . he then let out his dying breath . so i got out of that cabin and found a road by the . covered in blood and barely i felt like i was at the end of the movie " massacre " as i made my way out on the road side watching the evening sky settle . there were that the road and the edge of the that i made my way over . i waved at an that was approaching me for aid . a man and a woman was inside and they the police while i what had just to us . they took me to the nearest hospital and i was and . apparently this group that me was connected to a string of all over the country . the woman was a member of religious group that was " name removed church " and also was under suspicion of cult involvement . they people and shut them down arresting a great number of . they told me to keep quiet about this incident because they ' t anything to the media . well i ' m not going to keep quiet . right now i am sitting in a hospital bed with my phone they found along with my at the building i was first brought to . i decided to write this all on here to tell my story . i albeit briefly who the right girl was . i really wish was still alive . after everything we went through together one thing is for certain i will never want to take my life again because i will live on for . the whistling and my father were always close . i had a great childhood lots of good and bad . my father was always there for me when i him the most . me and my father always hunting . it a passion after took me bird hunting . he t let me shoot but i was there watching . one thing i always could remember was the whistling . used to whistle while we were walking . we had an interesting tactic of walking . we went further away so we t see each other . this way we could guide all to a single spot . my dad would always whistle on and on . sometimes i would meet him in the forest while walking he would have the same smile on his face as always and i would each time say " nice whistling " . his smile would always grow and he would turn the other way and walk of my peripheral vision . this would happen on most hunting in the same forest . my dad t whistle in any other just this particular one . one day i my father . me dad why do you always whistle in the north east forest . he when i said that . dad what do you mean jack me ? me you always whistle while were walking and sometimes we would meet . dad jack you are the one whistling all the time . me that made me question my sanity . how could this be . i ' m positive i saw my father on the whistling . me i did you see me while walking ? dad yes of course you would always smile when i said you were good at whistling then i told to my father to forget it . so i always thought that he was whistling but somehow it was me the whole time . there was only one way to end this . i went to the north east forest on my own and the whole way through for whistling . halfway through the forest i it . the same whistling as every trip . i continued to walk the trail . after about ten i saw something . someone from the bush came on to the trail . there was something familiar about him i just t put my finger on it . then i he was wearing a very similar outfit to mine . he kept on whistling and walking . i at him nice whistling after few he stopped and turned around . mouth in a big smile . it was me smiling . the other me said your family me whistling and for that i ' m not going to kill you . i was nervous and just back . he walking in the other way . when i t see him i ran . when i got to my car i was out of breath and exhausted . i t believe what i saw in the forest . when i went into my car i could see in the a man that identical to my father whistling . he was smiling and waved at me . i out of there . when i got home was sitting on the couch watching . i t tell him about the encounter but i told him to never go to the forest again . i never want to see the man again . the north east forest is a hot spot for missing and apparently me and my father were very lucky that we whistling . it is foggy out . cold . i m not worried about anyone hanging out by the this morning . occasionally there can be one or two people left over from the night before but the chill in the air will have them all away . it will be peaceful . i take the long way breathing in the fishy air and slowly making my way down the winding street . it is calm . not even the have risen from their . i head up towards the dock passing the sludgy creekside that to the brim when there s a storm . right now it s about halfway full still holding on to the of last week . there is a green film growing over the top brilliantly green in the day time but muddy now due to the fog . out of the mud and algae a bright red flash of color my eye . it s out of place in the damp colorless morning so i squint . i can t tell what it is . i walk towards it . it s a shoe . a red converse high top is stuck in the side of the bank . someone must have lost it climbing up but i t seen it yesterday . maybe a drunken teen getting out of the road last night . i noted it as odd and continued on . i am the dock as was the creekside . it would release all of its contents into the lake as i would release my . the thought gave me peace . suddenly a white shirt . the shirt is covered in sticks and leaves but still puffed up above the water it lay in . it was not just a shirt . i hurry myself towards the bank opening over the edge to get a closer look . there is a body . a young woman in the creek hair flowing into the lake . her face is blue and bloated . she nothing like herself . dirt and grime crust the of her . one of her is missing . i gasp almost falling over from the shock . i have to get someone . i wait no longer taking myself back up the road rushing back to my home as fast as is possible with that no longer run . it maybe ten . i reach the telephone plugged into the kitchen wall dialing the station with a shaky finger . sheriff ! thank goodness it s you . i found a body in the creekside on my morning walk . i am shaking now so much that i can hardly stand . ? sheriff . yes sheriff it s me . i was out on the morning walk and i saw a body . there s a girl oh god i am overcome with despair the . the sheriff . is home ? what ? i struggle to think . what does he mean ? why does he sigh ? have i not just told him i found a dead body ? dad ? a voice from behind me . i turn . there is a man standing there . dad ? he old . how can i be his father ? dad who are you talking to ? i tell him . the sheriff ! i found a body . i am confused by his reaction and the silence of the sheriff . the man stricken with sadness . the sheriff does not seem to understand what i m saying . dad give me the phone . i am confused . he the phone . i know sir . i am sorry . he must have gone out while i was sleeping . i know . yes sir . thank you . he turns around still frowning . there is a deep sorrow in his that i recognize . his face is covered in worry . it as if he never . he like i did when my daughter t come home from school . ? i say . he is my son . his name is . he like me . oh dad . he his head . you can t go on these in the morning dad . he at me again trying to be stern but with sadness still on his brow . it s dangerous for you to be there by yourself . but ! i grip his trying to get him to understand what i saw . there was a body in the creek . it was a girl . she had blue and long hair s red and his . a trembling lip out another sigh . dad there was no body . boy there was . i show you ! i dad you have to stop this . i can t go on like this . if he t understand i d head back there myself . people would be there soon enough and i d show them . i turn to grab a cane from the closet . i had forgotten it for my morning walk . it would be easier to return with it in hand . near the closet there is a picture on the wall . i pause to stare at it . it is my daughter . her name was . she did not come home after school . she was a junior . i found her body in the . i turn to look at . he is now sitting on the couch head in . his shake . what am i doing to him ? my heart with despair . my daughter is gone and i have ruined my son . tomorrow morning i will head to the lake and put an end to it all . as far back as i can remember the old woman lived under the . she t really bother anyone most of the time . she s one of those people that just goes about her business but never really any business you know ? i think the word is a busy body although what s left of her body t in great shape my were pure bliss . we lived in a palatial estate with two story that a babbling brook or a mighty flowing river depending on the season . everything was perfect . . . at first . to go awry when i that not everyone had an old woman living under the . when i was younger my and dad to talk about the old woman except to set down very strict . they made me write them on a small in my room again and again . never talk to the old woman under the . never tell anyone about the old woman under the . if you see the old woman staring at you and her left eye is hop on your left foot until she away . never ever give the old woman a gift . do not call the old woman grandma like any other i was curious but my were always good to me and i had no reason to believe they would ever lie . when you re a your walk on water . change when you get older . as i grew i got and more curious . i more but i never from the . my had little tolerance for that and . i thought looking back on it they were as perplexed as i was growing to be . still i m not one to buck the . instead i to take . i was a scribbling down any bit of information i thought future me would need to remember . i had a library of my own spinning about the thing that caught my eye . but the bulk of the were about the old woman . over the course of several and possibly as a sad comment on my detective i only three . the old woman never spoke aside from the name . the old woman never came out from under the at night . the old woman always in the same pattern a turn two slight and four . this third idiosyncrasy was not the easiest to document . sometimes she would turn left sometimes right sometimes she would start on the or make a wide arc . but at the end of the day the seven step pattern was to repeat itself . i m not sure if she the rhythm or if it possessed her . throughout my investigative journalist phase with a successful career writing for an audience of one i would probe my about her the house anything . no the house is not . no it is not built on an burial ground . no your father and i are not in a . and to be fair the house was in the late ' s and no one that i knew of had there . so the mystery and as i grew older i could tell my were increasingly worried that i would break a rule . my mother more so as she would constantly nag me . and if we re being honest i sure as hell t going to tell anyone about this creepy old woman nor was i going to give her a gift . and she sure as hell was not my grandma both of whom had away before i was born . over the the until all my mother would say was one and three one and three because she knew those were the only two mistake i was likely to make . in high school i to lose interest in the old woman . she t bother me and i t bother her . she sure as hell t help me with my gangly during my growth spurt or when turned me down for junior . she was useless to me so i her . then life s pace to pick up and before i knew it i was through college then on to get my i met the love of my life we married and had two . i t been back to my house in almost a decade . they came to live with us for a month when our daughter was born and for two when our son came into this world . we took plenty of together but they had a two bedroom house in a small suburb dusty and surrounded by charmless strip and . we never grew apart but i rarely went back . plus while my wife knew about the old woman i had no idea how to explain her to my and that sadly us to today . my father t doing so well dementia had a vice grip on him and on a good day he could barely remember my mother s name . he was now living in a full time care facility and my mother strong in her old age had finally decided to move out of her house to be closer to him . the upkeep was starting to take its toll and i was more than happy to offer to move her out of the house and into an apartment . we set aside a weekend and i drove down to get . the house strangely quiet as i through the door but i figured my mother was upstairs . still it much quieter than i . at the time i t put my finger on it . i a few from the kitchen and thought i a thump upstairs . i should investigate in case my mother had fallen i sped nervously around the corner to the still in hand . turning the corner dangerously fast i came face to face with a nightmare of skin teeth sagging and a twisted sneer . in sheer panic i the i t seen that face in over a decade and those . . . into me . . . my mind was blank . i m . . . i m i to stammer out an apology before freezing in terror . rule never talk to the old woman under the . terror rose in me as i frozen in a pose . i felt the bile churn in my stomach as her left eye to twitch . i to run so badly but i knew i t . that was all my mind could process don t run . so i my firmly . both . her jaw as a deafening shriek from the bowels of hell and tore through my and several . my mother still quick on her came down the as fast as she could before halting a look her face . she turned to me her full of love and beginning to tear up and to say i m . . . i m before the old woman turned on her and her assumed a thousand yard stare . she to the ground . the old woman along with her and to claw her way over to my mother as i ran to her side . i her head in my my idiocy . as the old woman i raised a hand to strike her . what could she do to me now ? she had taken my mother from me and i her to suffer to feel an ounce of the pain coursing through my . but from the ground my mother s hand shot up to my wrist to stay my hand . with her last dying gasp she had the old woman . i back confused angry and hurt . my vision was as the old woman put a hand to my mother s cheek . she to writhe twisting and churning and forming the most bone crunching unnatural until her body to snap . black liquid from every orifice as well as the new by the . it from her frail body and seeped into my mother . my head spun and within i hit the ground . hard . i woke up several later . my mother and the old woman were gone . i rubbed my trying to make sense of what had . i it was a dream but i knew it t . i a chair up to the kitchen table and sat down to collect my going over those last . right before i out i remember something flashing across the old woman s face . for a brief moment it was not the disgusting skin dripping old hag that lived under the but a warm kind face of an elderly woman gazing lovingly . and suddenly a series of through my head . riding my bike when i was those are so bright ! blinding and just before the car could hit me i to fall out of its path . i barely registered the hand yanking the back of my shirt . swimming in the ocean on vacation in with my when i was swimming out a little too far swimming into danger . i felt the rush of the current on my hand as it sliced through the deadly water . thankfully i to divert at the last second although i t be sure what me so hard . driving home from college for . i had spent too many sleepless nights in the library without caffeine or a in sight i was fading fast . i had just more to go but my t stay open . i off briefly by the horn and bright of the semi truck towards me on the icy winter and by the grace of god my car narrowly it . i don t remember exactly what the wheel though . memory after memory came flooding in an endless stream of near and close . and every time something small but inexplicable to avoid injury or death . i hazily as i drove home to see my wife and . i would have to tell them of course and i d figure out a way to make my wife comfortable and my both safe and prepared . as i slipped quietly through my front door i already knew what i would find . i to say a few to her acknowledge her presence anything to let her know i knew and i her . of course i t . i m sure she knew . my came racing around the corner screeching to a halt when they saw a ragged old woman emerge from under the one small hop three repeat . i to myself as i them into the living room . come on let s go get a blackboard . we need to talk about some new house and a nice old woman who ' s going to be living with us from now on i had a friend . she t all there if you know what i mean . she was nice though . she always had a kind word to say about anyone or anything . it was a very rare thing to hear her say anything negative . here is where you can tell she t all there . she anything that can cast a reflection . it t that she thought she was ugly or anything like that . she just truly that a person s reflection was not an actual reflection . i know everyone had that thought once in their but for her it t a thought . she really with all her heart that there was something more to a reflection . she had no in her room or bathroom . she up the in her room and would not go into any other room until the were to cover the . she even her to have take out her bathtub and replace it with a standing shower only . i think her were happy to have their own bathroom so they can still have a mirror and a tub . she never got near any and would avoid that had . she was with rain but if there were large or if the streets flooded she would refuse to leave the house . i m her put up with this for so long . don t get me on . she of any kind . there were no family or with her in them . once i had tried to take a with her it was her birthday she my phone out of my hand and had melt down . yelling and screaming about how we can be or something . it was hard for me to make out what she was trying to say . i never knew a voice could reach such a high pitch . i guess her had enough . she was sent away to a mental hospital . she was supposed to get therapy to help her figure out why she in such a way . i that did not go well but no one will give me any of the . i m not to them since i was just a friend and not family . though her did give me a journal . it was my friend s . her told me that it felt like an invasion of her daughter s privacy if she were to read it . i felt the same way but i read it anyway . i to know what . the journal was written while she was in the hospital her therapist it . i never read anything like it . i had no idea just how she was about until now . i wish i had known maybe i could have done something to help her . then again maybe not . i mean if a trained professional t help then how would i ? in the journal my friend how she had in a mirror one day in the girl s bathroom at our school . this was before i knew her . anyway she was just doing a very common thing we all do when we look in a mirror . she was just to see if she presentable for the day . but when she went to fix a strand of hair that just t stay in place her reflection did not copy her . in fact her reflection just froze . staring at her . at first she was confused . she waved her hand . her reflection t wave back . it just kept on staring . my friend was getting . her reflection finally did something . it . it t a friendly smile . according to the journal it was a malicious smile . a smile that spoke of wanting to harm someone and it would enjoy every moment of it . this kept happening every time she was at her reflection on anything . even her old that she had taken had that smile now . in her panic my friend ended up all her and old home . she was that if she kept on seeing her reflection then something bad would happen . in her journal she wrote how no one would believe her though . she lost her old cause of her hysteria . that was when she decided that she would just not talk about it and to avoid anything that would cause a reflection . i think this is about the time i met her . she wrote about that too . how i her first friend after all this . i am happy to know that i made her feel slightly normal since i was never one to constantly take picture or myself in . she was happy again . until that is her sent her to that hospital . she wrote how her therapy mainly of talking about . that was fine with her . now she had someone to talk to about it . then came the time where her therapist would start bring a small compact mirror and encourage my friend to look into it for a few during her sessions . every time she her reflection would stare back with that same smile . she tried to show it to her therapist . but the therapist never saw it . she stopped making progress after a few sessions with the compact mirror . she got worse . the last entry was the to read . she was told by both her that they had given permission for the therapist to do an extreme form of therapy . she was to be locked in a room surrounded by floor to ceiling for a few . she was so . she wrote how she was afraid she would die before the session was over . that she would be helpless since she would be forced to wear a strait jacket to make sure she t harm herself just in case . she was right . she that day in that room . her told me it was from fright . that her heart gave out . her t look convinced about that though . but how else could that have . i guess i will never know the truth . it s odd though . i m not sure if it s because of the journal or that i want to feel some type of closeness to the friend that i will never see again . but when i was standing in front of the mirror in my bathroom today my reflection t follow my . it at me . with the same kind of smile that my friend in her journal . it could be my imagination . after all it s just a reflection right ? for the past eight i ' as the commanding officer of a special task force and as of today i ' officially handed over my position . now obviously i ' m not going to tell you which task force this is nor am i at liberty to discuss what we do or what we have done . but what i am going to tell you are the we are to follow . i guess writing this as a form of catharsis for me now that i ' m no longer in command . to major not his real name but i assume the person in question will know i ' m him when he the if you ' re reading this know that i have great confidence in your ability to lead but i cannot emphasize this enough . follow the damned even if they sound like superstitious nonsense . you see when i took over command eight ago i probably had the same you ' re now . i still remember the day i took over as though it were yesterday . xb xb " good morning sir ! " " good morning corporal . at ease . " at my the young corporal hastily cut down his salute and me a beaming smile . i took a glance at his name tag and " corporal where would i find the office of lieutenant colonel ? " his smile grew even . it was frankly alien to me how one could be so happy in the mornings particularly a cold and dreary morning like this one . who the hell so much at a superior officer ? either he ' s a complete kiss ass or there ' s something seriously wrong with this guy . " it ' s right this way sir this road third building to the right " is his smile getting ? what exactly did i say to make him so damn happy ? feeling my stand on end from his increasingly creepy smile i him with a wave and drove off in the direction he pointed me in . hopefully he ' t smiling because he was a prank on the new guy . sure enough his were accurate and i soon found myself sitting in the office of one major . the person i was here to take over . imagine those special force you see in totally not accurate by the way then crank that image of all the way up to eleven . and then crank it up some more . throw in a full sleeve tattoo of a dragon that all the way up to and around the neck thick on the forehead and hazel that look like they ' re seeing all your past and you for them . that is what major like . he was a beast of a man is what i ' m saying . someone who would mess you up if you so much as at him the wrong way . someone who like he wakes his alarm clock up in the mornings . and to top it off his voice was thunderously gruff . it made every word out of his mouth seem like he was engaging you in a shouting match . good thing he ' s a man of few . " major rick . good seeing ya . like the view from ya new office ? " " it ' s all right sir . its an honor for me to " " cut the rick . nobody to command this and you know it . " " right sir . this as you put it to be the single most well task force this side of the world . it really is an honor . " " well maybe this ' change your mind . " i took the piece of crumpled paper he handed me . funny i would ' figured this guy for someone who would demand for his paper to be and wrinkle free like his . opening the note revealed a list of hand scribbled in different hand . like it ' s a note down through of cos . " well don ' t just gawk at it read it ! or are you a who can ' t even read ? " the note was simply titled " . " xb . out for everyone at hrs daily whilst in base . . between out and reveille if you hear the sound of a bouncing ball ignore it . keep your closed and pretend to be asleep . . frequency . is not to be used for any training or . . number in echo coy is the only bunk with three . the middle door must not be closed . . no training to be in base on nights . any night training that place on must be outside of base . . the range only . there is no target . do not engage target . . if an old woman you wherever you are and to sell you food buy whatever it is she but never eat the food . do not accept any change from her . and for the love of god do not reject her . . if you ever hear a soft giggling behind you do not turn around . do not acknowledge it . . never use the shower after hrs . see rule number . . she does not appreciate anyone knowing about her . . regardless of your religion go to the altar on the roof once a week at and bow in silence for one minute . this is the only exception to rule number . . if the approach you and ask for your help help them in whatever way you can . they may deign to reward you . . if you are by someone do not speak to him . there is no within our base . . she . i rolled my at the list of superstitious nonsense . this was probably a hazing process for new cos set up so that the staff and play a prank on them . probably some sick initiation tradition that i ' d have to scrap in my tour . however rule made me slightly uneasy . did they set it up so that the first person i met would be the corporal ? no wonder he was all . " sir how ' d you know the first person i met would be corporal ? was the prank that far in advance ? " at me me on the back and . " son if ya already broke the on your first day how the hell are ya survive the rest of ya tour ? " " sir i ' been part of in my day . hell i ' even some of them but this is by far the most elaborate form of hazing i ' ever seen . well done sir i ' m in awe . " shaking his beefy head " look . we ' t hazing ya . ya need to listen very carefully . do not up the other . ' s a major pain in the ass but he ' t the worst thing that ' happen to ya . " " sir i mean no disrespect but you can ' t possibly expect me to believe that this . . this list of is true . " fed up behind him out a thick file and it in my direction . " this here is the battalion nominal roll . all of our " are in there . take a look and tell me if ya see an . " fortunately the nominal roll was meticulously sorted in accordance to rank . as i through the list of there was no to be found . this can ' t be possible . maybe he was wearing someone else ' s uniform . yet as i through the none of the even remotely that creepy smiling man i met at the gate this morning . " that ' s impossible . . . " " i know ya got . but i ' t got the time nor the to answer ya . the governor ' s coming in and i go get his entourage ready . " " i . . i . . " " patty ! get in here and brief our while i go get the ladies presentable for the governor . " at his command the door slid open and in came the woman i ' d ever seen well this side of the wire anyway . shoulder length platinum blonde hair tied neatly into a clear blue as as the . i ' m not ashamed to admit i was instantly smitten . " captain patty at your service sir . i ' m serving as the executive assistant to the commanding officer of the force . i understand as of today that ' d be you sir . " she a smile and stuck out her hand . " close that damned mouth of yours major before you swallow a fly . i know patty here ' s a sight for sore but don ' t you be getting any now . captain patty ' s a distinguished honor graduate from the nd ranger course . she ' t just a pretty face . " " major rick . i ' m err i ' m the commanding officer as of today . pleasure to meet you . " i shook her hand . her hand ' s surprisingly clammy . " patty get the major up to date on the of this place and brief him about the . " " sir ! " as i laid in bed that night i my as i patty ' s reaction when she was explaining to me . " well that ' s it sir that ' s the whole list now . so you don ' t need to worry about all right ? sometimes i suspect he ' s just lonely . he ' s always looking for someone to talk to sir . sir ? is everything ? " how can anything be ? based on everything i ' d something was seriously wrong with this place . mass ? i ' t find any sort of logical for any of the she had . " patty i think you forgot about rule number . " her formed a thin line and her . then quietly and almost imperceptibly she shook her head . forcing a smile she said " well then i ' d best go back to my work now sir . let me know if you need anything else ! " that was weird . i guess i ' ask the at in the morning . my phone . " hello sir ! is at it ' be a mile coastal run by staff sergeant . ! " i left her on read and at the time . . right time for some shut eye . the of the day weighed on my mind and as i tried to drift off into the blissful embrace of sleep i something was wrong . it was too quiet . it was late at night but this was a different kind of silence . normally what we think of as silence ' t true silence it ' s our out and all the background noise . but this was different . it was a total and complete silence . no soft of electronics in the background . no of . it was as though time itself had stopped . total . complete . silence . my gut wrenched . then as though the previous silence was an illusion in the distance i a faint thump . thump . xb xb thump . xb thump . was it getting closer ? it like someone was bouncing a ball down the hall . thump . a sickening realization hit me . the thumping was right beside my bed ! my heart and i my shut . why ' t i any ? i slowly slid my hand underneath my pillow and tightly my trusty k bar . all right whoever it is is have a very bad time . " grandma can i play with him ? " the young boy ' s voice nearly disarmed me . what was a doing here ? there ' t any live in on this base . even if there were how the hell did they get into my room ? an elderly woman ' s voice out to the boy . it further away . from the doorway perhaps ? " no dear the are tired and they ' re already . you can play tomorrow . " " but this . one . is . still . awake . " two clammy my face with impossible force . i ' t keep my shut any longer . i my and out . or at least i tried to . in front of my was a boy two tiny still my face . his they ' re entirely black ? the boy ' s face distorted into a grin . and then he . " sir ! are you all right ! " " wha . . what . what . the . flying . ! " i snapped my open only to see the worried face of patty looming over mine . " it ' s sir . when you ' t turn up for i figured something like this had . " " what ? " i around . this ' t my room . how did i get into my office ? by my side was a pool of dried blood . and as i checked myself for wounds i found the source of it . two small on my wrist . what the ? patty was staring at my desk shaking her head and sighing " wow sir this must be some kind of new record . breaking four in your first . " what ? stuck to my desk was a note written in my own blood . it simply said let ' s play together again you ask yes . every shift is technically a graveyard shift . hi ! my name is and i been employed with cemetery management for i think now but time fly s when you re fun so that may not be true . the cemetery at we ward the at and our start their mischief at . but most importantly break time is at in the morning . i like break time it s the only time i can watch and eat my . if you re too lazy to read and want this story read to you please follow this link ! episode ! cemetery is and by the city of and our leader used to be but he s a tenant now . when he the job went to the second in command his son . the thing about our cemetery is that like old . seriously when trained me for night shift i brought along air . if it was going to smell like it was going to smell like a beautiful flower forest that the rare and exquisite lily . it was still gross and i swear i smell in my . however is still my boss and i respect him . i hope he t find this . our cemetery is a great place ! here you can bury your dad that hoe that s sleeping with your husband rabbit and grandma ! what they do after they re in the ground is up to them . for some reason just don t stay down . i don t know why i ask s dad when i see him . right now there s of us who try to make go as smoothly as possible and there s a rule that people have to work a shift . you can not be alone no matter what . my buddy used to be ben but the boss found out that we spent most of our nights card with old man . i instead got paired up with who is great with the hoard of ! we work for a month then switch to days . days are boring just people mourning their and hide and seek . night is where it exciting ! we get trained for night for with before we re paired up with someone else . this a week of before you can even attempt a night shift . they said we had to do this because of something about the turn over ? i m not sure . anyways we learn how to keep ourselves and everything else out of trouble . my favorite moment from my time was when i found out we were by one of the family s in our city . the family lived in ever since was . recently the daughter away and she was to be buried that day and i was to work the p . m . to a . m . shift . ben and ruby worked that morning and were both waiting by the door at . and i got there at close to the same time and the file for the new tenant . away from a severe asthma attack after she too much perfume . she was only old . a shame really . i hope the perfume at least smelled good . and i set about drawing on the ground to keep everything in and keep people out . we set out four protective in the four and chained the with special engraved and . we were effectively locked in and everyone locked out . even if they tried to get in their mind would wonder to something that was suddenly more important . t seem to have a violent death so we were she would stay down . usually a violent death or special cause our tenant to come back and cause some mischief . except the . they just like to around to mess with people . regardless i set out with the salt to draw a salt circle to keep her in if she did come back as an angry spirit . maybe she really that bottle and she to smash it . i set a camera to point at the grave and some of the so we could have a clear shot if anything . and i in the little office we have set up . it was blessed by every spiritual person we could find and in the it s been here nothing bad gotten inside . s dad somehow a way in but he was always too stubborn to follow the . he won t tell us how . i suspect one day his loop hole will lead me into a life journey . i m totally universe please don t take me seriously . and i sat in the office and for any of trouble . the were distracted by some we left out it like there was a dance party in one of the and the weeping widow was distracted by her reflection in a mirror someone threw out . i was about to go out and speak to . when got my attention . hey . you should come see this . i think something funny . crap . was angry ? did she want to get revenge on a perfume bottle ? maybe it did smell really bad . hey what s wrong ? yeah that s not . that t look like anyone i know . she was right . trapped in the circle and very spaghetti was a woman much older then . we let stay if we either can t get rid of them or they mean no harm . if they re not showing their death mark they can stay . however this woman was clearly showing her death mark . she had a slit across her throat and multiple stab wounds in her torso . she was the invisible barrier that the salt around a vengeful spirit . boy was it going to be a long night . i the salt gun a flashlight and some holy water in a spray bottle aka no no spray . thankfully the family plot t far . the moment the vengeful spirit saw me she saying that would make a sailor blush . excuse me yes if you would stop for a moment i would be more then happy to help you . she at me like any wild animal would . let me out . i have something to take care of . this poor woman went through hell before she . now that i was closer i could see that her had like she was bound together and there was a deep bruise around her neck like she had been . i tried to sound as sympathetic as i could while she was still trying to fight the salt circle . i figured if she tired herself out i could force her to listen to me . i turned to walk away and go back to my gummy when she stopped fighting . please ! please don t leave ! i can t be on my own . i just don t understand . finally . i could get a word in . i turned around to see all the gone and the woman . i figured now i could figure out what . hi there . my name s . do you mind telling me what ? i know it may be painful but i d like to help you . she sunk down and sat on the ground . my . i live on the streets of . i work as one of . s ladies . . me money to come with him and i took it . his wife in on us . she at him and he told her i him and forced myself on him . the last thing i remember is the man choking me and his wife a dagger from the table . everyone about . s classy ladies . or run who have no where to go . a woman them and them to her house one town over . she them to their then to let them stay with her for a small fee you have to work for her . most woman know her deal and most woman take it . something about her just trust worthy . she her on the bottom of their right foot and they work for her until they run away or disappear . it s not uncommon to find her ladies disposed of somewhere . the police have been on to . for . i m so sorry that to you . but you need to find a way to let it go . . wrong thing to say . back up and i could see the starting to come back . in a moment they were back and that wild animal was back in her . she to not look human . let it go ? i . i that pig . i him and look what to me . look at me ! she beating on the barrier again . i her with the no no spray which only made her angry at me too . at this point i had a few . i could wait for the sun to force her to disappear while i told the police what and hopefully that would be enough to send her i could just continuously salt circle her and keep her here i could kill the but that would be too much or i could force her soul to move on . i like the last idea . i gave a call to bring the and some ear . while i kept her with the holy water got to work setting up a circle and drawing a few in the dirt . she set up a candle right on the edge of the circle and to light it . no it t a candle blessed from the church . it was a bath and body works chocolate lava cake . it was a wick if that it any . made sure we both had a bundle of sage and to light them . after our in we and to ask whatever god would listen to please take this spirit and send them to the afterlife . everything in the cemetery to stand still once we . there was no breeze . there were no . we t hear any . nothing . we knew someone was listening and ready to step in . we our sage high as to screech . great wise one the one who the one with the . we have for you another lost soul to claim . please guide them to their next destination . let them find peace . to glow as to surround her . these are the of the who have come to guide her to her next destination . i don t know where they go . maybe . everything to go to . slowly to calm down . there was no more fighting . her up her gone . with one last look to both of us she to explode into a million of light . this sometimes sometimes they sink into the ground sometimes they curl into a ball and just keep getting smaller . it s usually different . the light to race towards the sky and the to be a little . the candle burned out and the cemetery to get its natural groove back . we could hear the lost singing and the widow weeping . we the and headed back to the safety of the office . i filled in on what . the rest of the shift went pretty uneventful except for the fact that the lost decided to see who could climb the to the top of the oak tree . the tree tried to see which child it could fling the farthest . one it was a little out and everything to be peaceful i the sheriff s office to fill them in on what . believe it or not we call them often . one of the is a close friend and i happen to have his personal number . i it up and gave him a call . a sleepy familiar voice picked up the phone . it s . why are you calling me ? because it s your job as my brother ? and because i m calling for official police business . what do you want ? well detective i have a story for you . i told him everything that with . how it was the that she was working and that she was taken care of but i d like to know what actually to . he to be more awake now . i see what i can find out but you know the will cover this all up even if they did have to murder their own flesh in blood . i know but disclosure . i need to know what . . i call around . be careful don t poke around where you don t belong . yeah yeah . love you . don t forget family dinner . love you too sis . by the time i hung up the phone the morning crew had unlocked the gate and was up . luckily it was so i t have to write a report on what last night . i filled him in on what with with family . he t seem that family always been corrupt . about that time . up officially relieving me and . the set out to open the cemetery and we set out to take a nap . also i never finished my gummy . that s probably the part of this story . hey hear about me poker for my soul ? xb when my father had his mm s pistol to his temple i had been five hundred away working through a caffeine haze to meet the looming deadline for my next column . i d only received the call two days later after a concerned had made a house call and found his body across the kitchen table . there was no note explanation for his . my father lived and a mystery to all who knew him me . he was a reclusive man to shut himself away in his study . after debating with myself for a while i decided to travel over to pay my final . despite our he was still the man who raised me . the funeral was a quiet affair exactly the way he would have it by about ten or so people the few and that he had left . i had met with my father s lawyer after he was buried who had through a stack of . i was to find out that my father had left me the house even though it had been since we had last spoken . i had no intention of living in it my first impulse was to put it on the market as soon as possible . even as an adult just walking into his office was enough to make my stomach swirl with nausea . a box the of of lay on the polished oak of his desk their through with to card that bore my father s hasty cursive . some had been grotesquely by the glass that lay across the board until they about the size of a human thumb amidst an assortment of forceps brushes and glass . the papery polychromatic of were peeled back on a setting board looking ready to flap away at any minute . as a child i d vivid about my father s macabre collection coming to life and crawling all over me . i could barely stand to be in that room for more than five . i could never understand why my father had devoted his entire life to them . as i tried to around the clutter pain exploded up my leg from my foot . i hopped backwards on one leg my big toe painfully . half under my father s desk was a battered leather suitcase . assuming it was just more of his as he d to call them i d the expanse of the desk and found a small oval headed brass key hidden amongst the mess . after steadying myself i d slid it in and unlocked it . nothing could have prepared me for what met my . stuffed inside the suitcase was a dark green tubular object about two long . the texture was hard almost shell like but felt polished to the touch . when i my hand on it faint of life through . a chrysalis . as i was lifting up the suitcase my finger caught on the latch tearing through the skin sprinkling red onto the green . even though i was far from an expert as my father had been i knew that one of this size t normal . i had no idea that something like this could exist but here one sat on the floor of an unremarkable house in rural colorado . rifling inside for any a dust covered leather bound journal tumbled onto the carpet . as i picked it up and through the i the scribbled inside my father s handwriting . after leaving the object where i d found it i d gone to the living room where i found myself able to breathe . seating myself down on the sofa i d leafed through to the very first entry . may th the tribe deep within the our guide we have to hike a day or two to reach them . i still can t believe that we re actually here that the university us the for this trip . as costly as it was what we will return to the with will be priceless . i have reason to believe that that area is home to an undiscovered species of of unusual size more locally known as the ghost moth . no one else me but the are too prolific to just be fairy tales . i know it s out there and these people might just help me find it . i the word from the winding my father went on in the rare few he d actually spoken to me . he had tried to enlighten me about the insect world but just induced of skull numbing boredom . i read the passage over and over trying to make sense . it like the scientific discovery of the century so why had he it up in a suitcase for over twenty ? may th we re getting closer now . the jungle a wonderful array of exotic i wish that i had enough desk space for them all . but they t my goal here . the only one i m coming home with is the ghost moth itself . i woke up still sitting on the couch the sun warming the back of my neck . the journal sat on my lap still at the same page . while trying to rub the sleep from my i to the kitchen past the adjacent office the door still open . after reality hit me i back to the doorway . the suitcase was empty . i rushed into the room scattering up the that the ground . there just a few away lay the chrysalis . i stood here trying to make sense of the situation . i had left it lying inside the suitcase . there was no possible way that it could have . i ' d probably just it over without when i ' d found the diary . may th we at their village just before sundown . though our guide to clear the air for us the people remain cautious understandably slow . they barely say a word standing still like and watch us from behind the . they see it as a god . they speak of livestock and even that were snatched up in the middle of the night by it . they live in silence for fear that the noise will draw its presence . they have a name for it which roughly the winged white one that . it s the kind of that out here in the wild up by unseen in the dark . it s not about to stop us now . dad i shook my head . whenever my father got on something he just t let go . there was no one or nothing could pry him away from it not me not his or even my mother leaving him . he would toil over it for without sleep or food until he was certain even when he had lost everything else . may th i keep hearing something cry out in the night . it s probably a jaguar or something of the like . the to go beyond the tree border . i can see now why they were afraid . even our can t penetrate the darkness . we gone too far now . i m not coming back to the empty handed . my over the tattered edge of the page . i t know what i was going to find on the other side . i felt as if i had found something that was never meant to be discovered . the next entry was less legible than the previous my father s usually compact script now spidery ink that slid over the lined . the patterned with panicked reddish brown . i had to spend a few roving over it in to decipher it and when i did my stomach . may th it took henry in the night . we were seated around the fire when we the most horrible scream . i never forget it as long as i live . we were all sitting around the campfire when suddenly there was a flap of and he from the log he was sitting on . the last we saw was him screaming twenty off the ground still in that horrible thing s . i can t explain how it . i of the moth but this is something far beyond that . like that t supposed to exist in this world . may th the jungle is endless . civilization to get farther away the longer we travel . it took two more of us in the night . was the first to go she was going to get married in the summer after we came back . it through her like paper . we found of hanging in the . the screaming i can almost hear their in its call . it can probably smell the fear out of my right now . i wish i d to the . there s so much more to fear than the dark . may th i m the last one left . i m from it in the but i reckon i only have a few days at most before it me just like it did to the rest . i can hear it calling me taunting me in henry s voice . it s trying to lure me out . this thing t any creature of earth it s a devil . the one thing that is keeping me alive is the hope of finding its nest . it s probably nocturnal so i have a better chance of it in the day . that is if i even make it to dawn . may th it s over . i tracked it through the jungle to its nest with a rag on a stick soaked in kerosene . it was twenty worth of sticky white that from tree to tree . i it before i saw it . however this time i was ready . i the stick and used the light to lure it in before i threw it at night . i never forget the as it writhed about on the jungle floor as its were burnt to ashes . i know that it won t bring henry or the back . my are just as by their blood as that creature s proboscis . but i refuse to let their be in vain . i need to know what this thing is even if it me my entire life . i m the only survivor but i m not alone . i hurled the book down my heart quivering in my mouth . i was determined to do what my father never had the courage to do and destroy it . i would burn that chrysalis until there was nothing left but ashes . whatever was inside it it t belong here . as i was digging through the kitchen cabinet a sound like a watermelon being split open pierced the air . i to the source of the sound my father s study the door open . the chrysalis was swelling up before my very the fragile covering cracking and onto the floor as it to contain the rapidly growing form within . of my own bleeding finger through my mind overcome with a sick realization . it was already too late . somehow i knew that i was responsible for its awakening . a pair of massive white themselves out of a large fracture with the about three across . i stood frozen the box of still in my hand both and . the gave an experimental flap up a blast of cool air that nearly me over . there was one final peeling crack as the entity inside it wrenched itself out . although i only got a brief glimpse of it i can say that it was no insect . no specimen in my father s workshop ever had a single pair of long milk white almost human arms crowned with five long that themselves out of their cracked cocoon . the last thing i remember is a tall shape at me so fast that i t make out anything else . i awoke to the acrid taste of my own blood slithering down the bridge of my nose and dripping into my mouth from the wound on my forehead . as i myself off the ground and back into consciousness i aware of a low howl growing in my by a sound . i my groping around the floor for anything that might be considered a viable weapon . a sharp pain up my forearm . looking down i saw the carpet was sprinkled with of broken glass . an abrasive chill my cheek and i up to see a star shaped hole in the adjacent window where the wind through just above the chrysalis now a long shell . the in the air that inside . i out into the falling night as the winged creature shrank into the distance heading in the direction of the of the distant town already into existence its shriek shaking the sky . i wish i could tell you how my and i were into the excruciating pain and darkness that this game was . i wish i could tell you that we were by a higher power and were now living through a curse not able to free ourselves . but that ' t be entirely true . we this . we to join the sickness because it us a reward we ' t say no to . i made the conscious decision that i would be a damn part of this and now i can ' t stop . and neither can my . not until it ' s over . when you start the game when you are a part of it there is no going back . and not knowing the could cost you your life . so if you ever get into a game smile maybe my advice could save you a limb or two . but be aware i m still out myself . let me tell you about smile . this all when my friend got out of school . becoming a doctor had been her dream ever since she was a and that taken away from her must have been heartbreaking . ultimately it also up her schedule for the upcoming madness . and were my best and while we did have a past full of peculiar that led us to mistrust each other at one occasion or the other we had become closer than i ' d ever been to anyone . my family . and so of course the three of us were there together to help numb the pain of a future lost . i had them to my apartment . a small but cozy place i scored on the ground floor of a flat building . we were sitting in front of the watching silly when i read the . smile it ' t the first time i had gotten the weird mail saying nothing but the word smile . it had been happening for the last few days but thinking this was nothing but i them . the address was just a combination of the typical scam kind . smile . smile . the were easy to ignore but suddenly i was the same as a text message . smile smile smile " dude your phone is blowing up " said " when did you become so popular ? " " it ' s just " i the phone in his face showing the last all with the same message . " why don ' t you click it ? " in . " yes very smart idea . why don ' t i open this obscure link that will surely not give me a virus ? " she rolled her . " well how about calling that number then ? it ' s not anonymous " said . i thought about it for a moment and i would lie if i said i ' t curious . besides whoever was behind this had somehow gotten hold of both my number and my mail address . i figured maybe i ' d recognize their voice . the phone rang five times and i thought about hanging up but then i finally them speak . " smile " an old voice whispered . " smile " they added in a tone . i at my staring at me with big . how did this person know my old name ? i had it to a while ago . " who the are you ? " i . i certainly ' t recognize this person but the rusty voice sent down my spine . the response was a laugh by a short melody . dun dun dun . " no way " i whispered . " welcome to the game and don ' t forget to smile they said before hanging up . i tried calling again but the number had been disconnected . for days my and i tried to figure out more about this strange experience but there was nothing we could find only the word smile as information . but as it turned out we t need to look for it they were already on their way to us . the three of us were sitting at a diner eating lunch when the strange man dressed in a purple jester suit inside . the second i him hum the melody the on my arms stood up . the man was wearing a mask on top of his normal face . a mask with a massive smile reaching from one ear to the other . there were a couple more people inside the diner but nobody else to pay attention to him . the jester made his way towards our table and off a small purple package . hey ! who are you ? quickly got up from his chair . the jester raised his then took a bow before quickly disappearing outside . the package had a card attached to it with the smile as well as a message on the back . xb the most lovely hello to you our and game we cordially invite you to join us on this wonderful adventure ! there are many to be won much fun to be had and many to be mushed . the three of you have been chosen as team w . how brilliant ! in this package you will find everything you need for the adventure . you will be looking for and even a princess ! thrilling t it ? may the game begin ! xb we a quick look before tearing up the package . inside we found a phone a knife and three that the same as the mask of the jester . what the actual . check this out . had the phone from the package . inside there was an that had personal as well as of what we assumed were other . some people were smiling towards the camera were wearing with the fake smile . round take a photo of your team ! reward ! the notification suddenly up and just a second later we were looking at our own by the front camera of the phone . smile said and while it felt extremely unsettling i her command . however t change his serious expression one bit . beautiful ! well two out of three but we get that fixed round in a few . we ' t believe it at first but and i had both received the money . of course it was even stranger that they had our bank . everything about this game was deeply but we had been in . not only did we need to find out more about what was going on but of us were also excited about it . we t been on an adventure for a long time and at least this one well . and decided to stay with me for the time being . we to be together when we received the next assignment and most of all we to find out as much as we could about this game . t it strange that nobody attention to that in the diner ? back at home . was in the bathroom taking a shower . yeah it s almost as if they knew what was going on . like they purposely t look i . she . we should go through the maybe we recognize someone she said and the . we through of . there was nobody in there i in the . kept looking through the phone while i some more on my . been gone pretty long do you think he fell asleep in there ? i . . they our photo . s hand was shaking as she handed over the phone . there were the two of us smiling awkwardly towards the camera but that t the part . was sitting next to us wearing the mask . do you remember him on the mask for the photo ? she . no he definitely t . maybe they added it onto the photo . yeah but do you see that ? she pointed towards the corner of the mask . it like there was blood dripping from it . the head was into the rest but it was face underneath . the lighting was much though . ? i towards the bathroom but he t answer . your friend broke a rule and had to pay ! finally he the door . his empty and red . in his hand he the knife from the package . on the corner of his mouth were deep on each side . i had to do it he whispered . they know everything . my past my family my home . man we need to get you a doctor ! shook his head . i have a feeling we d be breaking a rule . i can t break another one . how do you know you broke one ? as she got a towel for bloody mouth . they sent me my punishment . he t show us exactly what the text said and stayed quiet for most of the evening . but i knew my friend t mutilate himself like that for no reason . he had a reason just like the rest of us . this game had us in and there was no going back now . round find the jester ! reward for a photo ! . for an ear ! . for his life ! an ear ? his life ? do they want us to kill him ? . i mean taking a photo should be enough right ? like we can choose . how are we even supposed to find him ? . he really up with those in his mouth but somehow he even more sure that he to continue . not that we actually had a choice at that point . do you see that ? pointed her finger towards my living room window . there was someone standing right outside of it . i the of his jester hat first . then my went to the creepy smile . he just stood there looking at us with his head slightly and then he waving . before we could process what was going on let alone take a photo he something out his pocket threw it against the glass and ran off . as the initial shock settled we got up and ran towards the window but he had already into the darkness of the night . there was a stain on the glass from whatever he had thrown . the window and climbing out . living on the ground floor felt both handy and at that moment . this creep had gotten dangerously close and worst of all they knew where i lived . i and outside . why t we take a damn picture ? . check this out though . he left us a map ! i said . it was lying there on the ground behind the window with a little ribbon around it . that s not what he threw against the glass though said as she pointed the torch of her phone towards something slimy between the grass . a bloody cut off ear . that ' s where we stood . into the smile game not knowing at all what our next were supposed to be . did the jester give us his ear so we ' t take his life ? or was this a trick to make us break a rule ? if you hear about a game smile don t play it . run as fast as you can . but i guess if you about it it s already too late . remember this one thing for now don ' t forget to smile round my hand can only survive in the stomach of my friend . it s a difficult trade off that the two of us have . on one hand the pain that my friend to go through every time i put my hand down their throat is excruciating . they smile and act like it s telling me that this is what they want . but at this point i can see right through this they re dying even though they won t admit it . on the other hand though is my hand . let me tell you how this maybe it will help both of us better understand what s happening as something very bad . i don t remember how i lost my other hand . frankly i don t remember much from my life before i met my friend here . i think maybe i ' known my friend for . but i can t even say that for sure . none of my are really . it like i but did not at the same time . the i have to are of my friend them vaguely being in front of me but i felt like i t talk . i to say something but there was something stopping me from being able to . at this time my hand was never in my friend s stomach it t need to be i think but i m not sure why it was then and it s not now . all i know for sure about this time is that i only had one hand . then one day i could speak . this was the day i had my first concrete memory speaking to my friend . i think that it was such a sudden rush that the event completely burned itself into my brain because i remember it so vividly . i remember where we were in the hallway of our high school . a group of teens our age were walking away from us laughing . my friend upset . i t see what but i assume they had said something to hurt my friend . i t like how sad my friend . hey don t worry about them i m here for you . i said . my friend over and . it was the first time my friend had ever me that i can remember . me and my friend the rest of the day and around the city together . my friend t really talk to me but that s . i knew we were both connected . and that was great until we were coffee in a . they had coffee and a i stuck with black coffee . that was when my hand to have sharp . my friend that i was acting off and then my hand to swell . and it got turning a purple hue . i led my friend into the bathroom small beginning to form on my hand . we went into a stall together and locked it . at that moment my hand continued to swell . the on my hand to burst small of a purple liquid . i at my friend in panic and unfortunately i had a horrible feeling deep inside that i knew what i had to do . i gently led my friend to sit on the ground and i their mouth . at this point the pain in my hand was overwhelming and i could feel the hand was about to completely explode everywhere . i t know for sure what was going to happen but i had a feeling it would be very bad . so i put my hand down their throat . all the way down until i had hit the bottom lining of their stomach . my friend in their . i felt horrible this was my friend i was doing this to . but it made my hand feel better i could feel it healing down there . and then after a few it felt completely so i took it out . unfortunately this my friend to vomit up everything they had had . i felt terrible and them if they me to get another but they t answer . we left the stall and went over to the sink where my friend up their face and i my arm down . miraculously there were no at all that my hand had ever been or in trouble at all . i over at my friend them to be all upset at me but they t . in fact they were smiling they happy enough . it s been of this now . i watched my friend go from sad high to more confident student to beginning to start their adult life . we been inseparable since that day and i don t ever want to lose them . despite this inconvenience we continued doing the same routine for . my friend would go about their day i d be right by their side . and then every few i would let them know my hand was starting to flare up again . the two of us excuse ourselves to the nearest bathroom and they let me put my hand in their stomach until it better . it always had the unfortunate side effect of my friend vomiting but for the time it like it t bother them . that was how life was for . but haven t been for a little bit now . it when they . well maybe even a bit before then now that i think about it . you see there to be some about my presence that i never until to get bad . my friend had never me to their family so i don t even think they know i . but i was pretty with this because after every meal my friend would come immediately to help with my hand and we would spend a ton of time together . it t perfect but it to work for both of us they to be happy to have me around maybe even a little thankful . looking back i should seen the secretive relationship we would only lead to hard . but was when i to feel like i t the welcome presence i once was that my friend kept me around only to save my hand . they never said anything but i could feel it . i think they still for me that s why they to help . but slowly it was clear that it burdensome they would have to excuse themselves to help me . they would talk to their other wanting to express the problem with my hand that maybe they could help . but i t comfortable with that idea and i t know why . there was something inside me that said it was a bad idea for my friend to explain my issue to people . maybe it was because i thought they t explain properly what was going on . my friend would still smile every time they would help me but i could see now that they were not . and i felt like my presence was hurting them . now when they help me with my hand they cry . they sit on the floor of the bathroom sobbing until they get up wipe up their and wash their face . they weakly smile at me but i can see in their that they resent me there s even a hint that they resent ever met me ever being my friend . but i will die without their help my hand will burst and i have a feeling it will destroy both of us . i try to let them know that that this is necessary so we are both that they need to do this . and last night was when boiled over . my friend was sitting on the floor crying . i was trying to comfort them to tell them that both of us were going to be that this was better for the two of us and maybe one day they t have to help my hand . i thought this would help but it only to make it worse . my friend was inconsolable and they to frighten me . they were a full breakdown . crying . laughing . screaming . muttering . i tried to stop them but they were faster than me making their way up the fire escape to the roof . i caught up to them as they were sitting on the ledge . my friend at me and . i tried to grab them but my one hand t strong enough . it was too late . so now i need help . my hand is swelling and are forming . i don t know what will happen if it but i know it won t be good . all i ask is will you be my friend ? on may th at am a cement truck with a red chevy at the intersection of cherry sprite drive . both were distracted and thus ' t aware when they came in contact with the ice that covered the area . the two spiraled out of control and into each other . two people a man and his wife were riding in the chevy and two were in the truck . all four of them were declared dead after being rushed to the hospital . when i the crash i was running on the treadmill in my room . i love the view of the road that i get whilst i exercise there . i can see every single car that and all the people that walk along the sidewalk . it ' s really . when the two i literally fell off the treadmill in surprise . the deafening shriek of metal against metal exploded across the entire street . i hit my head on the floor hard . the world to be spinning . i stood shakily to my and ran best as i could to the door . i it open running out to the wreckage desperately that i could help whoever was in there . it was a mess . of both had been thrown across a radius of at least twenty . cement had out of the truck and flooded into mine and my surrounding . blood seeped out of the truck and car . i desperately tried to pull away of the trying to reach the people inside . police and other came rushing to help . we forced aside reaching into the wreckage . finally after half an hour of digging and frantically of car out of the way we uncovered the poor . they were beyond belief . blood colored their clothes a sickening red . a few of their were exposed though skin . poked out . it was a disturbing sight . they were rushed to the hospital and as previously were pronounced dead . police came with tow trucks that day and carried off the . it was a sad unfortunate series of and the energy in the neighborhood was solemn to say the least . the cement that had into my yard had by now and i ' t have time to clean it up . when i across my lawn to my car i accidentally ruined my on the lumpy concrete . it was a struggle out of my neighborhood as i live right at the entrance . i ended up needing to bust through the cement to escape which badly my car . the crash had really put a damper on the entire area especially for . was my neighbor . he lived across the street . most of the cement had ended up in his lawn and garden and the fender of the red chevy had an enormous dent in his garage door . he and i worked at the same office in fact we a cubicle so i had to listen to his about the damage to his property and how he was " move " because of the event . i knew he ' t move . he had spent the past forty at the house it and he ' t going to let it go . i him i ' d help to get the cement out and that him down a little . i also him that he should be grateful that he ' t involved in the crash . he finally agreed and we worked in silence the rest of the day . ' t go wrong until nighttime . i woke up in the middle of the night to the sound of scratching . it was rhythmic deliberate . scratch scratch scratch . the sound of on a . i groggily stood up and my . there was no one out there far as i could see . as my to the darkness i that one of the to ' s house was on . i checked the clock . . what on earth was he doing out at this time of night ? i closer into the deep darkness . there was a figure just standing in his yard . at first i thought it was . i thought about going out and him what he was doing . but then i to notice little about the silhouette that did not match my neighbor . for one thing he was far too tall . for another he had enormous . at least i thought they were . they were floppy hanging of the sides of his head each the size of a dinner plate . and he was standing completely still like a statue . no movement . no breathing . no swaying . still . i on my porch light to get a better look and froze . there really was a statue in his yard . an elaborate fancy statue delicately with upmost detail . the kind of sculpture you find in a museum in . i at the beautiful statue for several before i snapped out of my trance . i ' t sure what to do . i out my phone and ' s number . he picked up on the fifth ring . " ugh . . what is it ? " " what ' s that . . in your yard ? " another light on in his house this one in his bedroom . i watched as his form to the window . he the phone in his hand . his face displayed an expression of frustration and sleepiness . he must not have put . . whatever that thing was . . . in his yard . " i don ' t see anything . " " what ? " " i don ' t see anything . " i back at the spot where the statue had been . it was gone . " wha . . what the " i . was i going insane ? had i it ? no way . i ' d seen that statue . i had to have . i was twenty seven and in full physical and mental health . i to accept the notion that i had simply it a false image by my mind . " good night . " said sharply . i saw his form close the . he hung up . i turned around and back into bed . i ' t sure what to think . on the one hand i was pretty sure i had seen that statue . on the other it had seemingly when my neighbor for it . maybe it was some prank ? no no would go to such trouble for something like this . the sculpture was too elaborate too delicate . no way this was just some prank . that morning was . i was able to sleep in till eleven and after i woke up i still ' t leave my bed just watched on my all day and ate some leftover . at around about eight i to get hungry . the had worn off and i real sustenance . i brushed the cheesy dust off my and weakly the away . my had fallen asleep . i over to the door and topped over . i ' t feeling to good . crawling i made my way over to the hallway . life to return to my and i desperately tried to stand . then i caught a glimpse of the guest room window . and for a second i could ' sworn that it was the same statue i ' d seen . the guest room the . i stood up and forced my way to the window . the pain was subsiding and i was getting used to the feeling of walking . i finally made it to the window fully aside the half drawn to see . nothing . nothing . no statue . no . just the fe measly that i for sitting undisturbed in the flower bed . i went outside just to check . nothing . i around looking for any sign of a trespasser . not even an indent in the ground where a person might have stood . the only thing i found . . was a piece of cement . the next few were rather messy . we had to clean up the cement that our . i as and heaven chipped in on mine . we were forced to use and to get it up and neither the nor the cement company did so much as lift a finger in our direction . i ' t really expect hem to . there are more important in the world that need tending to and they probably ' t the people to help us anyway . we just had to cut our and move on with our . nothing much until the night of june th . it was . no not just . it was a torrential downpour . i had just settled my self into bed when my phone went off . it was an amber alert . jimmy higher a six year old boy had gone missing . the next couple days were a blur of intense and desperate searching . everyone about the hour rule and everything hopeless . first the crash . now this ? eventually they found him . but not in a good way . deep in the in a small clearing a group of discovered his body under a tree root . they it to the police and another investigation . the child ' s body was beaten and . it was determined that he had been on his way home and beaten to death on the tree . it ' s a sad story but it is unfortunately true . after i the news i jimmy ' s funeral . that night i went home in a solemn state filling my . i ' t believe it . who would do such a thing ? i at my house and across the yard toward my door . my barely made a sound as they along the grass . ow . i stinging pain shot through my foot . i down and saw it . a piece of concrete on the bottom of my foot . it had through my shoe and into my foot . i it out and loudly at the resulting pain . i inside my house and threw the chunk of cement into the garbage . as i lay in bed i thought about the recent and about the ' d seen . it ' d been a while since i ' d even given that strange statue so much as a thought . had that been my imagination ? or were these connected ? flew through my head at the speed of light but none made sense . why would these happen so close together ? why were all f these horrible happening in our neighborhood ? then my phone rang . i checked the number . . i picked it up . " hey i just to tell you " " hey wait up " i interrupted to my . from where i was i thought i could see something n his yard through the window . " what ' s up ? " my neighbor curious . " um . . . i think there ' s " " is it that " figure " again ? i ' m telling you it ' s just your imagination ? " i blinked . suddenly the figure had . now he was holding onto the side ' s wall . " listen this is serious . you need to " i but was soon cut off . fin was becoming more and more . " look i was trying to tell you something nice and you ' re it with your stupid " statue . " i don ' t have all night to about this . " again i blinked and this time the silhouette was hanging right under ' s window . the sliver of light from his room revealed the identity of the figure . it was the statue . " you need to " as quick as lightning i watched as the light to his room went dark . i blinked and the statue was gone . the last thing i before the line went dead was a guttural scream coming from my neighbor . it was cut abruptly off by the call ending . obviously i the but they ' t find him . they his house . a downstairs window was open leading them to believe that someone broke in and him but no one really . that is except for me . i now know who all these are responsible for . the statue . the figure . the silhouette . born out of blood and death . he is responsible for the cement truck crash . for the death of jimmy higher . for my neighbor ' s disappearance . i don ' t know who ' s next . probably me . it that i know the truth . but be . something ' s our neighborhood and it ' s hungry for death . patient name age test gyromancy aka divination by of at the circle heart racing . all twenty six of the alphabet formed a perfect perimeter around the paint . an egg sat above the letter y casting a narrow shadow along the circle s edge . i stepped into the circle . a barrage of my mind causing me to close my . although the always my they had never so early in the process . i t even spinning for one thing nor tumbled onto the circle s edge . of the magenta notebook flooded my mind causing me to shudder . i down the tug of war with my consciousness then spinning . my vision as the spaced around the room into yellow . stomach acid flooded my esophagus scalding my throat . i and this familiar pain . my slipped as if by an invisible pair of arms . i tumbled toward the circle s edge and landed face first on the egg above the y . even after of gyromancy sessions i never to strike the egg on my first fall despite alternating the i it above . the reason for this phenomenon me . i blinked the rotten yolk from my and at the red y . the whispering in my head grew . however i to develop a divination so i rose to my and spinning . this time i tumbled on the letter e . i landing on so early in a session . early were terrible luck and often led to insanity . pushing this bad omen from my mind i stood up and continued spinning . the moment my head struck the letter s a divination so powerful exploded in my mind the grew silent . yes . the of this word drove the air from my . the cool concrete grew frigid beneath my head . so killing the woman t been a dream . my had truly her throat and drove the life from her beautiful . and for what purpose ? to appease the ? to fill the magenta notebook ? such powerful disgust at my me that i on a nearby candle . ten ago i had been a manager at a marketing firm . had i truly fallen so far that that life was now a distant memory to me ? the knowledge that i had such a beautiful soul filled my with . what would my wife say or my son ? the of my deceased family more to pour from my . to think that i could descend into reckless violence at the drop of a hat my heart to palpitate . i was still a good person t i ? just because my mind and body were at war with one another t make me damnable did it ? i to my and re the circle . the grew angry if i to complete a session . so i spinning praying that my next divination freed me from the wretched hell that was my life . x was first to the story of witch by a supervisor at the factory in which i worked at the time . she like exactly the type of person who would know about the witch as well a pale woman dressed in all black an aunt but not a mother with a sigil tattoo on her wrist and frizzy black hair . in the olden days she would be a spinster but for lack of a better of her style and personality she is now just an eccentric . you have a hard time finding anything about her but witch s a . this while i was talking to a friend about an allegedly lost compendium of local . the author had gone around the desert and collected all of the the had to offer a special book to all of the wild the of my town had away in their back . as a gesture of good will the only copy was donated to the university by the author without an official publication . they accepted it graciously and let it fade away . the article i had read it romantically as being lost in the . had a look in her that told me she the story up and down but something in the air was me from her explanation the smell of a cat . she had a tabby and the smell of it made me feel as if i might wake up at any moment to find my childhood pet sleeping in that at the end of the bed our last night together before she ran away . i t help but think about her how she got lost in the world and how her name will probably die with me . later that night as i got off work i found myself thinking about the name . i t find anything about her on the since almost all the available links were about how that lost book was the only account of her full story . it was to find evidence that a story really did exist and that it had been collected and carelessly . to have been given the first little hint of something like that was maddening in the way that it took up my mental energy sitting in the corner with a name and nothing else . it was clear to me that the story of witch was just about to fade away into nothingness with only those two as evidence that it ever . of course i figured the best place to find telltale of would be other . she was connected to an abandoned building a deserted retreat formerly by the local diocese which went by st . s apparently she lived there or there . it was according to myth a place where the local catholic establishment would send pregnant and a place where their illicit would be until they were to help the church avoid scandal . it is by i spoke to may have been the mother superior who ordered the . she was also apparently a mystic type in a nearby mining village . people who had great who lived there before the area was flooded for a reservoir told me that all of her magic are scattered beneath the calmly rolling of the man made lake . they can be seen the streets of the submerged village colorful too heavy to bring back to the surface . she was also revered by the local native who were supposedly only by her presence be it holy or horrific . as a native myself i shook my head at this one but i figure that all are occasionally garish of some true history . about a week after i had begun my investigation i was talking over with a friend when something strange i saw her . i was sitting in my fully lit apartment past midnight with my on my desk talking about how was clearly an allegory for the social standing of the in the area when i saw movement in my living room . my apartment three a bedroom and a bathroom by a galley kitchenette with on three to give access to the and the outside . through the between the old antique door and its frame i could make out a long black shadow interrupting the slit of warm light . it took me a moment but it hit me like a semi someone was into my bedroom through the crack someone with long black hair . it was like the space between the two of light was by burnt oil slick and black and foul looking . i t make out an eye but the moment of confirmation came when i to believe my mind was trick on me . the at the top and bottom of the door with a distinct motion a movement which told a story . the head away and let the light in not quickly enough by the dangling hair beneath . i sat there for in silence hung up the phone immediately . i for the familiar creak of the front door to let her out peacefully but the sound only came after i had the entire apartment after i built up the courage to go looking for her in the night . i t find her and i t sleep . that was a year ago and though many have i am adamant that my memory of that night as clear to me as i must have been to her gazing through the wall . i think a lot about how she may have been listening to me how she must have delighted in hearing about herself for the first time in . perhaps my her name so much brought her to me . i that old apartment a week ago grimacing softly as i through the space nodding along with the realtor about how it s perfect for a student . i t tell her that i had been here before or that all my of this place had been corrupted by the image of the voyeur . after the visit i lied and told the woman i would consider it but i left without filling out a single form . i made my way down the road into the desert to the place i had never had the nerve to visit before . st . s retreat was a gloomy place and the land was by someone other than the church so i had to park a ways away . in the time since and i had seen one another i had the university as a worker in the to help with my education and i had wasted of my life looking for the book . i to find it but the story was almost worthless . i pity it in a way and to show you what i mean i will recount the entire thing below . drive an old car to saint s as close as you can get . from there take the out of your car and roll down the window . throw your out the window . call for until you re out of breathe sic . . get out of the car . find your before you . it goes on to discuss the myth talking about thrill seeking and as a phonetic bastardization of the goddess . it was discouraging the nadir of my search for the myth of was the discovery itself . i think my strong disappointment hard against my firsthand account of the witch was what brought me to the retreat . it was dark when i and from my window i could see both st . s and the lake that the of holy had been in . it was to see the which inspired my study before me . i found out a couple days ago that the lake beside the retreat was actually the reservoir the old mining town was resting within . i could sort of guess it even then holy to the of holy beneath the surface forced to search for those colorful magic . after about a half an hour i decided to really do it . i took the from the ignition and them out the window just barely far enough that i would have to walk to get them . i my and the car door and i raised my to my as a makeshift megaphone as i out her name three times but i t stop . i it again and again and i calmly right by my car as i for her in the pitch black darkness of unpolluted night . i don t know what was driving my body whether it was anger or or thrill and i don t think it as much as i want it to . i her name until my throat was sore and my went dead . by the time i what i had done i turned around and saw that my car by an old tree for a was almost a silver speck in the distance . when i i had been walking towards the reservoir i then to my car . i looking for the and ended up on my digging through the brush trying to find them . looking up in a panic i a pale woman s body long oily black hair past her waist standing above the dead tree beside my car . without movement like a static being gliding effortlessly through space she to descend towards me . she was looking down a single hand frozen out before her in a claw forcing something down with her locked out in effort . she made no sound as she she was like the living spirit of a grotesque painting and she was much faster than me . i away in a frantic panic energy phrenetic in my as i behind me only to find the long black on her old struggling hand were mere away from my face . my body was only away from the water that the cursed statue was about to baptize me in when her unmoving but forever approaching form finally caught up to me and i fell back first into the reservoir . when i out wet and cold and new in the fantastical world of i until my were empty and my throat was raw . i and laid on my side wishing someone would smack me out of it . it was as if everything happening to me was and pointless as if i were this terrible world for the first time filled with fear and pain and loss as the sun to peak over the horizon . it was the most fearful and painful thing i have ever done and i wish i could say that i am grateful for it in some strange way but i m not . i regret it more and more every day i m alive . my phone again in my pocket . sometime last week it apparent my number had been sold to . i added my number to the no call list ago but that t seem to stop some of these . i had read that all you to do is pick up and stay silent . the person or bot on the other end won t hear anything assume your number is either a bad line or as well and won t call back . it s true try it some time . i out my phone and saw the word in place of the phone number calling . thanks apple . i and the phone to my ear waiting silently . i could hear the chatter of a busy call center . hello ? a voice said on the other end . hello is anyone there ? they for a moment and hung up . last time i hear from them . i set my phone down on my desk and got back to work . it again another call . i and for the phone . i was a bit to see what i thought was my own number at first . it read . i m . just one digit off . the difference was minute in design . almost like a deliberate choice . i t feel like this time . i set my phone down and let it go to . it again . i to myself . i over and saw was calling again . i sent them to . and they again . i was getting . i sent the number to again . they again . i watched my phone for a moment while it . it i the call . i kept silent . no of a call center must be a voice bot waiting for me to say hello . i . usually only about for the number to give up and up . after half a minute had gone by i hung up . they back . i immediately and . i a small click on the other end . i hung up . the number back immediately . just one number off mine . i d read about this before too . it s the phone number familiar or nearly identical to yours in an attempt to get you to answer . you see the number your area code and a similar string of to yours and they think you answer thinking it s someone from your area that you may know or a nearby hospital calling you about bad news . they put a feeling in your stomach making you think you re doing the wrong thing by not . back . i immediately and silently . i the click again and then what like movement . was this even a ? was this some trying to prank call me and forgetting to block their number ? i . i was going to wait until they hung up this time . they know there s someone on the other end since i keep . i just waste their time now . five later i what like a chair dragging on the floor then a creak and then finally what like wind blowing into the microphone . i hung up . they back immediately and i . i was now wishing i t in the first place . hello what what do you want ? i out . . . . are you there ? a monotone voice . i hung up . they back . i . i silently . i more movement this time like something was being along a surface at a constant rate . i what like a low fan . i . i knew someone was on the other end now . i to the for several and they like they were getting further and further away from the phone . i was already and now i was getting anxious wondering what i had gotten myself into . i the phone from my ear to up when i it . please he i hung up immediately wishing i t . suddenly my heart was racing . i felt myself break a sweat . did i just hear that i . they back . i and i . i could hear the . i hard and took a breath . hello ? i . it was quiet for a moment . are you there ? the monotone voice from before . i and felt my chest tighten . i unsure of what to say . please help me i it again . i did hear a cry for help i really did this time . it was far from the phone . the voice was in pain in agony . it was hoarse . it was afraid . i took a deep breath . i i m here yes . i said . silence . i could hear the still it a bit closer now . are you there ? the monotone voice again . yes i oh god please please help me they were closer now . i could hear sobbing too . or was it whimpering ? are you there ? yes i m here yes please are you there ? i m here yes what do you wa stop stop please stop it are you there ? the monotone voice again . i felt a lump in my throat . there were in my . who was this ? what was going on ? are you there ? yes yes ! yes i am here yes ! who are you what is going on please help me somebody please help me are you there ? i i i m hanging up i m calling the police . i . are you there ? the voice . i m calling the po help me somebody please are you there ? the voice . i m hanging up . i m calling the police please stop i . help somebody please they re kill me are you there ? i m hanging up ! i . i threw my phone at my desk . i was shaking . my jaw was . my face was wet with . my phone rang . . i . help me are you there ? leave me alone ! i at the top of my . are you there ? please . please . just leave me alone . are you there ? leave me alone ! please please just leave m are you there ? i hung up . they . i and immediately hung up . they back . i sent the call to . they back . i at the phone wondering how to make this stop . i my phone . they . i it . i went to my recent . they again and i sent it to . i to call it back . i the phone to my ear . the number you have been disconnected or is no longer in service . if you feel this is an error please check the number and try again . i hung up and again . the number you have i hung up set my phone down and . no call . i at my phone for a long time . it t ring again . later i felt like i could breathe again . i stood up from my desk and to my bedroom to change . i d sweat through what i had been wearing . i my face off in the bathroom sink and fixed my hair . i at myself in the mirror and thought about what had . i decided i was actually going to call the police and report the number . i stood up straight and relaxed my a bit . there was a knock at the door downstairs . i still shaken up . they again . i walking down the . they kept knocking . coming ! i just a second ! the knocking was growing harder and constant now . i stopped at the door to regain composure . i for the doorknob and the knocking stopped . i stood still for a moment . did they walk away ? i put my hand on the doorknob . just as i to turn it my heart stopped . i fell to the floor hearing the voice again now on the other side of the door . are you there ? you know the look people give you when something tragic to you ? the look to say i m sorry about what . i don t know what to say to you . the look that also tell me everything . that s the look everyone given me these last couple of my my people who recognize me from the news . they want me to confess . tell them how it . everything i know . but they don t ask social etiquette and all that . and i won t tell . it s my confession . in hindsight i probably did know something was wrong but not that not what . how can i explain that to them ? without them . without them telling the police . but my confession inside me like a cabinet full of pushing on the waiting to spill out and smash noisily onto the floor . so here it is my crash confession . it when my twin brother got the letter . jury duty . i remember we were so excited . like it was our right of passage into full adulthood . we only out of our college and graduated before . so we d out together and were both only just starting out in our post grad but this like it was the next big thing after . i was even a little jealous he d been and not me . but i guess i m glad now . obviously we t to look up anything about the case had to let it unfold . we d never even been in a courtroom before so it was exciting . we had a get together a week before the first hearing a couple of over you know . we were trying to guess what they d done . the defendant . we went through everything from art theft to murder . we t have what the real were . the day came and i booked it off work to meet him after the hearing . i had even been to sit in the gallery but we d decided i t the on how to be a jury member were and there was a lot of stuff about not the case so we thought it was best if i for him . when he came out i was sitting in a a couple of away at a coffee . i will never forget his face when he in . i beamed at him excited to hear what it was but he met my pale and worn . what ? i him a little concerned . it was just crazy . he sat with me but he t looking at me . it s a priest . a priest what ? i had him . a priest in the with murder by neglect and all these other i don t understand he said . he it s so weird he an exorcism that went wrong . the woman he was possessed . from exhaustion . the prosecution it was through mental torture you know the belief she was possessed . so she exhausted herself to death . at the time i thought it was pretty crazy a story from a film . i t know then . i t know how common this was . how many actually did happen all around the world even now . but when the prosecution their the priest he screaming and screaming . my brother continued . he said he could see the evil he said they should stop the trial . he said he t finish the exorcism then he praying . they had to take him out and postpone the hearing . we were told we would be back if he still not guilty but they might plead insanity . then we won t be i thought at the time it was all so exciting what a bag to be up for jury duty on a trial that was straight out of a film . we went home that night my brother still a bit shook up . but pretty much alright . we had pizza and t think much more about it until the call . about three days later the said he had to come back as the priest was still pleading not guilty . this time my brother was not so excited . he t sure he told me he t been sleeping properly since the first time . i told him we watched too many scary . the priest had just gone crazy on religion and he had a crime . if it was a murderer it would still be horrible . my brother decided to suck it up and went . i t take the day off work this time so i sat at my desk waiting for the day to end so i could go home and hear what had . when i got home our apartment was empty . it t strange we were not to the hip . i turned on the my the case my brother had been on was on the news . looking back i t really what a media frenzy it had turned into . this time the news the defense was calling on the city to prove the legality of as part of religious practice . i it ' s the st century murder is murder i thought . but the priest so distressed going into the . not fear for the ruling the fear in his face was for something else . the reporter then he d had some sort of breakdown in the and had to be taken out once again . the evening went on it got to nine and i t understand where my brother could have gotten to . i a couple of they t from him either . just as i was getting worried the door and shut . i went into the hallway but my brother went straight to his room . through the door i him if he was . a muffled voice came back he was . after that everything . really that was the day i lost my brother . the jury was throughout at the next hearing the defense had decided to plead not guilty by way of insanity and this was settled on by the judge . i half watched the rest of the news coverage with the kind of curiosity you have when you pass a car wreck on the highway . but i was more worried about my brother . he never left his room until late at night . i d go to bed and then i d hear his bedroom door slam and then the front door . this went on for days until after a week of with on the phone and my to be normal i got a phone call from my brother s work . they t from him either . not since the first day of the trial . that night i stayed up in my room and . it must have been three a . m . when i him leave the apartment . i a while to make sure he t just come back and i snuck into his room . i could feel my heart in my chest anxious though i t know why . as i the door the first thing i was that his computer monitor was on and sounding out white noise . the picture was so strange but i figured we were static to help him sleep . but then i saw it the absurdity the madness . lit only by his monitor the were covered in and of the priest i from the news . there to be of red paint on the and on the furniture . my the trail . on the left hand wall was something smeary i t see it well i tried to focus my and then i saw it . an awful face was painted onto the wall in the dark red paint . it was demonic with . the painting alive in my a flash of panic and misery through my brain . the blood ran from my face and i t want to see want to know . my brother was a breakdown . i t know what to do . i the door shut and ran to my room . i spent that night laying in bed wondering whether i should confront him or whether i should phone our mother . the image was burnt into my vision and from fear in my bed . in the end i t have to do any of those . the next time i saw my brother was on the front page of a newspaper . the headline read jury murderer priest . my brother had stalked the priest while he was in holding . just as the transport took him to the of the institution my brother came out and him five times in the chest . the priest . my brother ? he was admitted into that very same institution . he s mad . the don t know what s wrong with him . they don t know . when i got the call i went to see him . it t my brother . his were bloodshot . his skin a color i can t describe . he was whispering his voice it was different . i haven t been back . our mother goes . every week . but she t talk about him . we don t talk about him . i t tell the police what i knew what i d seen . when they found his room i pretended i t know . they would blame me . tell me i should have told somebody but i t . but i keep looking into the case . i even into possession . i don t know what to believe . but i do know one thing i lost my twin . and that s my confession . hello this is my story about how i found a dead woman in my basement . the story in when i turned and probably did my worst mistake . i decided to have some fun with my old i have not seen since . we a game of truth and dare i decided to go with dare they me to play some casino for hour with them it was our first time they ' t mean to harm me we don ' t often fall for in life that ' s just how we are . so we do we play a betting game . i then proceed to win yes i actually won first try i felt amazed by it but even better i won the grand prize a floor house that around mil . i them if we ' d share the house they said it ' t be fair i won it i keep it . for the next i would live there and boy oh boy i have so many paranormal to share . but this is my last one after this i left for good by selling it to another person . so to the story itself it was a nice summer day and i was talking to my father he came there to visit me he had a cause he was a teacher more importantly a history teacher . he was talking to me about a fun fact he learned my house was built on an old painter ' s home the painter was . she was an ' s quite famous at the time painter she painted strange religious stuff people her art " style " or as say religion " " eventuality because all of her had something with a " day " where as she " the world shall see the power the death we all play with " . most people ' t even know what her are about they just them . but the meaning is a strange secret even to this day . her story is fascinating . she out of nowhere and was just painting and a regular painter life . until people naming her style a " religion " . the king feared at the time other so he tried her but she . and no one how but she ended up in where she kept her secret . people ' t even know her existence but what is known is that she strangely one day . so finally her story finished we can talk about mine after my dad was gone i a friend i met ago . is a nice guy i told him what i learned he " do you dig and see what ' s all of this about i said yes he lived pretty closely so autumn we digging . it was something like underground so in we were there the ceiling was easy to remove it was wood but we ' t find anything except old metal . there was no light it was creepy but even more creepy was the fact that the ceiling could just fall with a few of cement and dirt on us . we ' t give up and eventually we found under the metal a to the basement . we were the basement like new for the s of course . there was a massive hallway with it was pitch dark so we had to use our to see the we thought at the same time how much money was under my house is sold correctly . the were getting more and more dark literally and figuratively . you could see in the last two suicide and murder as with religious all over it . the last painting the life out of both of us it was so realistic . the painting was about hanging with blood on her face she was cut dead and looking right into our with a big smile that was almost moving getting bigger and bigger . she had written on her face those cut into her . the frame was a metallic frame and it was strange as well that she to have old glass in front of her like a glass panel between her and us . that really the living life out of me we ran back home . but the next day is my worst combined . i a professional team to help me out with my discovery we went in but i think it was a mistake . when we were over at the last painting because of the light we saw that there was a door with the frame attached on it . we it . . . i in my mind . the " painting " that i saw yesterday was not a painting the woman in the frame was standing dead on the other side staring at us . the frame was nothing more that a little window in the door . i took my stuff from my home and never returned again . the team told me i will get an update today but i will post this anyway . the only thing i know it that i will receive some cash for my discovery or whatever . i am old finally a bit stable in the adulthood . i know what i want to do with my life i have and i have a balanced situation between work and private life such as hanging out with my or going out on . settling down ' t really my kind of thing yet . . . probably because i haven ' t met anyone that was interesting enough for me but little did i know that this was about to change . it is night like every week i put clean on my bed before i go out because you never know what you end up home with when you are drunk . me and my are going to meet up downtown at pm for some drinking . it been quite a while since i last saw them so we have a lot to talk about to tell and what not . i really love hanging out with my . it is one of the few in life that my happiness and overall motivation . across me a couple a man and a woman . they had been since they in . a very unstable relationship . but from what i could tell the man is a lot older than her . i assume her to be around my age . maybe just a couple of older but she is fit ! she always my with her flashy and interesting dressing . since a couple of days they have put up their home for sale . i think they are probably going to split up . it is pm so i decide to head out catch a quick bite at either king or ' s depending on what i want and after that i will meet up with my . as i lock the door i notice her walking across the street to her home . her hair is out blonde and long . she is wearing a summer dress which the astonishing shape of her body . as the wind across her hair you can see a nice glimpse of her adorable face and that is when she that i was staring . . . . i quickly turn around lock the door and exit my front garden . this a couple of times but something is now different she is still looking at my and at this point i am extremely shy . i feel bad for staring for so long so i smile at her . . . that is honestly the best i could do as as i am . i ' t want to cause trouble or to mess up . she back at me and " hello ? " . my mind is a mess at this point . i am not going to lie i have had plenty of interesting about her and me . however if i play my right those might become a reality ! god ! can you imagine me and this beauty ? ! but wait . . . she is married . . i think ? anyway i greet her back and man up to start the conversation " hey you live right across me right ? " she " yes i do this is the first time that we are talking ! i am anna . " at this point my mind down . obviously she just to chat so i don ' t mind chatting for a bit . so far she like a very interesting person ! after talking about random for a bit i felt the urge to bring up the fact that she they are selling their home . so i act oblivious as the man was almost never home and as if she alone . " so i have the sale sign . . . are you moving away ? it would be a shame you seem like a really nice person to have around ! " she " yeah . . . when we here we were a happy family but then he himself to his work . so now we are moving away . i am honestly fed up with him . the sooner i get rid of him the better . " i could already tell that their relationship was very unstable . when they in she very vibrant and happy . after that she to look a lot more depressed . eventually during the nights i her slipping out and just sitting on the porch a drink and a cigarette . she ' t smoke drink when they in . at least i never saw her do any of those for a solid couple of . as i don ' t know what to say i just go with a basic response " oh i am very sorry to hear about that ! " she quickly " yeah but it is way better like this . " she is completely done with him . . . so maybe i should try and push my luck god when i will get another shot with her . " when you in i already thought you were an odd match . you are young and beautiful and he just to be like a lazy sack . someone as pretty as you way better than him ! " she questionable at me and " you think i am pretty . . ? " gravity suddenly felt times . i felt like i had stepped on a mine . i did not know what i did wrong but the way she worded that . . . i knew i up ! and worst thing of all i ' t even know her ! what a shame . . . might as well just be honest and be done with it . " yeah i am sorry you are beautiful just calling you pretty would be an insult . every time you by i always you . every night you sat outside i thought to myself so many times i should start a conversation with her . i honestly ' t believe someone as cute as you lived so close by ! usually you just see these kind of people on the as some or famous people maybe you are one of them i don ' t know . " at this point it was already . pm so i ' t have a lot time left for dinner . " well thank you ! no one ever said something like that to me . . . would you like to come over ? we can have a drink or dinner together . he will not be home anyway until we actually start moving out . he got his own place now . " yes ! ! ! i it ! i honestly gave up but somehow it all turned out fine ! all except for one tiny little detail . . . i had waiting on me in a little bit . i ' t just ditch them . so i felt really bad but honesty got me an invitation so i will be honest again . . . " i really would love to . . . but i my to grab a drink tonight so i really ' t want to make them wait much longer . . . " she quickly " oh no it is fine i am sorry i completely understand . . . " these past have been an intense roller coaster of as i felt extremely bad right now . i ' t want to lose out just yet . . . " hey maybe we could like exchange contact information to stay in touch like snap whatever you have and then maybe we can out later . . ? or a different day ? " she quite happy and gave me her . " for now you will have to do with this . my know nothing . . . so i want to keep . . . between us . " and that was one of the most joyful i have ever had . i knew something was about to develop between us based on her sentence . hell yeah ! pm . i head over to king as it is close by and i know what i want . i receive a snap " hey what are you up to ? " it ' s from anna ! so i snap her a with me and the " " . she and me a video of her in " about to relax in bath " . . . she honestly made my heart skip a beat . i did not know what to do or say . should i be perverted ? should i be poetic ? should i be kind ? i was at a loss of . . . so i decided to be perverted . . . at this point the were taking over my brain anyway . " you go in bath with the on ? very uncomfortable to me ! " . she me a picture where she is in bath and where she her with her with the text " of course not silly ! " as i finish up my i am starting to go downtown thinking about what the right thing would be to say now . so me and my silly brain decided to push the luck once again . . . " i that it is very cost efficient to share the same bath so maybe i should stop by once i am done " . she quickly snapped back " sure ! i can rinse your back if you want pervert " . the last snap from me to her for now as i approach my " so our first date will be a bath date huh ? " . i close my phone with a huge smile and meet up with my . it ' s a bit past pm now and i receive a snap from her . " feeling lonely . . " it is just her covered in the . " we will go to more pub then i will head back " . is what i reply . it ' s around . pm now and she a very snap revealing a lot of her body in a dark room " you sure you don ' t want to come back sooner ? " . one of my over my shoulder and said " are you still doing here get going ! ! " . we all it off and i went back . in the bus i kept even more . . . interesting and from her . so we talking about . one of her was that someone would sneak inside her home while she was with herself . watch her play and then eventually join in when she ' t notice anything . it honestly like a fun role play thing to do . i could appreciate her honesty with so we decided to do that for our first endeavor . i got out of the bus and to her house . it was pitch black inside but the door was open as . i quickly checked my wallet to see if i had some in there and thankfully i did . i the house . i snapped here saying that i was inside but had no clue where to go . so she kept sending my and of her with herself . some even her moaning so i thought alright if she is moaning then that that i will hear her once i get close to the room . that might be her logic for me . so i went up the . . . they had a total of . so i once i the top and it was still pitch black and completely silent . i her if i was in the right house . . . no reply . bam the door loudly shut down . i don ' t know what my heart rate was at but it was extremely loud and fast . i felt like i up . did i enter the wrong building ? i was completely so i to look around for i could hide as i approaching . i found a nearby door . . . which turned out to be the bathroom . but it is better than nothing for now . i hide in there for a solid which felt like . i keep snapping her but she ' t respond . eventually the door . . . i am . this is where it . i will probably get for being a burglar or something . i will try to talk my way out of this mess . it is that automatically all otherwise i would have proof . . . ah well here goes nothing . so as the door i quickly stand up facing towards the toilet and hit the flush as if i was . the go on and i see an old man behind me i scream " wow ? ! " . the old man me what i was doing i said that i was taking a leak and who he was . he told me that he in this house that it is his house . obviously he saw that i had no ill so thankfully he did not call the . so he himself to me as . i myself as well . so eventually i him about anna . " ' t a girl anna live here ? she me over to play . . . a type of game that ' s how i got inside . " his response was extremely weird . . . " why would you joke like that ? you should leave my home immediately ! " i went to my own home across the street . by now it was pm . i turn the on lock the door and head upstairs . i send anna another snap " that was a up prank . . . " . i close my and off a little bit . it is now . am and i receive a snap . eagerly i check it and it is from anna . . . finally ! she me what i to do with her while wearing very revealing clothes . so i said what i had with her for the night . she with " it is still not too late i am closer than you think walk to the boiler room ! " . i laugh it off as thinking that she is a silly girl but sure i will play her game . i don ' t care at this point . i snap her a picture of the door . " i am here what now . . ? " she snaps back " look behind you ! " . a tiny chill went down my spine but i am not into and all that so i turned around . nothing . just the wall that is across the door . " yes that is a very beautiful wall indeed my and i spend the entire weekend coloring the of this floor . " she snaps me another picture . . . but this one actually gave me the . she is naked in a bed . but the bed sheet pattern and colors are the exact same as mine . . . on the snap is the text " why do you keep me waiting ? ? " i quickly it as i keep thinking that i the today so she must have taken this picture somewhere between now and the past couple of ! at this point i genuinely felt and so i a baseball bat as i rushed over to my room . i am not sure if the bed is the same as when i left the room but i look around my room . i check the . then i lift up the and i find some purple panties . . . obviously not mine . and unfortunately it been quite a while since i had a girl over so it can ' t be stray either . i snap her back " where are you ? " to which she quickly " do you really know ? " to which i " yes " . it is am now . . . i am tired i was waiting for her snap but have not received anything . it been a long day . i feel . i fall asleep . at . am i wake up extremely sweaty . i had a weird dream . it felt like i was being by something . it was very . right now i am feeling very distressed . it also felt like i had been asleep for upon but only . i can no longer tell the of the dream as i am forgetting about it . . but i turn on the music to relax and calm down while trying to fall asleep . as i pull the blanket over i feel something weird . it ' s a purple bra somehow i decided to keep the panties next to me . i get up and throw both in the . the room is warm and then it ' s cold . i have a lot of trying to sleep properly . at am i receive a snap from anna . it is just a lot of . i had no clue what it meant . i took a of it and it . apparently it were ! she is the gal i have ever met . at this point i am honestly only thinking about her . no one ever caught my attention like this . off the she did while mysterious . i would really love to spend more time with her and maybe even my future ! sure she does have questionable sides . . . but given her beauty craftiness and intelligence i honestly think it is worth it . . . the point towards a graveyard according to . so perhaps it is like a family member . it is around am now i feel and wide awake and decide to head towards the . thankfully it is not that far away so with my bicycle it only took me like . as i approach the graveyard i see a person in the distance . he most likely works there for the watering the . i walk past him while looking around the . i can ' t find anything familiar so i open again and insert the . it is like only away from me so i walk towards that position . it is exactly particular grave in that exact . she is so damn crafty i am very at this point . it is a nice looking grave . very well . there is a fresh set of some incense and a picture from like the s with young smiling . i decided to pay my to the grave . it is probably a relative . as i get up i read the name . . . and my stomach turned . my heart sank . i feeling very ill and lightheaded . i to throw up . maybe it was just the feeling or the but i think i was sweating a lot as well . . . the name was " " . . . lived from nd of march until th of . she with her one her in a train accident on holiday in . " she was always loving and she will always be " read the last sentence on the gravestone . it to me . must ' been her brother but . . . is this then anna ? that is probably why he so angry . but what to them being married ? ? ? wait . . . did she actually ever say they were married ? or was that just what i assumed . . . my mind went blank . i took a picture of the gravestone and i snapped it to her " is . . . this you ? " . as i hit send . i suddenly felt someone tapping on my . i think i peed a little . i was . i to pass out i am done . this is it . i turn around extremely frightened . . . and thankfully it is just the person that was taking care of the . " sir you can ' t go around here to take . that is very disrespectful . " i to him the situation and he told me that i should probably seek mental help . . i mean even i would give myself that kind of advice . i to walk away but then i the ! i him the of a beautiful naked lady in my bed . . . he at my and then he very questionable at me . " sir what am i supposed to actually look at ? " " the girl in the ! " how can he have such a calm response ? ? there is a young naked chick right in front of his face ? at least respond to it and don ' t ignore it ! " i think you have me enough sir . i can not see a naked in the best i am just trying to do my job here . if this like a fun thing to you then i will kindly suggest you to leave before i call security . " i apologize and walk away . i am . there is clearly a naked girl in the picture . how can he not see her ? maybe i should visit again . . . as i exit the i receive another snap of anna . this picture like . . . a human ? i think ? but she with " yes " to my question . how the weekend what next and when the knew that an early father s day was going to be awkward . maybe a bit . but dangerous and deadly ? those t really even been on my mind . that the moment our dad . ever since it s been an ongoing nightmare . especially because it turns out that our dad was part of some sort of cult that thought they could resurrect themselves and black magic . now the gang that also so to be a part of this demonic pact had tied us up and were trying to decide which of us would be a perfect host for dad s spirit . once they figured out where his body went . no sense . the model is still here the leader of the gang said as he the wooden statue that was meant to have dad s skin on . to be honest i t sure what i was more about . the fact that these people genuinely all this voodoo could be real or the possibility that it might be . i had no idea how the corpse could have possibly and i t sure i to find out . check the entire house top to bottom a gruff older lady ordered . i over at wishing she had some sort of plan my mind racing to strike a bargain with the . you are making a mistake . i have . an ex wife . they are on their way here now i told . the brash leader turned toward me his breath a mix of booze and grass . we ' been waiting for this day for nearly thirteen son . do you think we care if we gut you all here ? this cabin is isolated . no one is going to even find your for he . my heart at how callous these people could be and i to my sister and then to for advice . the were already torturing him treating him like a supposed traitor because he no longer in their bizarre . one was heating up a fire poker near the den it around like it was meant to be a iron and the other was pouring salt onto s chest which already to be covered in old . perhaps from the old days when he in their ways ? soon the first man was the fire poker directly onto s chest causing the middle aged man to scream out in pain and beg for mercy . face it you should have stayed out of this . please please just stop ! . we stop once we find out what you did to cal s body the woman . i my breath realizing their torture would only increase unless we spun some story . i was midway through a feasible lie when blurred out . brad a cop she . the entire gang in what they were doing and at her . say what now ? on the way here it was an accident . but right now half the force is out looking for him . don t believe me ? check my phone . i saved the notice i got from the state office and you can bet anyone in this radius is on the lookout for him . they find us and when they do they haul you all off to jail she . i knew what she was . but i t sure my mistake was really going to be our saving grace here . instead before the had a chance to react to her revelation i i know where dad is at . take me to the and i show you . we buried the body just t mention it when tried to attack us . over both of these and to the den to grab s phone to confirm her side of . well . you are just a of bad luck brad he taking out his knife . he got closer to me waving the blade erratically as he tried to freak me out with it . i truly had no idea what he intended to do . and then like the bastard that he is it right next to my and but i doubt you be telling the much of anything if we cut out yer tongue . . i made the gulp with my windpipe and i stammer another plea . i was sure this was going to be my last memory before i out . and then amid the commotion the of was near the front of the cabin . a knock on the door . turned to see who it might be and in that moment i struck and him right in the chest . the burly t see it coming and fell backward onto the den table as i stood up still tied to the chair and ran toward the front door . a few of the other gang to catch me as the cabin door and i found myself staring straight into my ex s . get out of here ! call the police ! i to her as two of the tackled me . made a yelp but thankfully she t question me for the first time since our separation . i watched as she ran toward her car and hopped back in . was at the window aiming his firearm at her and you best say your i at his and him to the floor as he fired a shot toward s front windshield . then a few other me away and we all watched as to drive away . tried to warn you . now what s the plan ? i said feeling good that i had got a few in . you think you won ? but blood is going to be tonight . if it s not yours then let s start with hers ! said as he rushed toward and immediately used his blade to cut across the front of her belly . i in shock and saw my sister as she made a gurgling noise . the crazy turned to me and madly now there s nothing that will save her except the ritual . so i suggest you be a good boy and help us bring back your old man . you got that ? life is defined by how we react when get all . a boy s first hunt is supposed to be a special moment with his but that plan had been thoroughly for me . my father and both had been i d the man who i assume had something to do with it and my current of be an epic hero or die . it s amazing what we suddenly decide is possible when the world us to the edge of a cliff . i down at . he much the same in death as he did in life which was a characteristic of his kind and gave me the . i and tried not to piss my pants . this is why dad t want to hunt with you random of self doubt had been shooting through my head ever since i d taken the first very tentative toward puberty this year . i was looking forward to growing up so that all the negative i d been feeling lately would finally evaporate as i into a normal stable adult . s dead were wrapped around a necklace . i closer to see a metal design of several combined by eight projecting from the middle . i m not sure why but i out a shaking hand and it . his rubbery as i stood as far back as possible while i digging the string of the necklace into the soft skin of his neck . i strained the string cutting into his flesh like a fork through jell o before it snapped . i fell on my ass . once again i was face to face with s pink . have you ever into the open of a dead person ? this time i did piss my pants just a little . i swear the experience you confident that the corpse is about to jump out and grab you . i shakily got to my wondering if i should change my underwear then realizing that i would probably soil the new pair soon enough . so i put the necklace into my pocket and went to my father s closet instead . the number meant something to him enough so that it was the combination to every lock he had but i did not understand why . the important part now however was getting what was inside . my breath caught in the place where my voice . damn . this was a s arsenal . and of long thin and sharp wooden lined the from floor to ceiling . there must have been of them . a few loose of garlic hung from but i knew that dad rarely on that tactic garlic and sunlight affected them like a bad allergic reaction . i once if it would make sense to throw the garlic and dad said we d look weak if we juggling food like . i felt embarrassed and was sure i d just my first hunt yet again by a stupid question . at the time i had that dad still to share it with me eventually . i my eye again . there were no religious or iconography in the closet such just made them sad and it s poor hunting to evoke in your quarry that are not by design . i d read that in my father s when he was hunting with my . those lay in a stack on a table . i scooped them up and slid them into my . dad had me to trash that but i d . no wonder he s ashamed of you i shook the thought away then a more suitable thing to wear hanging right in front of me . my grew wide it was perfect . i put the duster on then felt like an idiot . the jacket was far too long for me ending in a puddle at my . but it fit snugly around my waist . i guess i t a good fit for the world . i threw the duster to the ground and stuffed as many into my as possible . i them after how painfully they could poke into my back . . time to hunt . a wise stays away from a visible position and i knew that the front porch had been by the enemy . so with all of the and a dozen i turned around and headed for the back door . this was it . one shot . one opportunity . i could do this . i the door and was immediately by a man much that me . to say i was afraid would be an understatement fear is quantifiable . to truly peek over the edge of our own mortality is to realize that our understanding of fear hitherto been insufficient . people often think that a kind of valor in to fight against impossible odds but i just felt like a bloated caterpillar its squirmy ass against the air . he dragged me to the trunk of his car with relative ease . i desperately to fire a witty yet personal verbal shot that my intellectual prowess would supplement the complete failure of my physical strength . let go of me poop nose ! he the car trunk in my face . i cried during the first half of the erratic drive . dad probably himself and so that you could escape you away his sacrifice just like what with you re worse than worthless because worthless don t shame other people with nothing but the emptiness of the trunk to distract me i that i could not fight the away . they would be indefinitely because they lived in my own head . so instead of trying to beat them i relaxed . i . what choice did i have ? the silent . i the . there was no way to see its embarrassing design in the dark so it was no longer real . i out two one in each hand and the on . that s when the car stopped and the driver got out . his came around to the back of the car . my heart rate steady because i had stopped wondering what might happen . fear came from the unknown . i knew i would fight . i knew i would die . the trunk and i sprang up both raised high . then i froze and that i knew nothing about what was going on next part animal brain hurt trying to process the i d learned . had never his family or that he by blood had a claim to the building . he was always so in tune with it it made sense but it was never something i d considered . i woke on the sofa that morning confused . i had no idea how to continue . the vine had grown almost the entire perimeter of the flat carefully weaving between my furniture and it s waxy exterior reflecting sunlight from the . it stopped at the bedroom door not crossing the threshold to s prison . i bit the bullet and decided to call . i t spoken to her since her and the s visit a few days prior and i to see if she ever talking about his brother or if she knew of any basement . had grown up in the building she was bound to have more thoroughly than prentice . before i could get on to any of that i her an apology . my interaction with her had been rude and i had been too distracted to check on her the past few . i had been a terrible friend . i hit dial on video chat and for a response . when she picked up the phone she even worse than she had the last time i saw her . the dark were beginning to look like deep inky permanently on her face . still she just like she always did . are you ? i m so sorry about the other day i was just . . . it s fine kat . i understand everything with must have bought back some tough for you . i should a day or two . . . i m sorry . my heart melted as she spoke i d never had such a loyal and genuine friend . thank you . don t be sorry it seeing you . how are you doing ? i . i m . the t great at night i m not sure if got to them or something else . i have to watch everything that they do . the other day i caught trying to take apart the washing machine with his . by the time i stopped him had up the shower trying to climb them . she and at best definitely not . i wish i were to help . i miss you . i longing for the day i could sit and drink tea with her . are you kat ? you haven t been yourself . she we may not have known each other that long but she could sense when t right . was the epitome of an . this i d come to over the had been the only reason she kept in touch with prudence she s just so damn nice . i m not . i don t know if you know about s . . . but she made one for me and it s sent me to some strange . i tell you more when i figure it out but for now i need your help . i still chose to omit from my but i was ready to be a bit more open i t to ashamed to admit i help . clearly knew about s gift . she t bat an eyelid . anything . do you remember ever a brother even when you were growing up ? i . not at all . was always on his own just when we him . i was really young when he first though so i don t remember him well and might not be the one to ask . s face up in thought as she her brain . i m going to send you something . i the video chat and copied the photo from the onto my phone and sent it to her by text . her video for a moment as she did the same to check the attachment . he was the first to live here . his dad built the place . s video back on . where did you find this ? she . i the and why i had been looking . it t a short explanation so i spare you that . we even broke from the seriousness briefly for the to come and fawn over the . whilst to kidnap . just curled up with me he was my secret anyway . was fascinated by the vine . she if it had a connection to especially given the photo i d found on my search . i can t say the thought t crossed my mind either . i learned more about him every day but he would always first and foremost be the gardener . the vine made sense but the basement t . i was struggling to connect it to the . i don t know about a basement kat . but if this place is as old as you say then who . i know i may look haggard . . she on her and . . . but i m really not that old . i . i was sad that she t have information but it was nice to just talk to a friend . for five life felt normal . i d kept my secret and talking to i d almost to forget about myself . if it t been for the deep bite wound on my finger from the feeding the day before and the open on my chest from his attack i might have been successful . i still had no idea what the riddle had given to me meant . i was looking as hard as i could and it had lead me down a rabbit hole that just kept spewing more . what i did know was that with s seemingly permanent change in i was running out of time . the growling t stopped the look of pure hatred as i in food t end and i was getting frightened . something had to give . either was going to die or i would . there t another option i could see and the former may have been entirely unachievable . but he never returned after . prudence she the original wave of by setting light to them all on the already burnt out ninth floor again something entirely unachievable without s presence . i had to find him . i said my to that i would update her when and if i could and left to do my daily for prentice and the couple next door . as i left for the exit i spotted a man going into s flat . i him as the son that i d always seen visiting glazed with . had said that she would get molly to inform s family but i t imagine what molly might have said . i should gone to him just as a human being tried to comfort him but i t bring myself to do it without an explanation to offer . i myself that i would visit him when was over and i knew why his mother was gone . i rushed out and my as quickly as possible eager to get home even the name might have been helpful if i just kept digging on the . after i the off at and s door i turned the key in my own and shut it behind me like i always would . that was where the normality ended and my life was by an uninvited guest . when i turned to face the flat and caught a glimpse of my fold out table there was a tall figure stood right next to it . like was a little older than he had been in the photo . there was a family resemblance but the t the same s t warm and kind they were cold and filled with malice . he wore a suit similar to the one in the picture but it t as sharp it was covered in a thick layer of dust and tattered with loose hanging everywhere like clothes that had been dug out of a box in the attic . he at me . it was smug like something you might expect from a slimy car salesman . it s been a long time since i had to visit any of the up here . i like what you done with the place much more modern than when that old bint before you lived here . i was frozen to the spot . i t been alarmed when his brother had from me on a bench but something about was much more sinister . the thought of his son dead on the balcony on repeat in my mind . why are you here ? i . he . the smug grin extended across his . i like you . you t even pretend not to know who i am . you know kat i always a person who the small talk . it s better in business and in life . that trait will hold you in good stead . he was animated as he spoke wildly . you t answer my question . don t you find that considering your sentiment ? i back still but that keeping him talking might somehow help the situation . i don t need to answer your question . you know why i m here . he continued to grin raising an eyebrow and the torn of his suit . it s not often that i come across a tenant that as much chaos as you do . it s usually with the rent and even something like that t for quite some time but you are something special . he on part of the vine that was growing near his and i watched as the enormous structure withered and shrunk in size as if it were in notable pain . the beginning of my entire ordeal flooded back to me . i was back in my kitchen prudence s note for the first time reading the one rule that i d never learned anything more about . . the landlord will never bother you he t visit call or communicate in any way . but make sure to pay your rent in a timely fashion always . i have only dealt with him once in and let s just say i never another rent day . any you speak to the agent you rented the place with . rule number one . so much that i t thought much about that rule but there must have been a reason she put it first before even the . suddenly the literal monster in my closet soft and fluffy in comparison to the ageless man stood in front of me . i my rent . why are you here ? i stood firmly curling my shaking into . it was more for comfort than aggression . on the surface i was it would appear i was standing my ground . the rent part was true . it was hard but i always found a way . i was still training to teach and in extra cash running after school as i trained . even during i was digital learning . this place was my home and i d the first rule to the letter to keep it . maybe you t as bright as i thought . he rolled his . let s list a landlord might want to visit shall we ? damage to property . modification of communal . digging around where it s not or . my unnatural . . he went to continue but i stopped him . what do you mean unnatural ? even harder than before i could see in his that he considered me entirely dense by this stage . you think those three little you took in came out of nowhere ? they were a cry for help you stupid girl . like a flare . and all you could do was pick it up and let it burn your . he laughing at his own bad joke . my heart sunk wondering where the were and if he d hurt them . after all the trouble you when he you last time i t going to let my idiot brother continue to roam my . especially not after what you did once he was gone . i . i knew exactly what he was talking about . he knew that i knew as well was more than a few ahead of me . i that prudence his garden had probably never at all . he had been kept prisoner by the man in front of me . if could keep someone with s knowledge and trapped then i t stand a chance . shall we talk about that thing you keep in your bedroom kat ? i t mean to . i m so sorry . . . i it since . i . i felt a tear run down my cheek as i imminent death . i know that . you t have even known how if my brother had never told the last woman . . . and he to be so pious . the smile on his face had even the thought of left him with a scowl . he just tried to help the here please i made a mistake . i that i was about to die or even worse . t speak he just in frustration and turned to walk towards the bedroom . i him trying not to stay too close . the floor was with blood and as he the room i the wardrobe door was practically . you t even contain your mistake properly . he to who was in the corner over the blood smothered body of a kitten that he was crunching on the of . tiny of muscle and skin in of blood the floor . his were beady and black any semblance of i d once seen in them was gone . i and shivering together in the opposite corner trying to hide from the monster . the brief relief i felt that they t all met the same fate was interrupted when to growl at baring his crimson splashed teeth as menacingly as he could . i watched in horror as just stood there staring at the increasingly angry beast . the creature i had been for all these lunged at him aggressively . t . he barely even a muscle just out a tattered sleeve and for to make contact with his hand . the second touched he let out the most almighty inhuman scream you could imagine . it felt like my were about to burst and i instinctively put my over them . put his hand back down by his side as fell in a heap to the floor . he t moving . not like when i d him with the poker . he t just still he was dead still . the heap of fur he had become to morph on the floor his jaw inwards as if it were and his to stretch and shed their fur . after a while was laid there on the floor . not the rat the real one . the one i d spent with and for a home with . the one who knew me before all this ever . and he was dead too . for real this time . it took everything i had not to throw myself on the floor with him . i stopped myself multiple times but s bore into my soul and me unable to move a muscle . i tried to fight back but i t . don t bother to cry . he a long time ago . s corpse and bent down into a squat to get closer to him . not taking his off me . i t let him out if that s what you were thinking . no kat . you did when you locked an angry animal in a cage eventually they all get free . i a little as he the remains of my intensely taking in his hair and . my brother had this preconceived notion that can live in harmony with the evil that this building . he s wrong kat . we can t . eventually it us all mad . your mistake made such an unusual racket i had to come and see what was going on . did you ever imagine keeping him like that before you lived here ? of course not i tried to interject but he t let me . he was in full blown monologue . this place us up kat . you can t make it any better regardless of how many you plant outside . he s cold dead face gently barely touching it with his . the body beneath them becoming nothing more than a pile of dust on my carpet . i t even got to touch him one last time . stood back up salesman grin back on his face and brushed his . i up your mistake . t you going to say thank you ? i back the bile that was forming in my throat took a deep breath and every ounce of strength that i could just to speak . he was right this place had me up . but losing your partner like that would do the same to anyone . i thought of the little boy in the mirror prentice . . . even and . this t for me . you re wrong about this place not everything here is evil . i made a mistake but it s you that s evil you your own son . what i did came from love . i trying to my . you don t know a damn thing about my son . and you won t . this is your only warning kat stop digging into my family . consider my brother dead and keep quiet . he spoke sternly i t dare try to talk back again despite knowing i d hit a nerve everything about him set me on edge . he took another vicious stamp on part of the vine as he the bedroom it entirely underneath his dusty dress back to the size that it had been when i my foot free except it t green it was brown and rotten . he turned to me once more before he the front door of the flat to leave and spoke . if you dare continue your pointless little mission to try and find you will meet the same fate as that blind old bat from down the hall . people here will always do as i tell them . let her be an example of why not to meddle in my family business . feel lucky that i t eviscerate you on the spot . . . or worse . he at me knowing that he had complete control of the situation and left with a simple bye for now kat . as the door the two bounded to my shaking with fear . i scooped them up despite the burning and them close . i t going to let anything happen to them . the flat had an emptiness i t used to even when it had been just me with no before i repeated the ritual to bring back as a creature there was the comforting knowledge that he somewhere . there was hope . the pile of dust on my bedroom floor and the remains of my wardrobe were all i had left of him now . then there were s remains a glaring reminder of my failure to keep anything alive or safe . i cried for him as i scooped his into a ready to bury in the garden the next day . it was all my fault . . . . they were all dead because of me . i considered calling back telling her what but i decided to keep my mouth shut . my stupidity had already cost and i t prepared to risk her or the they really were family to me . i t about to give up though . all the heartache i d the of s son and the my spent trapped in the body of a vile beast maybe they t be in vain if i was able to save from his brother . the empty gaping grief that i felt left me perfectly of the prospect of a suicide mission . i the and felt the skin of my arms start to melt and sizzle . if they really were a cry for help i had to listen . i just t let it go . the next hello there again ! i hope you been doing well over the past week or so . i was so pleasantly by all of the kind left on my last story about . it my heart to know that you understand how deeply i care for her and doubly so that you were finally able to see that my can be assigned kindly . while i do dole out with justice in mind when necessary many of my custom are indeed to improve the of my . if i t do this i d be going against the very tradition that me a comfortable new identity in my time of need . now i m going to fulfill a request by telling y all about another customer i had about a year ago . i m not going to specify which request this is that t be any fun would it ? so you just have to stick around and see . this customer stepped through my about a year ago the tinny ding ! of the attached bell immediately brought my attention to him as the shop was empty . he was a man late very plain in appearance . he was just a standard guy average height with short dark hair and no distinguishing or dressed plainly in a pair of jeans and a t shirt . immediately i found myself he d come seeking a custom fitting . i covet his style of look most you know the kind so run of the mill as to be barely notable in a crowd . the kind of guy you could pass twenty thirty a hundred times over without a second glance the kind of guy who in without even trying . these are the of i m constantly searching for to give to future . imagine my thrill then when he the counter and the code phrase for a custom fitting ! i closed up shop then him into the back room to get on our consultation . after i d laid out the of the fitting process he agreed with no hesitation . alrighty then tell me about yourself why you re here today i my pen open and resting my in my lap crossed . he his into a tight line as if reluctant to explain his position . there was a certain detachment and indifference to his demeanor that set on me on edge right away but i just continued to stare at him blinking until he finally to talk . well i i realize this won t make me sound like the best person in the world he rolling his ever so slightly in a way that made it seem outside of his own awareness . but i need you to know that i ' m not a bad guy . nodding i the note down to reassure him that i was taking this precautionary statement into account though i rarely met a good guy who had to claim he ' t a bad guy . i found myself thankful for the knife i ' d pocketed in my dress there was something off about him . don t worry you re not the first person to end up in that chair for regrettable . go ahead . he returned simply though he did seem to relax a bit more to know he t the first of his kind to come through . my was found a few back we had our and like any normal couple does but overall we were . at first everything was hearts and as they say but a few in i to feel her away from me . i d make completely reasonable like not wearing a certain skirt out or to avoid meeting with her male alone and she d just blatantly disregard everything i said . the bland young man a heaving sigh his frustration apparent taking a moment to calm himself before he was ready to go on . i was only trying to keep her safe to keep her happy with me but she like she was about to be through with me . so i did what any reasonable man would do when the love of his life might walk out at any moment i tried to take back control over the situation . oh ? and how did you do that ? i customer service grin still across my face to hide a growing apprehension . he i to her the actual reasoning behind my but that t work she was always so emotional always failing to see the logic i d clearly laid out that the men in her life were only waiting for an opportunity to steal her away . when it apparent that there was no getting through to her i turned to the for where i on some that to give me the to keep a woman in my life . there was an element of magic to it all which i was skeptical of but it was paired with concrete that made the page seem legitimate . first i had to make some sort of i guess love potion is the best word for it made of some and a couple of my blood . i whipped that up quickly and made her favorite dinner then the concoction in her portion . we d had a fight that morning and i swear as soon as she came in and just caught a whiff of that potion she was overcome with love for me telling me how much it meant to her that i d taken the time to cook for her he snickering through a wide smile . no obvious unique in his teeth either i noted . " so . . . it worked ? " his expression returned to his of cool neutral nonchalance . almost too well . . . over the next few she losing track of her she d misplace her phone her her wallet her computer i was always able to find them reassuring her that whatever item she d lost was in whatever place she d used them last . she a lot with that she to be close to cracking at any minute on me to keep her together . soon she about all of these she was from anonymous people she was being watched she d get these awful degrading at all . she d even had to run home on several after being by strange men . i busied myself with my as i to stifle a shiver at the thought of being in the dark by some stranger as i home late at night . she was in a state of constant paranoia she ' t tell if she was being stalked if there was a ghost in our house . . . she me and she me he stated looking down into his lap . he rubbing the of his together anxiously as he continued that is until she found out . what d she find out ? i . the man . she thought she d been losing her mind so she looking into what was going on with her . i guess she found a group of people who d had the same experience only to find out their were them he lifting his up to air quote before dropping them back onto his . i d on her computer that her activity to mine so i knew everything . and apparently she d spoken privately with one of her to come take her away from me now listen i her and i t about to lose her . i her with evidence of her betrayal and she just lost it on me . even when i gave in and admitted that i was the one moving her that i ' d plugged her phone number into the site to send those that i had been following her she t see that i was protecting her there are real men out there who would hurt her if given half the chance . i was just showing her that it was a possibility he shaking his head incredulously as he rubbed the of his across his brow . the site specifically said if my ever found out about the potion or any of it the spell would be broken and she d never love me again . i tapping the end of my pen against my temple an anxious habit of mine . that must have been hard for you to accept . he emphatically . yes it was i kind of just out i guess . when i came to she was on the bed not breathing . . . in a panic i any mention of so manipulation from all of our evidence that would lead to suspicion of the friend who would come to her rescue he . and then i left formed myself a pretty good alibi and for him to find her . don t get me wrong i know it ' t right to frame him but he was with her he probably would hurt her if he got her alone . she just t listen . i have with the police department who been steering the investigation to focus on him . i mean it t be right for me to go to jail i have a future . i m smart at the top of my field and she me to do what i did he one hand into a fist . and he well he s a loser . he used her trust to sweet talk her away from me . he s had run with the law before so naturally he was a good suspect . but he to go into before they dug up enough to arrest him and i m convinced he s out to get me . i can t live the rest of my life looking over my shoulder always worried that he s one step behind . i have to get away and i need a new identity to do it right . i i need your help . after down my final i my pen closed . i got just what you need . although initially apprehensive about the liquid sedative he did so and was out for the official fitting just after . i gave him a little extra just in case to keep him down . a look was quick and easy i knew exactly what i d put him in early on . with the extra time this bought me i to assist in the fitting . whenever i m no longer able to carry on here i hope she take over the business in full . i sent her back up before he awoke though because i t think she was ready yet to participate in the reveal . i led the man now blindfolded by the hand to the mirror to show him his new appearance . what . . . ? no . not this one he as soon as he caught sight of the look i d chosen a man similar in age with a tangle of curly brown hair and dark . his new scrawny and lanky body was dressed in a black graphic tee and dark jeans . change it . sighing i shook my head to show my decision was final . this man came to me only a week ago . he told me a tale about the friend he d agreed to help escape an abusive relationship how absolutely distraught he was to find her . even worse the police had pinned the whole thing on him . i think you know him well . this is the man you so easily threw under the bus the man you insist is a loser simply because he d grown up poor and to steal food as a because he sold some pot here and there to survive . . . the man towards me clearly intending to cause me harm in some fashion . instinctively i for a knife in the pocket of my dress but the of the sedative had left him and . i figured it must have been for him to not be the one in power for once . i m willing to guess your amateur attempt at witchcraft did nothing your late was probably just happy to see you make an effort i my teeth . you broke her trust in herself i can only imagine the horror she lived through every day as she she was going insane . taking a deep breath i added and then you her took her out of this world and away from her best friend who actually her and not even in the way you thought he s gay . he me on and to believe he was innocent and i did because he genuine grief and empathy something i don t think you have an ounce of at all . this is a look you don t deserve to wear but it is one you need . now get out of my sight before i do something i might regret . dazed he stalked out of the room and into the front of shop . i d unlocked the front door so he saw himself out . from behind the curtain the entry to the back i watched as several police surrounded him had put in an anonymous tip after we d finished stitching him up . he was going off about how it was all a mistake but he was and taken away he ' d made his own bed and now he would have to lie in it . i do have many in my collection far too notorious to put on future however this is one time that i put one of them to good use . the man he d framed eagerly agreed to the of his look in this manner now he can truly live freely knowing that the man who his best friend will spend the rest of his life paying for what he did to her and for the responsibility he tried to always had a fascination with abandoned . ever since i was old enough i would gather my and we d go on a trip to any construction or we could find . the adrenaline of being somewhere you don t belong just stuck with me . i would occasionally go exploring on my own just for the extra rush . loneliness just a powerful . you could say i was an adrenaline . recently i went on an exploration that made me rethink my . it was a nice summer day in . i was visiting some who went to a community college there and one of them had given me a tip on an abandoned building that i should check out . of course i was going to have a look it d almost be crazy for me not too . it was already the afternoon nightfall . my friend that the place was an abandoned parking building that was under used and was inevitably closed off . i had myself some a flashlight and water . the second i i got immediate . sure enough and fitting the description it was an abandoned parking building . i forgot to mention i also brought a camera i know it but i was a horror fanatic and if i caught any paranormal i could use the physical as proof . the place was off so i t park my car inside the building . i snapped a picture of the outside of the building then to climb the fence . i to the floor on the other side and immediately a chill shot down my spine . i felt unusually nervous . i never felt this worried on any of my previous . i on my way to the building . as it was up close . there were long that down the sides of the building and hung off the various . tall grass surrounded the area and small sprung from small in the cement of the bottom floor . usually you d find or even broken glass or anything in a place like this . but not here the place as if it was built and then left alone and never with . i assumed that it was simply because i was on the first floor . on that note nothing in the area it just like an empty parking lot . i decided to move up further so i made my way to the second floor . upon entering i immediately the change in architecture . there was a wall that divided the entrance of the floor from the other side of the room . in the middle of the wall where i was facing was a door . a door ? why was there a door . it t even big enough for a small car to fit through . i at the idea that this was probably the reason the building was abandoned . i out my camera and took a picture . the small piece of paper from the camera i shook it then the photo . nothing out of the ordinary . i it in the pocket of my and up to the door and it . the second i the room a putrid smell filled my nose . the smell was so bad in fact that i had to place my hand over my mouth and nose to keep from hurling . when i into the room i saw something in the middle of the floor . from where i was standing it like some sort of dead animal . the that around the corpse only further that possibility . i hesitantly the middle of the room while covering the bottom half of my face with my shirt . upon closer inspection i that the thing was in fact a dead pig . it had claw that down to the lower half of its body which was entirely missing . you could see the of the animal strung out of its body . i immediately received a sensation of utter horror . by this point i had definitely seen enough . i turned around and made my way to the door . i my hand on the doorknob and was met with the realization that the door was locked . i sat there at the door for a good frantically the knob to no avail . i stepped back and took a deep breath . now calm i to consider my . i out my phone and was met with no . despite this i knew i could still call . however no one picked up . the phone just kept ringing . i tried not to panic as it t help anything . even so i was still . i thought that maybe i could jump off the side of the ledge . i over to the half wall of the building and over . my with fear . someway and some how i was multiple higher than the second floor . not just that but the building taller than before . i up to see the unbelievable . the building up above the and so on . i t believe my own . i out my camera to snap a shot of what i was seeing . the second i the click of the camera a loud noise going off behind the door to the room . i could see physical on the door that like pounding . i backwards almost falling down . the door like it was almost giving in . i stood up and to run to the ramp that led to the next floor . when i got to the ramp i to hear another noise . i turned my head to see that the pig that was once dead on the ground was now looking over at me squealing mildly . it should be dead but yet it was screaming bloody mary . i t give it another thought and continued up the ramp . like before this floor had a wall and then a door . i the door and as i to enter i the door from the floor below me burst open by heavy thumping rushing up the ramp . adrenaline through my body as i quickly ran into the room and the door behind me . i backwards and fell on my back . i sat up with my heart pounding looking at the door . it took me a moment to realize that i no longer the and no longer the squealing pig . i a few before laying back to catch my breath . i felt no inclination to inspect the room behind me nor did i want to sit back up . i decided to close my and rest for a bit . i don t remember how long it was before i fell asleep . i awoke to and a warm breeze that tickled my . i sat up dazed and confused for a few before i to a standing position . it took me a moment before my to the darkness . i saw the blue hue of night . the moment felt beautiful despite the previous . i in my back pack and my flashlight . i that my camera was already in my . when i on the light i that i was back on the first floor . without even thinking i rushed to the fence and practically threw myself over . i into my car and out of the area and back on the main road . when i finally could catch my breath i into the rear view mirror . my caught the building for three just before it behind the tree line . it completely normal to me . it was no longer a skyscraper that through the . i felt a moment of relief . when i got back to the hotel i was in i threw my on the bed and sat down beside it . i thought that maybe it was all a dream maybe i out due to the heat and had a nightmare . i my to eat a when i saw them . three . i them out and through them . the first one was the picture of the abandoned building that i took when i . the second was the picture of the door that i saw when i the second floor . so it really did happen . when i got to the third photo my . in the photo i to see the building reaching into the skies . but instead i saw myself standing next to some on a wall that as if they were written in blood . the read never come back . i since burned the and decided to forget the whole experience . i lost the will to ever explore abandoned again . i m writing this now to get it off my chest and maybe even warn any people who plan to explore an abandoned building in the future . i m sure the quarantine is driving all of us a little bit crazy . it up inside . i be honest i barely left my room . i m not quite sure what possessed me but . . . i don t know i thought it might be fun to try some kind of scary ritual to keep my mind going . to keep myself from going insane really is your best friend in these of times y know ? anyways a lot of the i found pretty nonsensical . there was one i found the mirror game you look into a mirror and repeat some kind of weird poetry really obviously written by a twelve year old up far past their bed time trying to be edgy and spooky as twelve year do . the poetry itself was something to the affect of mirror mirror in this room show me how i meet my doom . yeah real stuff . i remember doing that kind of thing in middle school with my at trying to get a kick out of the one in the group out of getting up to take a piss in the middle of the night . sorry . . . that s all really besides the point t it ? what i came here to say was i found one that maybe t so bull . it was the of the mind . i don t know about you but that s a pretty interesting name for a game . i the link with no hesitation . at this point i m really looking for anything that could possibly quench my boredom for at least a few . the was . . . shifty at the least probably something from . . . maybe based on how obnoxiously edgy it was . though the name of the ritual was interesting i was losing hope . how could you seriously trust a scarygamesscarypeople . ? but like i said i will pretty much do anything if it me from laying in bed . i scrolled down from the welcome page t any better than the really . i spare you the but it was definitely written by some with nothing better to do and a working vocabulary overwhelmingly made up of like . i m glad i m out of that phase myself honestly . however that s just about where my doubt ended and my uneasiness . above the was a warning a . . . an oddly seriously worded warning . in all red all it that if we did not play the game properly we d fall victim to the of our own and never be able to wake up . an endless nightmare with no way out . quite unsettling if i do say so myself . nevertheless the instruction page continued on as if there d been no warning at all . the font size was small white against the s dark background the cheesy spiderweb frame fading out . the author went uncredited but certainly had a unique style in that they to make this site look somewhat credible . the read you may either perform the ritual alone or with a partner although alone works best to get the most in tune with your subconscious . however a partner does decrease the risk of getting stuck in the inner world . to begin the ritual you must lay flat on the ground with the dimmed . and a night mask are optional but to get yourself in the mood . as you close your you must think only of your intention to penetrate the subconscious . however you must not force it . the first door will come to you naturally if your mind to comply . it will slowly fade into your mind s eye becoming apparent when the white sheen of the door s paint becomes purer than fresh fallen snow . you must open the door immediately without turning around . if you do the door will disappear and your chance to begin the ritual will be taken from you . once you open the door you should see a hallway . and furniture may vary but there are always many . do not enter through a door if you feel uneasy that is your subconscious telling you that you should not uncover that part of yourself . it s something you do not wish to remember . be sure to stay away from small shadow men and descending . the down you go the further you become from consciousness . if you go too deep you may not be able to wake up with such ease . never talk to shadow people . do not look in the mirror . if you wish to wake close your tight . you should wake up without delay . if you do not it may be too late . the last sentence was . . . somewhat disturbing . but i got right to it . i d been thinking about it and there were in my memory that were just . . . missing . and boy was i determined to find out what the hell it was i d forgotten . i a make shift cot on the floor by my couch setting up a pillow under my neck . i fished some out of an old box that i t to unpack when i in and lit them . ready to begin i my over my slowly rising and falling belly . i my breathing only think of the ritual . at first i saw nothing but a pure white door slowly came into view gliding closer the of its wood becoming more apparent as it me . the knob old . used . it had over mildly but the shine was still there . with intention i took it in my dominant hand and turned it to the right . it swung open with . . . surprising ease . this is it . this is where i enter my mind palace . my stomach filled with when as i found a hallway out in front of me . the door i d just gone through closed after i d reasonably gotten out of the way startling me . it shut with a loud the lock . here we go . i slowly the first door to my left . it was white as well just like the first door . the handle however was shiny and new as if it d just been . i felt . . . sick as i at it though . something just t right . so the s warning i past it . i wonder what it would been like had i . as i stepped away from the doorway i could hear the clear sound of a clock ticking . the rhythm kept with my i t tell if it was me or the clock really who was keeping rhythm with who . my stomach felt . . . light . it almost felt like it was floating up past my leaving me feeling weightless though it was more unsettling than it was comforting . nevertheless i continued to the next door . this one felt different than the last . more homely . the gentle green paint had worn with time chipping to reveal a warm brown base . the handle was ornate probably shiny and gold at some point but had over . i took the metal in my hand the texture of the design was comforting against my palm despite the cold untouched metal . i turned it swinging it open . i was immediately hit in the face with a gentle heat and the smell of fresh baked bread . a fire crackled in the center of the room kept well alive in the large brick fireplace topped with of i t know i t understand in the least . i took a step in however hopeful . it really did feel like home . the thick shag rug the bottom of my as i stepped inside looking around . the couch was by the fire comfortable rear shaped formed by of sitting . it was a rusty color warmed and worn . an old woman sat in a rocking chair beside it knitting something . she up at me her flabby skin as she at me . hello young man . been a while since you seen me she said her voice gentle . warm . she me of someone and yet i t quite place who she could been or how i d have known her . as i fell deep into thought she over and the sofa with one wrinkly hand . sit by me dear . bread will be ready in a minute . being raised an obedient child i did as i was told my caboose deep into one of the . the plush couch curved around me hugging me in tight . the old woman in a bittersweet sort of way her knitting . i m sure you can t stay too long so i won t keep you . her silver hair swayed gently in a thin curtain over her old grey . her spectacles slowly down her nose bridge as she continued not a care in the world . she up at me . don t stay here very long . he might snatch you up too . i hope he t . i quite like you she her voice clear as day . she up at me once again . it s a shame you t have any bread . i made it just for you . as she the last syllable a door in the kitchen open . though i i thought it might be best not to ask about this he she to by her solemn expression he t anybody good . her warning to leave i pried my bum out of the seat the warm feeling of the fire and the homely atmosphere still in my gut . i waved at the woman slowly approaching the kitchen . the warmth faded but . . . i to trust her . she was most likely my subconscious anyways . why would my own brain want to hurt me ? i t see into the room after the door . the handle was black long and . . . cold to the touch . i it further a tinge of fear welling up within me . but . . . there was nowhere else to go right ? i must continue just as she said . with that i stepped through the door . it was cold . that s . . . really the only comprehensible word i could have used to describe it . cold and . . . clammy . whatever warmth and joy that old woman and her little living room had brought me had out like a dying campfire over with a bucket of murky lake water . it stank like mildew and the ground i on was mushy . every now and again i felt something or . . . someone brushing up against me . it was light though and i t see . maybe it was a mistake trying this ritual after all . . . ? though just before i lost all hope and would have to wake myself up it an ornate white door decorated with all of little and the handle just as immaculate . though i admired it i felt sick . sicker than i felt looking at that first door . like i d vomit if i touched it sick . but did i really have anywhere else to go ? i turned the handle and went inside against my better judgment of course . this room was definitely different that s for sure . as i stepped onto the light tile i was by a small child . the of the ritual i it no heed to which it and away it s tiny little boots against the marble . the room itself to be . . . . like how you d imagine the banquet hall of a aristocrat from the late th to th century would look like . ornate light colored and an obnoxious amount of marble and an even more obnoxiously long table topped with a spotless cream tablecloth . there were several laid out each with a small name tag all in a language i t read . it like almost and yet i still tried to find something i could read . i had to go all the way around to the head of the table and there i found . . . my own name . my name ? at first i if someone may have been me then i was exploring my own subconscious . of course i d only really think of my own name when on a banquet table . however still curious i picked up my own tag . the were clearly painted over maybe . . . as i the door of the banquet hall and shut yet again . i t alone . i and up at the noise . standing by the threshold was a tall man in all black slender with sharp . either he was wearing shoulder or his just . . . . like that . though i never really send anybody with sharp i d recently gotten back and watched all my favorite burton from when i was a so that might been where my brain got it from . what was truly strange though was that his face was completely in shadow . he was wearing a tall hat with a wide brim but . . . the light t intense enough to make his face all dark like that . then i thought . . . could this be a shadow man . . . ? or . . . could this be the him that the old lady was to ? either way i t want to get stuck here but . . . the curiosity in me had grown restless . h hello sir who are you ? i out my voice high and nervous . he just and shook his head . it was odd really how his face was in shadow but i could still see his teeth and his . he stepped closer stopping as he the chair at the foot of the table . he at me directly as he it out the screeching against the delicate tile floor . it hurt my . satisfied with the gap between the table and his seat he his coattail underneath him and sat down crossing his . i watched as his me his like . i sit down unsure of whether i should really do anything else . he crookedly his hat falling over his . i cant help but feel . . . shaken . hurry up won t you ? you miss the good stuff . the real stuff . this is all just . . . decoration . it . . . no it was the man talking and yet his mouth was unmoving and the sound t . . . come from him . it was like there were all around my head blasting his voice right into my brain . he t sound human at least not in his tone . his voice was deep and with ample vibrato . i could feel his in the pit of my stomach . my shut i shake my head . what are you talking about ? what can i miss ? this is . . it s my brain i retort from the auditory blow . the man at the other side of the table the brim of his hat at the wall behind me with his . i turn and . . . the room had . there had just been wall there before decorated in gold lace and but now instead of the centerpiece of a grand chair in the middle there was a large wooden door . it . . . out of place chipped and moldy . the frame was so much it almost blended in with the door itself . i got an uneasy feeling as my the of the wood . go on . we don t have all day . as i slowly ascend from my chair i can feel his on me . following me . he s watching . as soon as i m out i push the chair in with the sickening screech of the against the marble floor . i take in a sharp breath . he s still watching . my stomach turns as i look at the door again . it s . . . tall . taller than i thought originally . the handle was big and ring shaped . it like something you might find in an old castle really . he s still watching . i bite my lip as i approach it . the door . my stomach . everything in me is telling me to just . . . wake up . wake up and leave . i don t need to uncover my past my true the part of my personality . i don t need to go over my forgotten i d locked them away for a reason right ? did i really want to go . . . to see . . . ? and yet curiosity me towards the door even further . what if . . . what if i got something important to remember ? something forgotten out of carelessness and not of necessity ? before i can reason with myself further my hand is on the cold metal ring at it . i knew you t disappoint me . my stomach at what i hear on the other side . it was supposed be a normal trip . everything was great until the end . let me take it back to the beginning . i was laying on my couch through my phone when suddenly one of my an invite for a trip in a group chat . it would be about away nearly in a secluded forest . we would just be for about days until we returned . i was to not go because i rather stay in a place with air but most of the people in the group chat were agreeing to go so i decided to go along for the ride . if i could go back in time i would have myself and tied myself down to my couch . the day that we headed out was a sunny day . along with me there were and all close from school . we all had the food gear . we rode out to the forest in the cramped car . we and while we made our way to the giant forest . when we saw the forest we let out a huge cheer as we got closer and closer to our demise . i was up by the car window in the back and decided to look out as we made our way through the forest entrance . for a split second i though i saw someone running out the forest looking as if they a bear attack . i quickly forgot the sight as we went and into the forest . we made our way into a clearing about a half an hour later . we out of the car and took in the view . it was gorgeous we were between the dense forest and a large lake that was practically shinning . we set up our and made a bonfire for the night and it was a blast . by the end it was late and we decided to go to sleep . i woke in the middle of the night when i a strange noise . it t like a rustle of leaves or the howl of a wolf but more of a gurgling sound . i thought nothing of it at the time and went back to sleep . when i awoke from my sleep most of the group was already awake . they were sitting by the now extinguished fire and were talking . hey your finally awake . do you know where went ? one of the . i with a no thinking he most likely went out for a bathroom break . after about everyone was understandably worried about . he still not returned to camp and we were considering looking for him until we a blood scream . the scream was towards the and we all rushed towards it . we broke through and leaves towards the sound until we all stopped dead in our . it was a hand . at that point i though he was dead until i groaning . we beside a blood covered tree we saw him . his face was unrecognizable he had no his were out of him . i felt as if i was going to puke . while we on in horror the beast came . it like a bear that could run faster than a cheetah . it s were big with sharp . the beast ran straight into one of the and into her with its pointy teeth . everyone stood still except for me . i ran the second it itself towards the girl and ran as fast as i could . the rest of the group like there was no tomorrow . the creature a guy jack and him apart with its giant . i to run faster . i made it to the clearing and for the car . once i the side i something horrible . jack had the car . the beast caught up with another person a guy i t know . the creature pierced the man with its through his neck . i thought of the next best thing and headed to the lake . the second girl ava headed to the car and to frantically claw at the locked door . the creature ran straight for the girl and nearly the car over when it into her . it was only me and another guy joe . we both to the water and dove in . we to swim and i made the mistake of looking back . i saw the thing bite off the head while looking directly at me . i swam even harder . we made it to the other side of the lake and back . we t see the beast anywhere and to panic . what the f was that ! joe as he paced paced around while keeping his on the carnage . i have no idea but we need to get as much distance between us and that thing . i said while to make a long hike towards civilization . i t hear what joe said next . the creature came out of nowhere and joe with his teeth . the beast ran to the forest with joe screaming and thrashing around . i ran in the opposite direction for as long as possible . i t know how long it had been . when i saw the exit of the forest i was so excited . i just to leave and forget the whole experience then just as i was leaving the forest i saw a car filled with people and gear . they headed into the forest and i was able to make eye contact with one of the . he confused about my presence and then was gone in the forest . it been a few days none have so far . hey there i ' m and i run a museum full of cursed my family and i have collected over the . now that my are gone it ' s just me my our new employee and of course . but it ' t always this way . xb if you ' re new here are some links to get you xb . the vintage wedding dress . the room . the crow . the new employee . the robbery . the road sign . the dog xb recently a few people about the black cabinet of and a couple if i was ever going to talk more about my may and . fortunately for us i can talk about both of these at once . xb first though a quick update of recent . is still getting lost although em is starting to warm up to her . i caught fiddling with the door to the basement the other day the one where i keep the too dangerous to display or those not suitable to display for whatever reason . she she was trying to familiarize herself with the layout . honestly i don ' t buy that for a second . the thing is though that to prove herself reliable . she ' s stopped from doing dangerous stuff countless times . it ' s hard not to trust her . so for now i ' m keep a close eye on her . xb so . i know you ' re curious about the object . i would be too . but . . . i ' m sorry . i ' m not ready to talk about it . i don ' t know if i ever will be . it in the basement locked up tightly where it won ' t hurt anyone ever again . honestly it ' s partially there so i won ' t have to see it often either . xb instead i ' talk about the cabinet of . i was twelve and my were alive and happy . xb . . . xb here ' s the thing about twelve year old she ' t want to be in the business of cursed . no she to be a musician . xb this is particularly interesting since i was terrible at music . i was a member of our school ' s ukulele club since that was a thing and the taste of the musical life i got from four while our lead singer the to some forgettable country song had me hooked . xb this also to be the " rebellious " phase of my life . xb i remember how angry i was the night before the cabinet came into our . considering what eventually with the object i wish i had let my anger go . god . . . i don ' t even remember what i was mad about . xb my and i were sitting at the dinner table . normally i was to go up to my room to be a sulky teen while i ate but on nights we always did a family dinner . my said it was important to sit down at least once a week and talk to each other really talk . as an adult i appreciate the idea although my were always available if i to talk too . as a twelve year old . . . well . xb " " i said as nastily as possible pushing around the potatoes on my plate . i potatoes but again it was pretty much full on angst . oh for clarification may was when i was a and was . " go ahead interrogate me . " xb they a look and finally back at me her tired . her . . . they were the blue a soft baby blue as to stare at as a clear sky . at the time of course i them to be the blue of the devil ' s . xb " i know it ' s hard all the dangerous stuff around the house sweet pea " said . i still remember her voice smooth and soft the honey . " but your and i we want to know what ' s going on with you . ? " xb " what ' s going on with me is i ' d like is to be able to have over instead of to make up so they don ' t accidentally activate some insane curse " i snapped . " what i ' d like is a mother who ' s a mechanic or a teacher or a scientist . can you do that ? " xb " we ' re sorry our make hard for you " said . unlike my fair complexioned had rich dark hair olive skin and that spoke of many of difficulty and hardship with their nearly black shine . she too was beautiful . " it ' t easy for me when i was a child and i my . but our family always the duty of protecting . your and i are of what we do . we hope one day you ' see that . " xb in an act i regret to this day i my fork and knife down and up to my room . my ' t come after me i really think they understood that the phase i was going through was not actually related to them and though it them they knew screaming at me ' t the answer . xb i the door to my room and locked it . my could kick it down easily especially but i knew they ' t . i hopped onto my bed out my cell phone and furiously a text to my friend about the unfairness of life . mind you we ' t have then it was a good old and it was all the rage those days . god . . . i feel a million old now . anyway . xb back assuring me that i was in my rage . she was the only friend i had who knew about what my family did . feeling righteous and indignant i went to sleep . xb . . . xb ' t at school the next day . xb i was worried enough to send a text but not enough to go check on her she was probably just a little under the weather . that is until i my talking as i was home from school . xb " ' t may . i ' m sorry but i don ' t think it would be helpful . " xb " she a right to know " i my say heatedly . " you think she ' feel better not knowing what ? " xb " better than she ' d feel knowing the grisly of how her best friend ? yes " snapped . xb there was a pause . i crouched just outside the door heart hammering so loud i was afraid they would hear it . xb " she might not be . . . " . " we should go check . her grandma ' t say . . . " xb " babe . . . you know the " said back sounding forlorn . my heart . " we ' go but . . . we have to do our research first . we don ' t know " xb that was all i to hear . my dully on the hard pavement as i toward ' s house . i had no doubt my were talking about her . not the experience to know the danger of going in somewhere without the proper knowledge i was furious that my were not rushing to save my friend and determined to do it myself . who what my got her into i thought . my hand skimmed the little silver pocketknife i kept at my hip . it had been a gift from my when i was eight because that ' s normal . but in this case i was glad of it . xb when i at ' s house around fifteen later thoroughly winded and at the stitch in my side as i tried to quiet my breathing it was eerily silent . no were chirping no wind was blowing . it was the first time i ' d ever experienced this in my life and even then even not knowing what it meant it felt wrong felt evil in my very . i . xb i the front door cautiously . to my shock and dread it was cracked ajar . as i it open it gave an ominous creak . xb the air inside ' s house was dead and stifling . the instant i stepped past the doorway an odor unlike any other hit my foul and putrid . like food that ' s been left out far too long in the summer sun but with a mustiness to it that spoke undeniably of flesh and blood and bone rotting just like the meat it really is . i at my stomach and its contents onto ' s horrific beige rug . i my mouth disgusted and determined to make it up to her later . xb " ? " i cautiously quietly . i felt afraid of something although i ' t imagine what . i stepped further into the house finding it utterly abandoned . i left then right finding the kitchen and living room abandoned . i headed for the since ' s room was on the upper level . " . . . ? " xb i a sudden thump from above me by a small cry . xb " ! " i throwing my caution to the wind and up the . i skinning my knee on that awful carpet . i my teeth and kept going the growing feeling of dread . " ! " xb i the top of the and over something . instantly i threw up again turning away sharply and miserably as i . it was ' s both clearly dead . my stung at the sight of their bloodied as though by a tiny but vicious wild animal . deep small their and their were as if by a sharp toothed rat fat and muscle and the of their teeth . i heaving again but there was nothing left in my stomach . xb i was distracted from my shock and horror by a little scuttling sound like tiny clawed on hardwood floor . xb cautiously i crept toward the only hardwood room upstairs ' s bedroom . it was hardwood because she ' d used to wet the bed when she was little and her thought it would be better not to have carpeting since wood is easier to clean up . they ' d given her the non bedroom when they ' d here . she ' d always embarrassed about it . i ' d always tried to convince her not to be . xb her door too was ajar . i it open wincing as it still on my and . i felt bile rise in my throat again already sore from acid when i the blood of ' s still my . xb inside ' s room i was immediately met by blood on the floor and by ' s body . she was covered in like her . she feebly . xb alive ! xb " " i going to her and glancing around me for any of danger . when none were readily apparent just dragging on the floor near my friend i shook her shoulder . " are you ? " xb she her shut . then she said something . xb " what was that ? " xb " . . . " xb i shook her again starting to sob . " please what are you saying ? are you alright ? " xb " . . . run . . . " xb just then a horrific from behind me . it like a dog or a rat or . . . i don ' t know . it ' t right . it ' t right . xb i whipped around but . . . nothing was there . my frantically darting so fast i made myself dizzy but all i could see was an empty room and a plain cabinet with one door slightly ajar . xb i studied the black cabinet not removing my hand from ' s shoulder and the other to draw my knife . it enough but . . . looking at it a chill went down my spine . the were dark and smooth and had ornate golden their while the rest of the cabinet was quite plain . xb the cabinet rattled and made a small piteous sound . xb " don ' t worry " i told her far more bravely than i felt . " i ' . . . i ' protect you . " xb i crept cautiously toward the cabinet . i think i intended to shut it but . . . i can ' t explain it really . or i can now but i ' t then . the second my hand made contact with the glossy golden handle my mind went blank and my body seemingly of its own accord . xb i the cabinet . xb the foul stench that filled the house me so strongly that i my stinging as they filled with . i back reaching up to protect my face from . . . from them . from what was beady maliciously from the cabinet . xb they were . at least that ' s what they like to me then . with flat marble gray skin and devilish they were about the size of a each and far more malevolent and i ' seen some truly malevolent in my day and they ' t even cursed . the had tiny black that from their and long spiny and two tiny that stuck out uselessly from their . grotesque and that foul stench four of them from the cabinet on all four rapid throaty . their fixed on almost immediately . xb " get away " i snapped my knife . my turned to jelly and i sank to the floor backward desperately so that was behind me . " get get back ! " xb the leader of them slightly and with longer more twisted facial locked with me . it and something inside of me turned venomous and stabbing . i cried out in pain and doubled over and that was when they . xb tiny at my skin my hair . i as they pierced my flesh each one like a white hot razor blade as they tore effortlessly through my skin . whatever these were they were designed to hunt . i at them and when my hand connected they felt hot too and i crying out again as my hand stung from the contact . xb from behind me . it was a horrid sound and desperate and . instinctively i knew it was the sound an animal when it ' s dying . i to match her and turned blindly with my knife to try and get them off of her . my knife met something solid and one of the imp wetly . i forced my open away the curtain of blood from the on my forehead that blocked my vision and saw that i ' d to hit one of them . on the other hand had gone silent . xb when i at her i knew at once she was dead . she had that . . . that stillness about her . that utter absolute stillness . you know the human brain might not consciously pick up the motion of other people ' s breathing the rise and fall of their chest the blinking of their the wetting of their with their . but when i tell you that as soon as it ' s gone you notice . . . i hope you don ' t have to experience it . but yeah . you notice . and she was dead . xb i ' t have time to sob before the caught my attention with that awful sound . the four of them surrounded me one with an abdominal wound that seeped a thick black liquid . the got faster and faster and a high note rang and until it was a vibrating warble that completely me . the me and involuntarily i the knife . it on the hardwood floor that . xb immediately the imp my weakness and lunged . i the energy even to scream as they upon me tearing and ripping and my flesh as easily as scissors part paper . dizzy i closed my . even the pain was becoming less . a blessing i thought . xb " ! get up ! " xb i my again sleepy and confused . was determined to wake me up ? could she never let me rest ? xb then i took in the scene before me and shot upright so fast my head spun again what was actually happening . xb was fighting magnificent twin daggers shining in her hand as she slashed at the . she was bleeding from the and torso and even from a tiny cut above her right eye but she fought on as though she ' t even feel it . as vicious as the were my was twice as vicious . xb was me over and rough but achingly familiar as they brushed over my wounds seeking to soothe the hurt stop the bleeding . " you ' re going to be fine just fine " she whispered glancing over her shoulder to make sure the were still . she was still touching me and god i ' d it i ' t how much i ' d it . i know i was crying unashamedly as i buried my face into her lap . xb in pain and was gone to help fight . i to open my tired again and was to find my being driven back toward the cabinet by the . they ' t seem to realize it was happening with all the wounds the were but the definitely had a triumphant gleam in their little beetle . xb my in a moment of realization . xb " ! ! move ! " xb they did without me and i dove at the scattering them like a bowling ball . i toward the cabinet almost slipping on the blood on the floor i ' t know if it was ' s or my " or my own i the cabinet swung them open wide for a moment the urge to enter the cabinet me and i into it then my name and i in triumph as i the closed with a final click . xb the gave a terrible shriek and to get into the cabinet grasping at the golden with their little rat . they were so preoccupied with their task that they ' t notice my slicing them down with ease . xb finally with the dead but with my best friend dead too my and i stood there panting staring at the cabinet . xb were suddenly hazy and i think i out then because the next thing i remember i was in my bed at home with and both holding my . xb they both cried when they saw i was awake so different but just the same whenever i was in trouble . they had been since i was just tiny and i guess i ' d forgotten until this incident . i cried too and i them than i ' d ever them . xb i learned later that the cabinet had been sold to ' s family by an antique dealer the previous day . they ' d it almost immediately and had been trying to escape when they were . the previous night when returned from school she ' d gone to investigate and had been too . she ' d lain there for almost an entire day until i found her . xb this made me sick to my stomach like very few have in my life . had been alive had been alive for almost twenty four until i in and the . i my needing to research . to this day i think that if i had my been less impulsive my best friend would still be alive . xb i had a good talk with my after that . " we want you to know that you don ' t have to continue the family business " had told me gently . " your was born into this life while i married into it . to be honest . . . i ' m not sure what i want for you my precious daughter . the light of my life . my gem . my . " she the top of my head causing the to slip slightly askew . " we ' support whatever you want to do your and i . we ' re so sorry about your friend and we promise we ' make sure this ' t happen again if we can . come to us next time baby ? " xb i like an actual baby . the next day i decided i never ever to be that powerless in the face of a curse again never to see someone i love die because i ' t strong enough again . xb so then . here i am i suppose . xb the cabinet of is in a well traveled corner of the museum with a plaque warning not to touch it and telling them a little bit about its history . even em ' t sure when it was made just that some serious bad blood was literally over it a couple ago . it absorbed that power and now it ' s essentially a doorway to different . it never the same reality i ' never seen the again but have gotten to witness a number of other both great and terrible when it ' s been by mistake . needless to say the golden door are now chained shut with the most heavy duty chain i could find . we haven ' t had a problem since that but i ' m still keeping a close eye on it . xb so . . . there you have it . i miss my but i ' m really glad i told you all about them today because they were good and they deserve to be . maybe one day i ' tell you about the object . maybe . if i ' m braver . xb for now stay safe and remember don ' t open the cabinet of . xb please . my name is laura and my mark in a car crash last year . we had been together for when he and were on the move to buy a house and build a family . on the day he i was looking at different we were thinking of . he was supposed to come too but had to cancel because he to finish something up at work . this t unusual since we desperately every we could get to buy and furnish a house so we both generally worked a lot . one of the had an open house starting at . i the house the first time i saw it and mark was happy to get any house as long i was happy . we had past this house a couple of times to get a better feel for the neighborhood and . i t know why but it instantly felt like home when i it . not just homely but it felt like i had a connection with this house . it was a beautiful old villa with and everything and surprisingly enough it was only a little bit over our budget but nothing we t manage with a loan from the bank . i send him a few and of the house and told him how much i it from the inside not him to answer right away i put my phone into my bag and about the of the house with the real estate agent that organized the open house . sometime past and i it was getting outside and i to be home before mark came home to cook him some dinner . when i was in the car i at my phone for the first time in about and i i had a call from mark . i tried calling him back but he t pick up thinking he was probably still at work i t think much of it . so i went home it was probably p . m . at this point him some nice and i must have fallen asleep at some point because i woke up it was pitch black outside . my phone was ringing and an unknown number . this was very unusual at this point it was probably am and usually no one would call me at this time of the night . but still being half asleep i quickly picked up . i my phone and all i could hear was some distant and heavy breathing . i said hello a few times before hanging up . i was pretty sure this was probably just some prank call from some that some randomly . when i mark t come home yet i tried calling him yet again he t pick up . i was desperate and his boss who was almost always working through the night and i was pretty sure he would be at the office with mark . mark s boss picked up his voice croaky but yet soft . i could tell i just woke him up i quickly and to up but he said well now that i am awake what can i help you with ? i figured it was true and just said that i thought that mark might be at the office with him . stopped for a second and said sorry dear mark left the office at p . m . he told me you to look at together . i was confused to say the least but him anyways and let him go back to sleep . i tried calling mark until it was early enough to bother some of his . i was lying awake all night and at some point i was even convinced that he had an affair . thinking back now i am disappointed that i would have even thought about that for one second but i guess sleep deprivation got the best of me . in the morning i still had nothing from mark and i to really freak out . i his best his and his but no one knew where he was . i was so confused why did he tell me he t make it when he left the office early enough to join me . that t make sense at all . at this point i tried him to the police as a missing person but since we t married and he was a grown man there was nothing we could do about it . i some of my and they came over so that i t have to be alone . after a while a friend found the courage to suggest to me that i could maybe try calling the hospital . my stomach turned at the thought of him being hurt all this time went by and not once i thought he could be lying in hospital . but after my friend that it was all i could think about . so that s what i did at first i up near the house and tried my luck . and the last hospital on my list was the one . i mark to the secretary . she t say much but directed me to some chief doctor and that i would come to the hospital directly . one of my drove me all this time i had to think about the love of my life being in hospital all alone . no one there to comfort him no one there . we at the hospital and at this point i could barely hold back my . we went up to the fourth floor . and from there on my kind of start to fade . i remember we to a doctor she had hair up in a very strict . she was somewhat but had warm brown . i could tell she t catch much sleep either her office smelled of freshly made coffee and her undereye were concerningly big . i can t remember much about the conversation we had i was by her calm voice that me like a warm blanket on a cold and rainy day . all i can remember is that she told me mark had an accident while he was crossing the main road a driver probably t see him and ran him over . they tried everything they could but he . i don t remember anything after that from that day . i don t know where i went who i to . all i know is i woke up the next day that this was one bad nightmare . that the love of my life that the man i to have with and the man i to spend the rest of my life with t dead . but as soon as i my i knew that it t just a dream . it was all real my and family were all sitting around my bed i was in my childhood room . nothing really from when i had out prior . all the and were still up on the wall and on the bedside table there was a picture of mark . it was from our first holiday together my put it there to make us feel at home when we were visiting . he so happy he was sitting on the beach eating ice cream and had the biggest smile on his face . all the so similar and yet so distant . the next few were hard and waking up each day realizing he was dead made it as if i had to go through it over and over again . i slept a lot in my he was still with me . we were still messing around in our apartment laughing about the and enjoying life . every day when i woke up my heart broke all over again . each day i had to realize that i was still alive and he was gone forever . it took me some time to go back to our apartment a few past but i had to eventually get back to life and figure out what to do next . my best friend me off she to come inside but i on being alone . since mark had i was always surrounded by people i know they meant well but seeing them look at me with their sad t really help . so i went back taking everything i got from the hospital and the police with me . it was a big white box and a little folder . mark s he had on him when he and what they had found in his car the official police report and the report of his death . i took this box everywhere but never actually inside . it pained me too much but it was all that was left of him . when i went back i was with a disgusting smell and of in our post box . i all the to get rid of that smell and when i went into the kitchen i where this smell came from . it was the i completely forgot about it and while i was at my s house it was rotting away in the kitchen . i instantly broke down this was the last meal i ever for mark and just like mark it was rotting away . was very hard for me to throw it out just yet so i put it on the balcony before i could bring myself to throw it away . i know it odd but when i was making that it was the last time i felt happy the last time my world was still alright and i just t ready to get rid of it . i myself down and looking through all the that came . most of these were automatically anyways but a few t and one letter caught my attention it was a red one and obviously a letter i have received a few of these in my life when i was at university and t my correctly but since i in together with mark i always on time . i the letter and it was from our phone company phone bill t been without skipping a beat i it . i know it odd why would i pay his phone when he clearly t need it . but i guess just like the it was something i was not willing to let go off just yet . this is when i his call on the day he the call i t hear because i was at the looking at the house i to grow a family in with mark . i took the box and sat outside on the balcony next to the rotten . i t even smell it and it gave me courage for some odd reason . i up the box and turned on his phone it still had some left his background was a picture of me i used to hate that picture i always thought i ugly i had a double chin some food in my face and was laughing so hard that my were very small . it was his favorite picture and even though i he put it as his background picture he always said this is what he about me the most he t care about or some beauty he my personality my my silliness and he said that this picture me as good as a picture could . a tear ran down my cheek . i checked his phone list and there it was his last call was me . a call i had ? i checked the time of the call it was a . m . am the night he . i t sure how this was possible . he t have his phone with him at the point of his accident nor his wallet that s why they t figure out whom to call . he was registered as a doe until i them . only after they went looking for his car they found his . i checked the time of the police report the accident at p . m . his official time of death was at p . m . i feeling sick i had never felt this sick before in my entire life while i am sure the disgusting smell of a rotten t helping but this was a different kind of sick . i feeling anxious and . i immediately put away mark s and my friend to come pick me up again . i had some sort of nervous breakdown while my family and tried everything they could they t much of a help and after some back and forth they decided it would be best if had some time off whatever that was supposed to mean but they for me to stay at some kind of resort where you could kind of get over some major trauma in your life . i know they meant well but i knew that i was never going to get over losing the love of my life . but since i t really have any reason not to go i went . i could see that my were relieved when they me off there not to worry about me every second of their day it was in a sense also some time off for them even though they would never admitted that . i spent a few there i had a group therapy session every day and a one on one session every second day . the resort was kind of build like a hotel resort . it was nice there nothing special but i it there . i made some i sat with when we were in our group sessions and we always ate together . unless we were in our sessions no one really about what trauma they had experienced that brought them here and it was a general understanding that no one that . in my free time i generally kept to myself . we were to not use our and i took advantage of that i being on social media seeing everyone moving on with their while mine was and i t bare one more text of and family me how i was feeling because to be honest i t feel anything . i t sad i t happy . the i got to feeling something was when i woke up from yet another dream where mark was still alive . but apart from then i was numb . each of the that s what we were had one person that was responsible for us . mine was . was an elderly woman she was always put together nicely but you could tell she was getting older . from the first time i met her she us to have a friendship like relationship and she was the person i could go to if i anything . i never saw her as a friend i was never supposed to meet her i was never supposed to be at that resort i was never supposed to lose the love of my life at this young age . but here i was . at the beginning of my stay i told what she would have to pay mark s phone bill which i told her was mine . i had a small locker in my room for expensive we to make sure no one could access but us . when i i but the small box with mark s and the file with all the legal of his death and my phone in that locker . the days went by and after in this resort it was time for me to leave again . the program included some after care as well . there were group sessions every week and told me more than once that if i ever something no matter what i could call her . while i was in the resort my family took care of my place more precisely mark s and my contract was by our landlord and they got all of my stuff and it into a new place . my chose the apartment and to be honest i t really care were i would live . i knew that nothing would feel like home if mark t going to be there . went by and i found my new normal . i got up in the morning i went to work i to my to tell her that i was fine i went back home and fell asleep that i would dream of my old life my life with mark the with time . in my we bought the house and in i was pregnant and we were our first girl . at the beginning i went to the group sessions once a week but at some point i stopped it was exhausting and i it there . i completely forgot probably more so suppressed it that mark me twice after his death . it was probably some sort of coping mechanism of my brain since it t make any sense and just hurt too much thinking about it . now this is where to get weird again . almost a year after mark i mark s box again . and i the phone that made absolutely no sense . not being sure if i might have been delirious back then and mixed up some i turned on the phone again and there was me laughing a picture i used to hate . but when i at that picture i knew what mark was always talking about . i so happy at that s what made me beautiful . the person i was back then was not here i was someone different . i had no joy in life apart from my . now obviously the phone was running out of so i it in my room and through it . it felt so wrong even after he it felt like i was his privacy but i kept on looking . i read all the people sent him after he . i guess that was their way to say weird modern times we live in i guess . once again i fell asleep in the past year i trained myself to fall asleep anywhere and everywhere it was kind of an escape from all the i went through i was happy in my and mark was always there with me . i never dreamt of something we did but more so dreamt of how our life would look like if he were still here with me . but this night was different i dreamt of the night when mark i cried a lot the first time in forever . then i woke up my phone was ringing . mark was calling me for a split second i thought the past year was all a horrible dream and mark was still alive calling me to tell me he is on his way home from work . i picked up the phone but there was no one talking to me only a distant and some heavy breathing . it instantly gave me the it was just like the night he when an unknown number had me . i t know what to do i t want to up . then i that phone was still in my room charging . i picked it up but as soon as i unlocked it the call disconnected . i t go back to sleep i am normally not a very spiritual person but this was weird . how is he calling me ? the next day was march th corona hit my town and i had to self isolate . while everyone i knew had someone in quarantine with them i t . i never me that i was living alone but i m not going to lie quarantine was hard . my new normal was turned upside down i t go to work since it t considered essential business and i eventually lost my job because i had only worked there for about half a year . my and family were concerned i was all alone in my apartment not being to visit anyone . at that point i also of my phone ringing . i mostly had my phone on flight mode connected to my wi fi in case someone would write me on but i rarely to answer anyways . the only person i am in daily contact with is my mum . she is trying hard to hide but i can tell she is exhausted and i can t blame her . i t say i am suicidal i don t think it would be fair to put my and family through that pain but if it t for them i probably t be here . anyways i t touched phone for a few and as i said i had my phone on flight mode most of the time . however yesterday was different . since i am still unemployed i kind of lost track of what day it is but yesterday i got a notification on my phone it read today at p . m . open house . i at it and put my phone down . i thought i was or that i . but when i again it was there . i figured i must have mistakenly put it in my calendar last year as a event but what are the odds ? and then i . this is mark s death day exactly one year and i t even know . i thought i d cry or try to go back to sleep but i did something i can t explain and i still don t know why . i him not sure what i he t going to pick up was he ? i his number but it went straight to and there it was his voice telling me to try later again . this is the first time i his number since last year . i it many times just to listen to his voice . i fell asleep . but this night was different i still dreamt of mark and i but this time i t involved in the dream i was an eavesdropper a bystander i watched him me and our child living a happy life i was not included in . instead of feeling the warmth of his love i felt lonely i felt like i was being watched . i to wake up but i t . it felt like i had to watch the dream to its end . i never had a dream like this i was uncomfortable but at the same time so happy to see mark again . but got even i felt like myself in the dream and mark saw me and at me . at first i thought they were but after a while i they t they were angry . i tried to wake up so bad the only place i could be happy went dark now . mark and myself were standing in the kitchen in the beautiful old villa i admired it for a while . and then i mark and myself left the kitchen and i was on my own . this t feel like a dream it felt too real but how could it be ? i what the other would look like and since it was my dream i figured i was the one to control it . i went to the main entrance a beautiful white wooden door i the door open ever so slightly just in case someone could hear me . i and i saw what the most beautiful house i ever seen . in my previous i never really about my surroundings all i could see was mark his smile his laughter . i was amazed that i was able to furnish a house this beautifully unconsciously . suddenly i a noise from behind me i turn around and there was i . but close up that woman t look like me she like the person i used to be before the accident . i was starting to really freak out i told myself this is just a dream this is just a dream wake up laura this is a bad dream . but i t wake up . she me deep into my but t say a word . she her head to the right and then to the left as if she to get a better a look at all sides of me but never broke eye contact . she slowly raised her hand in which she had the knife and smirking ever so slightly . and then laughing really hard . but it was not the happy laughter that mark me for so much it was a dark laughter it and it the out of me . i was really trying to nope the hell out of there but there was no chance i t move i t wake up . my dream self was now about meter away from me she the knife and i was ready to die die in my dream die in real life whatever it was . but then i felt something in the back pocket of my trousers it was my phone . mark rang . before i could pick up she to slash my underarm . it hurt horribly i picked up the phone and there it was his heavy breathing just like the night he but then he said something laura you need to wake up now . i my . i was in my room again . it was pitch black i look at the clock and it was a . m . i was very confused about that dream i to get my phone but it was already in my . i had received a call . . . from mark . i and then i felt something wet on my right underarm directly by a piercing pain . i my aside and there was my underarm covered in my own blood exactly were my dream self cut me with her knife . this last night now i don t know what to do . the only place i to exist were my but now i feel like this is the most dangerous place for me to be right now . i am trying to figure stuff out at the moment for example what i tell the when i show them my wounds on my underarm . and if i am willing to die to see mark one last time in my . i was never what you would call a " night owl ' more of a recluse . you see i find comfort in my solitude that ' s why the night shift to me so much . there ' s something quite about it something tranquil . it ' s almost as if you ' re in a parallel universe where everything just ' different ' . it ' s nice . i work as a night guard at my local shopping . it ' s deep in the so the only trouble i ever really come across is the occasional fox trying to get into the i essentially just get to count the down until am when my shift . there ' t much more to it . after all a shopping that ' s devoid of activity is a shopping that ' s devoid of concern right ? perhaps the only discouraging aspect of it are the . they terrify me but unfortunately in a dimly lit shopping they stick out like a sore thumb . there s nothing normal about some vacant imitation of a human . it like they look into you with a hollow glare which in your mind before darting down the back of your spine . their blank facade the impression of an unearthly human a shadow of the people who occupy the during the day . i know they ' t ' real ' but i never feel truly alone when i ' m in the presence of a mannequin . hell i swear i ' even seen one move once only in the corner of my eye though but i just put that to the darkness on my mind . i been doing this job for about a year now and part of what my paranoia around the is the drive home . i often find myself on the road just as the sun to break the seal of the horizon . it s quite a beautiful thing to see the world waking up especially after you finished your shift it sort of rebirth if you will . this customary moment of brief bliss is what any i have . there s nothing like it . it s my daily . but something on my drive home this morning something that been in my mind like a tick . and the more i think about it the more it me with fear . my night shift had just come to an end . i knew this because the daytime security guard had just . i checked my watch xb am xb sunset was at this morning so i had just over of driving before i would be rid of any distressing . i to walk towards my car tossing the master set of to as we crossed to which he with an unenthusiastic thanks . he must have to work as my car stood alone in the desolate car park . it was situated directly underneath an street lamp illuminated by its dull amber glow . once i had gotten in the car i eagerly my into the ignition and it avid for the journey home . i at the shopping one last time to see smoking a cigarette by the main entrance and i that the fire exit was slightly ajar . we locked for a moment . the fire open i . he his hand at me as if he was saying on it and reluctantly turned towards the door the ember of his cigarette playfully dancing with the motion of his hand . how t i checked the fire exit ? i decided to take the forest highway instead of my usual journey through the town . i had never taken this route before but it had just been after a year long closure so i figured why not ? it s quite a scenic route anyway . of thick forest split in two by a freshly pathed road . the sort of picturesque scene that you d find on a . the heart of the forest was dismal with that towered over the road . i checked my watch xb am xb something t feel right but i t pinpoint what it was . there was a distinct aura that made me feel like i was in the shopping i don t know why . maybe the me of the an inanimate unity that seemingly your every move . but it felt more like there was something about to happen . whatever it was it kept me vigilant alert . the thought of a forest sunrise was far from my mind . it t hot but it was humid enough for a layer of mist to latch onto the tarmac and linger between the either side of me almost as if it was waiting for something or someone . i d be lying if i said that i t unnerved my were white at the wheel but it was only until sunrise and turning back would have taken just as long as onwards . so i carried on in heed of my . a steady speed of i my attention to the broken yellow in the road . it was quite satisfying actually to see vivid of amber yellow come and go out of the beam of my . as well as this the road itself was incredibly smooth . this all me and for a moment i felt relieved . but unfortunately this was short lived . the forest had sinister for me . as i a fork in the road my suddenly deserted the car and i was in darkness . i the . believe me the last thing i to do was stop but i just t carry on in the dark . when my car came to a halt i was with my paranoia . quick took over me my dilated i could feel my heart blood through every vein in my body . slowly but surely i my grip on the wheel my and the car door . my met the tarmac and subsequently the mist leaving a marked circle of lucidity around them . the road felt hard yet fragile like one big sheet of ice and as my breath met the air it turned into a haze of mist which eventually settled with the fog that around me . stepping out of the car was no easy task i was practically hugging it as i the hood and it open . i at my watch xb am xb the sky was violet with a hint of the sun in the horizon that tinted it with a deep azure . i at the labyrinth of mechanics before me and was overcome with distress . nothing made sense . frantically trying to breathe some life into the i unfamiliar and shook an array of but to no avail . i m a security guard not a mechanic after all . i remember toying with the idea of walking the rest of the route but who was i ? there was no way i was going to do that . it can t have been that long before i it . it came from the forest the all too familiar sound of . they were moving at an irregular pace snapping and crunching leaves with every step . i cautiously my towards the sound to see what to be the silhouette of a human wandering within the dense forest . a human . someone who could help me . someone who could save me from this torturous experience . hey ! i out unsuccessfully . it just kept ambling on . hey ! help me ! i but it was apparent that it t hear me . so i drastically towards it . from the vast open road i stepped into the murky confined forest . there was about between us which i was with a steady stride despite the sea of that limited me from doing so . i kept on calling out again and again but it would not stop walking away from me it was clear that it just t me yet . edging closer another sound the a muffled voice . it was unintelligible but it familiar like the voice of someone that i knew yet i t make out any let alone who it was . it got to the point where i was within of it close enough for me to call out to it and be . hello ? it immediately stopped . there was a subsequent flood of silence which was as thick as the mist around us it filled my with alarm which unearthed the rhythmic pulse of my heart . the thing in front of me was lifeless . it was chalk white from head to toe with that were freakishly slender fork like hanging off the end of its arms . with a stiff motion it rotated its head to reveal a face or what was left of one . it had no mouth no nose no no instead there was just a smooth facade of a head the ghost of a face . there was a moment where it was just looking at me like a lion observing its prey . somehow despite the lack of i could feel its empty glare latching onto me it was both and hypnotic . i was . the glare soon a beam as two of light where its should have been . they were like to which i was just a deer in them . the harsh light into my skull and made its way through my spine . it was less painful than it was but i was overcome by it all as it to spread to every pore in my body . i could see the thing was right in front of me it was expressionless but i could also feel it tunneling through me . it settled in my chest an erratic form of energy that felt like a ball of lead . beyond the beam of light that coated my vision i could see the thing s face beginning to shift and stir . it was . two in the of its head by a pointed mount which shaped them into a nose . then like the slash of an open wound a slither of red below it a pair of ruby . the outline of to emerge from the sides of its head . they grew like both deformed and unpredictable . what was in front of me was the culmination of a face . it hauntingly familiar but the light shone too bright for me to infer anything . i must have been debilitated in this trance for about as the sun finally surfaced from its slumber . this could only mean one thing xb am xb sunlight seeped through the like honey the mist and painting the with a pastel amber colour . it eventually us casting a layer of illumination onto the thing ' s face subsequently shattering the beam of light which had me in its tenacious trance all that was left was an outline of its ray a remnant which in the morning sun . in due course my lucidity returned to me . the sunlight had revealed a pair of hazel green and a mop of greasy black hair that was on top of its head . everything so clear so obvious . the face that i had just watched morph into existence was mine . i gravely for a hint of delusion but instead was met with the daunting truth . it was me . the thing its mouth h h . . . . he hello . it with a voice that was a copy of my own . it in my almost taunting me the discomfort of unwanted familiarity . the moment of revelation had my adrenaline . i did the only thing that i could think of i ran leaping in over the terrain of the forest floor . i t look back i t . i from the forest with the mobility of a fawn my staggering in a frantic attempt to escape what i had just . it t take long to reach my car but when i got there i instinctively closed the bonnet and into the seat . the car was still turned on and lo and behold the onto the irradiated tarmac . there was no time to muse on this i hit the gas and sped off . but my curiosity got the better of me as i at the thing when i drove past it . it t . it just me with that hollow glare staring at me with my own . wearing my face like a mask . this me to the present moment . i been glued to my bed all day as as i was in the forest watching morning descend to evening . i can ' t think straight i just keep on seeing its face my face . i ' m by my own visage . the night shift is slowly approaching and i ' found myself staring into the face of uncertainty all i know is that it s out there i m out there and i don t know what i m going to do . my cat and i were best . i know some people just say that but we really were . not so much . she ' s a smart cat . always was . she ' d play fetch with a drinking straw a game we ' d play for on end until one of us would get . i had her trained to sit and wait before eating her dinner . she ' d sit there politely while i into her bowl then up at me expectantly with her big golden . i ' d say " and she ' d scarf it down . was always there for me to cheer me up when i was feeling down . she ' d sense my sadness and climb up onto my chest and get all . it was like she just knew how i was feeling and to help somehow . i was worried when she fretting at the back door the other night . she was pawing at the screen and making concerned little . was a sensitive little one . what ' s wrong ? you go outside ? was out in the back yard but ' t go out there much . she preferred to stay inside with me where it was warm and cozy . she ' t one for chasing or . usually she ' d go out eat some grass roll around and be back scratching at the door five later . the door for her and it open . she just at me . i tried to give her a little push but she her stubbornly . she out the door at me . out the door at me again . her way of saying i want you to come with me . for me to step outside then along quickly and by me . she off ahead of me . where you going ? ! i after her . she continued to run towards the back gate so i her not yet all that concerned . got to the gate and that someone had left it open . i the house with another renter who lived in the basement and he occasionally forgot to latch the gate . had gotten out once because of it and i had to tell him to be more careful . like he would need another reminder . was far ahead of me now i saw her tiny moving forward in the orange glow of a . her pitch black body disappearing into the night a second later . ! i was getting really worried now . she had never done something like this before . i ran after her as fast as i could barely her little black body running ahead of me off into the night . heart was beating faster now . i had lost sight of her . i continued running in the direction she had gone to catch a glimpse of her . finally saw her tail just the end of it as it behind a car in a driveway up ahead . the security lit up above the garage on the little . i caught up just in time to see her climbing over the fence into the back yard of the house . i around and it was . s place . his old green was in the driveway . hurried up to the fence and my arm over the top feeling for the latch on the other side . my hand found it and it up and i the gate open . i saw a flickering orange glow illuminating the tall of the back yard and forward . ring of people in hooded stood around a large pyre . the full moon shone up above in the clear night . up into the sky as i towards the fire . i saw my cat sitting patiently in the circle next to . . her yellow in the light of the fire . her fur was jet black except for a small square white patch at her throat . her priest collar as i had always thought of it . ring of human turned and faced me in the dancing light of the fire . their low rumbling now silent . i ahead and to the right where movement and muffled caught my sudden attention . a burlap sack lay on the ground near a garden shed in the corner . the shape inside the bag which and was clearly human and with almost enough of something which to be wearing off as their voice gradually clearer and more desperate . stood there for what felt like a long time . finally . spoke up . well is it ? he got my name wrong but under the i let it slide . you appear to have caught us mid ceremony . usually we . . err . . our are more mundane . a goat or a fawn will usually appease . this week however his were greater . he a steeper sacrifice every so often . when the moon is fat and full . still staring at me . the grew and clearer from the burlap sack until someone over and a hypodermic from their sleeve it quickly and wordlessly into the form in the bag . ow ! what the hell ! ? the shape from inside the bag then over and to snore . hooded figure back and took its place in the circle again . they were all still staring at me waiting for my answer to a question that was never . sure . go ! i m in like fun . i hoped they would agree and decide to let me live rather than making me a second and superfluous sacrifice to their weird cat god a statue of which i now saw raised up on a pedestal closer to the house . the group said together simultaneously . yeah ball rack sure . man you are great getting together like this . it s good to have a social group people with common . . um . . i was rambling . i stopped talking and for them to say something . if you wish to join us you will be to pass through initiation into the good grace of . one must be by fire . . spoke slowly deliberately . up their melted into their flesh a dark horned symbol which a malevolent cat face . they with their arms up staring at me . some of the than and blood and pus to ooze from the infected flesh . if i did this and the wound infected a doctor would be out of the question . this was clearly a very secretive secret society . which why they met at am in a back yard surrounded by large in a sparsely neighborhood . i took a deep breath and weighed the and . i decided to go along with it rather than die by being burned alive . i had made the right decision when i my head and . waved off the figure i had not behind me the one who had crept up slowly and quietly behind me with a syringe in its hand . i back and the figure backed away into the its face invisible in the shadow of its hood . welcome to the shadow society of . . was holding a brand in his tight grip now though i ' t seen him take it from the fire . its tip red in the darkness . his exposed wrist displayed its own brand it older and more fully than the in the group . i took it from this that he was the leader of the group . formed behind him and to chant . they at me blankly as he with the glowing brand up towards me . . to chant as well and it to form a harmony effect which was and surprisingly beautiful . down and saw watching me closely from in their midst waiting to see what i would do . i ' t help but wonder what she was really . clearly not just a cat i thought but something else entirely . soon as that thought crossed my mind her mouth formed into an evil grin . have you ever seen a cat smile ? hope that you never do . it was the most terrifying thing i ' ever seen . her face wrinkled up showing sharp teeth in the moonlight and i as the brand was into my flesh . it melted my skin and i felt something hot dripping down my arm . all i could see when i closed my was that image of her grinning . all teeth and shining yellow . my cat and i are in a weekly social club now . we meet and always at . s place at am . comes too of course . she ' s the dark priestess who silently the now . . stepped down as she is clearly the rightful leader of the group . to be by how my back yard garden is doing this year . i was told the harvest would be bountiful after the sacrifice was given up as . you ' d like to stop by one night please do . just be prepared to be by p . b . the dark priestess princess of . redd . it gzyjahello everyone as per my last post i a story about my own experience with a screamer . my curiosity got the best of me so i had tracked down some in my town in finding more information about the . i spoke with a man at the tackle shop i frequent . he s an older gentleman by the name of bill . the tackle shop for as long as i lived here . when i him one quiet afternoon him about . he closed the shop door and told me to sit down . bill the tale of mary to me a girl that used to be his neighbor a few back . i try to recount it as closely as he told it to me . mary was old when she was taken . she had just the th grade in her new town . even though mary was only she knew something was wrong with and dad . dad sleeping on the couch more often . silence would loom over dinner each night . mary watched as her once quaint little world was by a mess of darkness . up here and there call from concerned about all the shouting . more than once the had to separate these two give them a stern . while the fought over god what school was starting to be rough for mary . being the new girl had its . other would pick on her make fun of her for lunch in a brown paper bag . only particularly rough day mary was hard to the ground walking home from school . the school footage after she was taken they her from school to home that day . after the group of howling past her mary her knee tight as wet blood seeped down her pale . mary home bubbling ready to explode into her parent s arm . she the door the familiar of screaming coming from the kitchen . the in home security footage gave the a clear picture of domestic violence . mary s t even recognize her any more . not a care in the world that their little girl was bloodied and crying on the front step . her voice was loud that night he mean . back her voice crackling as dad his onto the table . the house rattled with screaming . mary tip toed her way up the a faint trail of blood behind her . she on her bed crying into the pillow as the sun set . the screaming eventually stopped but dinner never came again . mary tip toed down the again fearful not to raise the resting . dad laid on the sofa his arm limply holding a cigarette . the with static in the background of the dimly lit room . mother was nowhere to be seen she must have left with that other man again . mary for whatever she could find pushing past the moldy food and to whatever she could nibble on . mary s laid upon an almost rotten apple it was squishy to the touch and like it would fall apart into a wet slop . she carefully brought the apple to her teeth which sunk into it with ease . the mucus like consistently of the apple into her mouth . she t care though it was more than she had eaten in days . she brought the apple back to her room careful not to wake up dad when a knock on the window her . mary turned towards the big by window by the front door . a man stood still as a statue in the darkness . mary met his gaze his never to break from hers . mary towards the window the apple tight . her father behind her . she stood face to face with the man in the window his breathe drew on the glass . mary watched as a smile drew across his pale face revealing of jagged teeth . the bald man arched his head back his mouth growing . mary towards the door the apple falling to the ground into a wet mess . she unlocked the door the cold windy night blowing against her and towards the man . mary s father woke up to a blood curling scream . nothing like he had ever before . like a woman mixed with a rabid animal . bill said he the audio from a buddy of his down at the station . to this day he can t get the scream out of his head like he was there that very night . the scream woke him up fast from whatever drunken stupor he was in . he frantically around the cold wind blowing through the open front door . her ran outside calling for mary . all that was left was a soft pink slipper she wore before bed slick with fresh blood . the came took of the bloody slipper but the case ran cold . the security camera footage . they watched as a screamer this little girl . knew what had . the t come right out and say a screamer got little mary . but knew that s what when mary s father would come stumbling into the bar about the hellish scream he that night . of the beast that stole his little girl from her . bill s story brought to my . i told him what my dad said about the that they don t prey on . bill he touched my trembling hand and it . the feast on hate and darkness . " they were drawn to mary and her family the minute they into town bill said in his raspy voice . i my filled my head . bill and i long that night . i soaked in as much as i could about the he knew something on how to fight them . the cemetery was wet with damp . the fresh scent of rain dappled nature swam from all around a mix of that were simultaneously sweet and bitter to my nose the perfect concoction . the old stone wall still by the clinging wetness but drying here and there their own perfume to the bouquet but it was difficult to say which which . it was only a gentle intermittent patter of rain the night before . i was sat at my diary as i often am scribbling next and when i the rapping of a brief shower that in and away as most of the town were still well abed . i took a moment from my my pen on the paper with a whispered tap and over to my small window to just simply appreciate it . i d rain that night and here it was . i could see the leafy canopy from this vantage shift and dip and vibrate at the onslaught then the horizon half blocked by a smattering of and then returned contentedly . now the early sun peaked through the vast stretch of offering a golden tincture to all it touched but with the copse of that had been here on these grounds long before i had the light was stolen by the canopy leaving only shadow beneath . the leaves under the weight of the and every so often one would trickle off and fall with a silent splash below . when the were forgotten the in both memory and moss the world still shed in mourning . with a sigh that was neither sorrowful or satisfied i continued my . in the distance the immense green which was a constant home to dog family as well as young and old where it love wound and rolled in an immense landscape of beauty . a path one way and a rushing river across with overgrowth and a flora rich bank . this had gratefully accepted the sun s presence and to just spread before it in thankful submission . lounging like a . in the night time this was a bustling expanse of different of shadow dark dim and but under the ordinance of illumination the indescribably stunning aesthetic . i always that . the wonder in all that could be seen and all that t . i to look upon it on mornings such as this . each step revealed some further glory in both sight and scent . this was the sort of day that drew my fancy to the church in the first place . such magnificence in the beauty of . i suppose for me i found it picturesque a living masterpiece and that was not even taking in to account the myriad minutiae about within . i d been to and gifted with works of art for my quarters and it was wonderful even then to look upon a static image and find something new . even after it was as if the of those had that only age and perspective disclosed to me . but this a living landscape of never ending brilliance . every year a cycle of bright summery blooming to soothing and yellows of the autumnal pallet which would fizzle and shiver into bleak and white wintry in which stood bare and bleak but beauty withstood stolidly and finally then the and endless that had returned springing in a flourish promising the same performance will follow again again again . an encore we all . it could not be by even the most gifted artist . and all that i daresay is an injustice to the true beauty of his . for that is but the macro and fallible as i am i am to combat the . yet i knew on that path the and snails who found solace of life within the night would be now making their treacle like rush in to the of wet grass in which they would hide and hope to survive til another nightfall . i knew the the very who oft like now as the melodic herald to my day singing their chirpy gifted only by their creator and instinct would be and about their nest if not already mothering their . sometimes i could see them dart through the and hop about triumphantly on the green stealing hope from those but that was his plan . the earth and such is the order . in all his providence we often say but providence to one is sometimes deprivation for another . but we had a saying for that too the lord and the lord away . balance even for the lord himself and that we must respect . for without balance where would we be ? onward . i knew would be retreating in their that the would be deftly out of their that all around in their own and that the horizon my flock would be yawning in to their of the day pondering this problem or that issue worrying about such a deadline or smiling at such a feat truly humbly wonderful . i known these people for a long time . as soon as i was here i made a point of of of . this town is hardly large . true every wedding every communion every funeral i will see new crop up as bright and promising as the in spring of which i know have not the time to visit this church each week . to pray to observe to confess to partake but time and that we must respect . were i to stand on my pulpit to the solid gathering i do have and damn their brethren for refusing to show well then i will preach only hate and . that is a side of me i cannot show . no i must let the order of go about as it will . i see myself like an grandparent to the town and to the order . my have their their routine and they know where i am if they need me . should they need my assistance it is theirs . should they need my advice it is theirs . should they need my comfort it is theirs . and i know they love me . i know their faith within them even if but a seedling all it is some event to sprinkle and nurture that in to attendance . such as the and . not just me either . the who i work with are as much . it s as if each of them or at least one of them are seen as an extended member of family through the good and the bad . when sister had been into her next life the turnout for her service brought a tear to my eye . she no blood in this town but she went about her as if she was relative to all . home charity work school oh the list was endless as so too was her altruism . were i to be preoccupied with some demand or other sister would be there to share the burden and allow the clockwork of the church to tick by seamlessly . i learned in her i had a servant and friend that would be with me no matter where i went what i what i and she would bow gratefully with her gentle and yes father and thus the task would begin . unfortunately even for such a woman of the lord as she was she was not from the of pure evil . for me it felt as if there was no resistance no fight . upon a week a busy schedule of innumerable were to take place and she oh poor thing . they found her body and sodden on the bank of the river upon which my gaze could currently see . in the overgrowth and by the racing water . it was i who had to identify her and i seen many a soul s empty vessel before now but poor . the that had to her well it s not for us to dwell on . poor thing did as i and for such a fate to befall her it proved that the faith have in the lord is not as impenetrable a shield one would hope . the turnout for her funeral was like none i had ever seen even before my placement here . in arms and aged in every age between were there to pay . it confirmed to me that within these hearts the bedrock of faith strong as the earth s core . though they may be too busy to attend regularly sister had been devout and in her divine servitude had affected each of these in some way . either directly or indirectly . even those who had never spoken to her had a family member who at some point in their life had been beneficiary to her role and there they all stood . sullen and tearing and at the nature of her death . during the sermon i if anyone had information on the killing to come forward . the staff were working their they the matter to priority such a tragedy was unheard of in the town but i knew that an interview with the police could not glean the same as a pressure on the and conscience of the culprit . the judicial system hold no comparison to the of guilt . we cannot escape those no matter the deed . and thus i said a close if the individual or indeed are amongst us weeping with guilt as well as loss i implore you . come to me . confess . let us discuss your transgression under the of god so the loss of our dear sister s life will not equate to the loss of your soul everlasting . there was an audible shift of mood upon those . as if those suddenly that amongst them in sooth the killer may be standing . that some eye some falling tear some wounded countenance may be borne from a burden of grief than just the loss of an innocent woman . though you may be with the of what you did know that no deed is beyond forgiveness . my voice cracked here . almost the emotion bubbling within . something i tried to resist always . we in our blinded conscience view sin differently from the lord above . we sieve through a moral filter and believe that some are too large to pass through . but no . that is not true . to him who all all already who did this you can be . he is ready i am ready . all sin is equal in the of god and thus all sin no matter the mortal attachment to severity can and will be provided you confess . confess and repent and you are saved . that was ago now . the congregation out with many a kind to me upon departure . i at some these were the very i d given them to bolster their mental fortitude in times of trial . and each i sat in the confession booth waiting . my home for the following two would be the wooden bench . i would open the door to find it varnished and glimmering green from the sunlight cordially from the glass window which permitted it entry until i closed it behind me to the sworn secrecy of shadow . the floor only disturbed on this side by my own footfall would swirl in a sudden chaos then settle . and then i . and . my in the same routine of chaos and settling chaos and settling as i on who stole the life from . they had to be weak willed that much was clear . the they did to her they had given over to temptation they their to mutiny their reason and morality . they let the of depravity bubble gargle and foam to the forefront all sense . and then aside in a panicked attempt to hide the body . i to meet with this individual . i must know who within this town did this . most there was nothing . some a few would take residence in the other booth and through a fanciful latticework of black steel they would spill their . theft infidelity violence most were and even then through that same scale of morality easily by myself never mind the deity from which they wished for vindication or absolution . yet none not a soul to either confess to the murder of sister nor even admit complicity not even a morsel of information in which i could discover who did such a thing . i thought perhaps they were worried such a discussion would lead to their arrest but such a thing was impossible . their were between their god and them i was just a conduit who would receive the news and relay their forgiveness if such was . i even went as far as turning to prayer myself which i had not done in a long time especially not for something so personal . and then today . the booth was and finally the silhouette was tall lithe and nimble . a male clear to see who sat down with such a delicacy that it was almost as if the figure was indeed pure silent shadow . his presence already felt different . people usually come with perfume some pleasant aroma clouding them as if they had made an effort when they were to put themselves before the direct of their lord . but this man . sweat exasperation desperation i d smelled it before in my past . in fact i d produced it there was a dark time in me when my faith was and a succession of sin and corruption took its place but soon i balanced . balance . i say it always life is all about balance . it was after that time i was to this very church dealing with this very man who sat and fretted and though silent i could almost hear the parade of booming in his conscience . i did not speak first as i could feel the risk of flight already . the anxiety through the divider like a flood drenching me and my booth in rising anticipation . his breathing grew faster as if he were in the flood he gulping for air and struggling to stay afloat . this was not a flood any olive branch could redeem . it was strange that to feel the energy of someone and let it describe so much . most people were nervous through here true but from their initial entrance i could usually decipher and sleuth with some accuracy the nature of their sin . and this this was him . i knew it . finally he spoke . no he whispered a low remorseful and toneless sound . whether meek or masked i knew not . but the left . f forgive me father . for i have . i in spite of myself . though whether for the fact he had let the guilt of conscience bear so heavily it crushed until he had to let it out as if a poison . or perhaps because of how he this he was not a regular church goer . he did not know exactly how this worked but that me not . the important thing was that he was present and willing . how long it been since your last confession my child ? i keeping my tone calm trusting . i i oh god . he in the seat and i could see a flurry of movement within the darkness . i never been in never father . let that not affect you child i . the important thing is you are here now . there was a pregnant pause as i for him to lead and he in turn for my guidance . after a while i spoke . what is the nature of your confession ? i his mouth open and close dry and failing . then finally it it s bad father . it s oh god . it s bad . ah the very nature of the sacrament of confession is to forgive the bad . this t forgivable he stated . a tone that brook no argument . everything can be i calmly though my were shaking with . and that is why i am here . there was another pause in which he only again fidgeting restlessly . would you like to start with something you deem smaller until we continue to the deed that you here ? i i when i was no sorry i his rapid gave way to a sob and i sat quietly as the like a volcano from magma to eruption to lava to rock and thus he was calmer once more . i her . people often say their heart a beat and i never felt that before but now it . though within the heartbeat of work of thought of patience and understanding and back in a fraction of their before i . sister ? i he could hear the dejection in my voice . his reply was more sobbing . it went on for a long time or perhaps it was only my mind was wandering thinking about my friend . her devotion . her willingness to follow any order . why did you take her life ? i . once more he took a while to respond . as if trying to gather his . i him the time . it felt it felt as if something me then he added quickly as if trying to cut in before the but but that s not me trying to to shirk responsibility . he as if waiting for some rebuke but there was none so he continued . i was out for a jog . just on the green over the back there . i do it every morning . and usually its bare it s empty . but she was just walking father . his voice cracked but he on . she she was just minding her own business and i felt this this this sudden overwhelming sense of control . i felt like a wolf . felt felt like before me this fragile feeble woman felt like she was mine . she to me . i never thought like that before he i m married . i have . i never father never what he had never done i t told as it the admission broke him down . as he wept i it was my turn to speak . my child i said thinking about how this man his his his genitals how they temptation is often subliminal . every day we are endless to give in to turn away from the of god to let the dark rise and steal us away . every day . the effectiveness is in the subterfuge . a little submission to it here and there soon and us to take another step a further step . it is so easy to allow the hidden seed to nestle within our mind and slowly surely the stem of sin and . those who wish us to sin are masterful in their offering . they can wrap it up in neat little or hide it in the as they show us the light . it is possible for even the most virtuous of holding gold in its palm to have the blood that provided it dripping beneath . it is dependent on your faith your endurance your mental might to withstand this poison . i there it settle . he was clearly a dangerous man but i had to make sure . was this a moment of madness or was this telling ? you tell me you never felt like that before ? a muffled sob and a slow droopy nod was his reply . then do you not see your strength of fortitude ? i back that olive branch . you are not defined by your one sin my child . were that to be the truth then every human would have no business with the lord . our for this very thing this sin he his own life so that you all of you may be . my child is that what you want ? do you want forgiveness ? father that that s not all the man admitted . sister she she his voice was barely audible . just terror and as . my heart to hammer in my chest now each beat booming of thunder . he added in a whisper . she s here . i at that . and tried to formulate my best possible response . how do you mean ? is all i could muster . i see her he said . she is in here with me . she she won t go . he a prayer that fell on deaf . not mine . not . definitely not . every day since . she she with me . beside me . when i m in bed with my wife she from the foot . she and at me . in the dark her they glow they oh god they can t be . even when i close my own i can see them follow me . when i m in work she behind my chair . i see her shadow falling over me . i tried drinking her away but she only oh god . the world but she is constant . when i m she is at the spot i saw her . watching me . watching and staring . guilt is a terrible ailment my child . no father . she is there . be beaten and . she a deep intake of breath . her face purple and i can see the . the of my . her eye is sunken the skin is broken the blood is crusted . she she s smiling at me now father . missing the teeth that i out . she s listening . she my fear . it was only at first but but the more i think on what i did the her presence is . she me every step . every thought . i m dogged by her . my just replay her murder over and over and over i i i can t i want it to end father . i i tried to to take my own my but she she won t allow it . he broke down at that . she won t allow it father . she won t let me rest . i for a while as he . his mind was by this but it to me quite clearly he was here not for absolution not for penance but because this wraith had attached itself to him and he exorcism from its clutch . that is not what the sacrament of confession is for . and so i . does she speak to you my child ? i needing to understand . needing to know for sure before i continued . yes father . and what does my old friend say ? sometimes she that morning she her her . and other times that she th tha that my soul is forfeit ? i finished . yes father . and do you believe it is ? i . do you feel so broken by what you did that your soul is fragmented to shrapnel and detritus ? beyond all forgiveness . do you in your heart of hearts feel as if what you done is the work of a moment of madness or do you believe that your deed your murder was the devil working within you ? suddenly the grate separating us with a bang . i could see the of his poking through the rotten and overgrown like a nest of slithering through desperately for the taste of shrift . an exoneration . something to peel away sister from him . but i could not offer it to him . no . i could not . not that i was . i was physically incapable . his mouth was brought to the grate now . he was whispering primal and visceral through it of saliva dotted through my cassock . the stench of liquor in . you said nothing is beyond forgiveness father ! you . the devil ! it s the devil in me . it t me . it t my . i need him out . the devil or a demon . he away in to weeping once more . i then . it had worked . the moment i was here i could sense a fragility in and i knew her faith was wavering . it was easy almost too easy to show her that the power of the opposition was greater more immediate than that of her usual object of worship . that he . even for something as simple as a gentle patter of rain if you him loyally he would deliver . i her that when you take a deep breath it s inhalation and exhalation . it s balance . when you step back and that the world the divinity is a cycle a contract and that she was on the losing side the waning side you can begin to understand . i her that she devoted her life to the greed and selfishness of humanity . they the call of god a long time ago and it was impossible to win them back . god was dying . his hold was his might was fallible . the people she d worked for her entire life they only sought her out when they her . they t spend a second thinking about her miserable until it them . they not about god until their and they to believe they lived on . they not about divinity until it them in holy matrimony . they nothing of faith until they it was a vaccine something you inject your child with at birth to allow them to sin sin sin and be . i her it was unacceptable . it was disgusting . these people this flock it was corrupt . they not for her but for what she . what she did for them . she was a figure of servitude and nothing more . to them . to god . to the nature of . i her it t the only option . that people in our order were already had been for a long time . that town by town placement by placement over the bidding had . i to her about balance about how the world truly works that in her and she was only paying attention to one side of the story . she the light but the shadow . she thought of providence but not of the cost . she god for all his but was ignorant to their source . the bird eats the worm one is the other is . which is the work of god and which is of the opposition ? i displayed that in us sin comes naturally and that is because the presence of is than that of him . ha ! him ! an old fragile king ruling over an kingdom of salt and sand . it was all around him . and in each pillar ? modernity lust passion urge the grasp of our lord was growing ever . what modicum of his presence was in the cradle of sin . what candle of holiness still the tallow had run out . it was ready to hiss and fizzle with a phantom flicker . i her a night of wild passion and through to her that this world is like a canvas and only with age and perspective do we truly uncover the beauty of it . and thus we made a plan . we fed poison in our . we out subliminally in in in . i made sure she had gone to every house bearing the and in their selfish gratitude she would feed temptation sin taint . we the whole thing and i her that life everlasting she would receive all she had to do was believe . and she . and it worked . it worked . this man this lost sheep . he was dogged by her everlasting soul and she would feed in pure delight on his horror . oh my last convert her murderer until he took his own life in to a dismal madness . but he was lonely . he was introverted . this man . a wife ? sister was in him and his soul was hers . she would ferry it to the lord of shadow when his sorry existence was and she would then know the true power of a deity . and she would thank me when my turn came . i knew that . i knew that . i m afraid i said to the man . you do not belong in these grounds . your sin cannot be your soul cannot be . it already been . remove yourself sinner . you are damned . i left him . hearing him plead either with the empty booth or the wraith of . each sob a testament to god s weakness or s strength . my carried me weightless and giddy with success . the more i fed the more i converted the greater my reward would be . for before i turned i and and from natural and my reward was silence emptiness . but to oh his validation was instant his gratitude was vocal direct . a week later the man was found dead . his child had run to a besides himself . his father had his mother screaming if she t leave him alone he d kill the nun slut all over again . by the time police had the house was ablaze . i was immeasurably of . ancient she was . elderly and frail in life . yet it took less than five to get her to this point and look at what she had . adept clearly . it shook the town . much more than the tragic death of sister . she was nothing to them truly but he was just like them . one of them . his murder suicide had revealed that within them their sin is . it was only a matter of time before the scattered from that event would take root and our work here was done . sister she will be . and i it will be easy for me to move to a new town . a new church . new . let us see . let us tell the story of the world for within us sin out . you may disagree . you may not like my . but the fact confession is that we cannot fight it only attempt to absolve ourselves of the guilt . selfish . depraved . that is our nature and so i beg embrace your truth . look at the state of the world the darkness is winning . accept it and revel . i did . when i was little i never to go to bed . i was afraid of him . he under my bed . he would wait until i came upstairs to go to sleep . he had already taken some of my . nobody where they went . the just think that they ran away from home because our neighborhood ' t the but the knew better . we all knew that someone was us in our sleep . all the had been little from . the man would target one person . and he ' t stop until he had the girl and her . this had been happening for a while and we ' d learned that if we ran and onto our the man ' t grab us . once we ' re in our he can ' t touch us . the would give us protection . one day my best friend ' t show up at school . i went to her house but her mother said that she ' t there either . she had been taken by the man . she was and i never saw her again . i would turn the next day . and i ' t have to worry about onto my bed for the rest of my life . i went to school and did my normal routine . i had a math test but i ' m pretty sure i that . then i went to soccer practice . i was going up to kick the ball when my teammate ran into me . i went flying and accidentally another girl . she fell right on my knee and i a crack . it was fine for a second . i probably could ' on it but then the pain came . it was the worst thing i ' d ever felt in my life . the pain was just excruciating . the coach had to call an ambulance and i was taken to the er . the doc said that my knee was in multiple and i would probably walk with a limp . i had to stay there for the night so they could do more and on it . as i was getting in my i something . it was almost like a cackle . i thought it was probably just someone in another room watching something funny . i wheel myself right up to the bedpost when i see him . i see his pale shining in the moonlight . i see his arms reaching out to grab me . i see his starting to wrap themselves around my . i try to scream but nothing comes out . i ' m searching for something anything to hit his with . that ' s when i see a butter knife that one of the left . i quickly try to grab it but i ' m not fast enough . the man me going for it and he me out of my chair . on the way down i smack my head against the metal frame and faint . when i woke up i was in a van . it was moving so i guess we ' t there yet . i the man where we were going . he and just at me . then he said " oh well that ' t very good . you have a horrible lump on your forehead . we can ' t show you to the like this now can we " he next to me and told his driver to slow down a bit . he touched the lump on my head and sadistically when i . then he a rag from his pocket and made me breathe into it . i was losing conscience but he said something along the of " don ' t worry . your body is safe with me . i would never do anything to hurt my precious . " i wake up in a dark room . i have a bandage around my head and my leg is in a big cast . i look around the room and i find him sitting across the room from me . " why hello . how are you feeling ? " he smiling as always . " where am i ? " i say my voice as dry as sandpaper . he just and up and down at my body . " where ' s the fun in telling you that ? " he finally " the only thing you need to know is that your safe for the time being . " " what do you mean by that ? " i yell my voice was cracking and scratchy . he his tongue " i ' be doing the talking and you ' be doing the listening . understand ? " i nod . " good " he " right now you ' re a item . you have a knee and a big lump on your head . you will stay here until you are fixed . after all who ' d want to buy a broken doll when they could get the same one with no if they wait a bit . once you ' re fixed i will send you off into the world . now i will grant you one question and depending on that question one answer . " " would it be if you give me a couple and ? i just want to write down my story . you can burn them when i leave . i just want to keep a diary of my . " " but the day you leave i will come here and take them away from you . i will pour gasoline into a bucket throw all of the and in there and make you strike the match and burn it all . " later after i take a nap someone a notebook and some into my room . i wheel myself over and grab them . and then i start my story . i ' d just writing when someone banging on the door and " dinner ! " i wheeled myself over to the door and got my meal . when i was done with it i put it next to the door and continued my story . this went on for about two . finally it was the day . the day i would be sent off god where and have to live for the rest of my life . he came in just as he ' d and was carrying a bucket and a water bottle full of gasoline . he as he always did and set them both down . " i ' my mind . i don ' t want to burn the " he . " then why did you bring the bucket and gasoline ? " " it was just for show . instead of burning them i ' take them and read them . i ' see what horrible you ' said about me for the past couple of . " " but can you let me write in it one more time ? " i say . " of course doll of course . " so here i am . writing in you for the last time . right now the man is telling me to finish up . he ' s saying he can ' t keep his waiting any longer . i guess this is . until we meet aga xb this was all just a story . this girl a wild imagination . i ' m her uncle and nothing is wrong . she to make up like this . but i do like this story so i think i ' keep it . for safekeeping . and to make sure that nobody there on it . there s an old well in the behind my house . my found it a few days ago when they had to chase our golden retriever through the . we had just in and our t comfortable with us wandering into the to explore yet . i was standing on the back porch waiting to get the door for our dog when i them shouting for me . what ? i back . their were muffled through the . i could barely make out a few and s barking was not helping . i and stepped off the porch towards the commotion . i m coming ! " i could tell i was getting closer when the barking got and my got clearer . ? are you coming ? she said she was ! i hear . finally i could make out my brother s bright red shirt and our sister s blonde . t stopped barking and neither brother nor sister were trying to calm her . who can calm a puppy anyway ? my were looking down into some structure and as i finally broke through the i saw it was an old fashioned well . what are you yelling about ? i as i drew closer . i my palm as rushed to me and furiously licking my hand . we found this well said my brother . he took a small step back and his on his jeans . yeah i see that i said . so ? so ? my sister repeated incredulously . " where s your sense of adventure ? i . adventure ? what are you going to explore ? it s an old well and it s here . it s not like it s an old castle or anything else actually explorable . that s what you think she said . there s a ladder that goes down . i got closer and over the edge . sure enough there was a ladder made of wood descending into the well darkness cutting off my vision after about twenty . dangling tantalizingly over the void was an old bucket with roughly the same amount of rot as the ladder . i back and rolled my . oh yeah this like a super smart idea i said sarcastically . let me just go ahead and dial an ambulance for you we can have it on for when you fall and break your whole body . it s not that bad my sister . i m very athletic . oh sure i said nodding with great exaggeration . i m sure the decayed wood only against those who don t play a high school sport three out of the year . we a bit longer by the well but finally i was able to convince my to come back to the house . kept barking at the well until we d gone through the then finally our and us at a happy trot tongue out of the side of her mouth . i very quickly forgot about the well in the but apparently my did not . two nights later i was sitting on my bed in for an upcoming calculus quiz . i to glance out the window as my bed was next to it and i to look at the . instead of what i saw was two dark running from the house into the . a few later a third figure . i knew it was my brother sister and the dog . under my breath i off my bed and a and my boots out of my closet and hurried down the and out the door . the air was brisk and the which so warm and happy in the summer shone cold and hard down on the earth . dew was just beginning to settle on the grass making it damp but not yet wet . i my closer and headed into the . i could hear barking and i that sound . i d forgotten to grab a flashlight and i d foolishly left my phone plugged in on my desk . it t matter i d grab my and haul them back home . there were supposed to be and in these and at night we t out here without an adult with a gun . i t a fan of the dark and the canopy overhead me from catching sight of the . i don t think the moon was out either . i kept my head down and watched my snap underfoot . when i broke through the small clearing i saw a slightly more disturbing scene than last time . t barking as much but she was around the well . distinct and upsetting came from her and if i were a dog i d probably be doing the same thing . no one was outside the well but a tell tale glow from within told me my had begun their decent . i don t recall my from that moment but i to the edge of the well and down . beneath me i could see a long ladder descending into the darkness of the pit . it was new but i have no idea when or where my would have gotten it . my were already a good twenty below only a dim flashlight apparently between someone ' s teeth . hey what the hell are you doing ? i t bother lowering my voice as i into the well . i could see them flinch as the sound off the of the well . i was briefly staring into the pathetic eye of the flashlight as one of them their to look up at me illuminating the other s silhouette . i think it was my sister s . it s an adventure ! my sister said . come with us . but wait until we re all the way down my brother added . he d taken the light out of his mouth . you re add to much weight and something could break . i was so distracted by what i took to be an insult that for a moment i totally forgot about the fact they they were literally descending into an abandoned well . i bit back an indignant response in time to refocus . you i snapped . get your back up here . no my sister said . the two of them continued their descent . i tell . you do that and i tell you re the one who the car and blamed it on a hit and run when you went to the grocery store . . fine then i m coming down too . i won t be responsible for your . that s super dumb ! my brother said . it s just a well like you said . we get to the bottom then we come right back up . just wait up there . i but said nothing . finally the ladder stopped shifting against the edge of the well and the ever light stopped growing smaller and stopped moving . you ? i down . at first there was no answer me to yell down again . we re fine ! my brother back . but there s a tunnel down here ! what ? yeah ! there s a real life tunnel down here . what do you mean there s a tunnel down there ? dude how many different can i mean by that ? there s a giant long dark tunnel down here that we never knew about . i was confused and very alarmed to say the least . it probably goes back to the house or something . why would they build a tunnel that goes back to the house at the bottom of a well ? that t make any sense . how in the world should i know ? i snapped back . just get back up here . no ! both of them in unison . they gave me no choice . i had to go i d on the light of the to take me into the i had no source of light myself . the small roof shielded any light from the night sky after about two or three down . had continued and the whole time i d been yelling at my . however when i my own descent she and even outright barking . i had put one leg over the edge of the rough well wall and felt gentle teeth at the light jacket i d thrown on . but also touched and increasingly anxious all at once i her away assuring her i t like it any more than she did as i fought my way into the well . her barking picked back up again as i myself into the well . i could feel the stone and mortar of the well slightly under my as i found my hold on the ladder . careful even with the new ladder i my descent . finally after what felt like and only too many close i was standing on the damp bottom of the well . took you long enough my brother . shut up i snapped . directly to my left was the tunnel . it was surprisingly wide and tall and for the first few it was with on all sides . my sister had paced at the mouth of it waiting for me to arrive . this is super freaky " i said . there was a distinct unsettled feeling in my stomach . we should go back . i knew you d out my sister said . it s true my brother agreed . she it . i rolled my and down the tunnel . it was clearly old and there was no trace of water or moisture either current or from days past . i if this well had even been built with the traditional purpose in mind . it s not out if we re trying not to die i . no one we re down here and i t bring my phone with me . we re not . i could hear the eye roll in her voice . we re just look around and then go back up . it s not that dangerous . and dad won t even know we re gone . i still had a bad feeling about the whole thing but the most important thing for me was going to be getting these out of here as fast as possible and it to me that the best way to do such a thing would be to let them explore enough to satisfy their then get them out . i them down the dark tunnel . it got consistently and the farther we went . it was not enjoyable . the whole time my ' t seem to care at all even when i could have sworn i a noise down the tunnel . finally though something did make them pause . i had been too lost in my own fearful and ran into my sister . " are we ready to turn back ? " i that was the reason for their pause . they ' t answer and i in closer to see what they were shining their on . there into the damp stone was a series of tally . i could make out about fifteen or so . then my sister shone the light down the wall and i the tally continued . i would have them as natural from when the tunnel was built but they were in perfect and distinctly tally not just scratches . yeah i think we re ready to turn back my sister said . the wave of relief that washed over me only slightly the fear that still sat uncomfortably in the pit of my stomach but i immediately took the opportunity to herd my two back down the way we had come . we must have been walking for fifteen before i came to the conclusion that something was not right it did not take fifteen to get back to the place we had come down from . i could tell my were thinking the same thing but none of us said anything as a feeling of fear settled silently over us . we for a brief second without saying a word and continued down the tunnel . what choice did we have ? i turned my light to the sides of the wall and that instead of smooth unscratched that had been to either side as we d originally our trek were instead with those tally . literally every square inch of stone that could hold them did . i told myself i just t them the first time and forwards . finally we had to come to the conclusion that we must have gotten turned around at some point and were accidentally going into the tunnel . we turned around and went back they way we d came . after an hour we stopped . what s going on ? my brother his voice barely above a whisper . i shook my head trying to hide the fact that i was trembling like crazy . i to throw up and my felt clammy . it had been getting consistently colder and at this point i could see my breath . we should have either end by now i said . i stuffed my into my . i cursed myself for not my phone before going out into the . i doubt i would have a signal though . this is really weird my brother said . yeah i m getting my sister said . she stuffed her into her and her shoulder up to her . her flashlight was shining on the ground behind her where the stone wall met the sand . a smooth rock buried in the sand caught my eye . i don t know what me to walk over to it but i did . hey shine that light here i ordered . she did so . i dug at the sand around the stone . it t feel like a regular rock . it almost brittle and oddly smooth . what are you doing ? i my brother and kept digging . soon the sand fell away and when i raised up my they were holding a human skull . i went completely numb and it was a few before i had the thought and ability to let it drop from my . what the hell my brother whispered . i turned around to face my again . there had been fear in the air before for sure but now there was an undeniable aura of it choking me . run i whispered tension rising in my throat . which way ? i don t think it ! i cried . i an arm of each of my and took off down the tunnel . the dirt beneath our was getting wetter . i could tell by the way our when they against the ground and how my were slowly being soaked through . finally i saw light again . my brother had my sister and i soon after we d running so i d let go of him as he a steady few in front of us . i kept a tight grip on my sister s sleeve though it definitely my running ability . a massive wave of relief washed over me when i saw that light up ahead and i picked up the pace dragging my sister behind me . in hindsight i should have it had been dark when we d the tunnel and i t think we ' d been down there long enough for it to be light out . light ! my brother out of breath . i know i . keep running . but when we the source of the light it was not in fact the sweet light of freedom . it t even the same color if that even sense . we down as we we were not running towards the ladder we had previously down but were instead approaching what i can only describe as a cavern . we to a halt and very carefully in . this was most definitely not where we to be . the light that had just before been inviting and full of hope now me of what light might look like if it was shone through a thick screen of green . there was a ledge winding down slowly along the circling the cavern until i assume it finally hit the ground though now that i think about it i never specifically picked it out . i think my were saying stuff but there was a roaring in my and my could barely focus on what was in front of them . i felt distinctly lightheaded and only had enough sense to grab my arms and take off down the tunnel . i genuinely t know if we would ever make it out of that place . we had been down there for . i know because i had the sense to look at the glowing stove clock when we finally came into our house . it was nearly in the morning . we found the way out much sooner than i think we should have and even with our terror to scramble our way out of that dank hell hole without falling off that stupid swinging ladder . we took off for the house and before we even got close we saw and through the . they were yelling for us and concerned us and made sure were . our had gotten up at some point as do and had immediately the police and when they found that none of us were in our or the house . we were taken back to our own living room where we were about where we had been and what . even though we were out of our we did our best to explain what we had done . needless to say they ended up brushing off most of what we said as our or an outright lie . they did believe us about the i think and i my dad telling my how they should hire a contractor to come out and fill up the well . once i they t going to believe anything we told them i decided not to mention the shadowy figure i d seen in the cavern standing in another stone archway and staring right at us with glowing . i also t mention that this figure had us down the and that i d seen it slip silently behind a tree once we the policeman . when we were finally sent to our and the police out i out of my window at the yard below . dawn was breaking and perhaps that s why the same figure that had us out of the well was only just now backing into the tree line again but not before locking with me . have you ever of the snow monitor ? neither had i until i the army . it was a joke or a mythical animal used by the drill to imprint the of correct behaviour in winter . " if you don ' t close your the snow monitor might steal all your equipment ! " they would shout as they filled a poor with snow and after finding it open . honestly it was all for our best as a simple mistake such as an open could prove fatal in the we were trying to survive in . in it was " " which roughly to snow monitor lizard . it quickly a standing joke in the unit to put snow into open unworn and watch . mostly because of the hilarity that as the unknowing victim would put on the and realize his or hers mistake but also to remind of the of not doing the right thing at the right time . for the time the snow monitor was nothing more than a joke and something we all saw as a learning instrument . that was until one fateful night in early . my unit was supposed to take part in a small winter warfare exercise in the northern of . there was a training field there which for the most part was used for artillery and sam testing . the field was enormous roughly which made it optimal for long range . it also made it a perfect place to lose your and get lost . on the second day of the exercise my squad had been with a ski patrol covering a distance of about . my squad leader a towering beast of a man and for whom i hade the outmost respect gave a short order after which we spent the morning gathering our equipment and . the patrol would probably take about due to the depth of the snow and mild . the temperature was around f and as long as the sun was out the top layer of snow would be melting and stick to our like mud on a boot . this coupled with the fact that most of us had been home for and were now well fed and lazy fat and out of shape made me think that this estimation was rather correct . we set out just after lunch . men single file column saw gunner in the front and a sled with additional equipment in the rear . we had a small tent big enough for people and a diesel powered space heater for when we would have to dig in for the night . the way the math works out is that men are sleeping stand guard outside the tent and man is on fire watch making sure the tent ' t catch on fire in the night . the first of skiing went rather well . would stop for every hour to let us rest and change our . meanwhile he would consult his map and wrist mounted . nodding and murmuring he would plot out the next leg of the patrol and we would set off again . by now i was the second most experienced soldier in the squad worked with for almost . the rest of the squad however were new most of them fresh out of boot . their experience with winter warfare was limited mostly to that scene in the movie inception where they attack a concrete fortress and are by tracked ' s . needless to say most of them were feeling the strain and after of straight cross country skiing and they were tired as hell . just after the wind to pick up . the sun had been down for a couple of and seeing the state of most of his squad a halt and ordered the tent to be raised . after a bit of fidgeting the tent was raised space heater turned on and a schedule was made for who would be on what watch and when . the first to sleep in the tent almost after eating their dinner spaghetti and a cereal bar and it ' t long before i also off to sleep . it was just before am when my sleeping bag and with a smile told me that i hade next fire watch . outside the tent the wind was howling and i could hear the snow the side of the canvas . " there ' s a full on blizzard out there " said . " i hope we wont have a visit from the monitor " he added with a grin as he laid down to get some sleep . now fire watch with the diesel heater is not what you would call exciting or interesting . the duty mainly of trying not to fall asleep and occasionally shaking the diesel can to see if it is time to change it . with the raging blizzard outside you would also have to poke the tent from the inside to make sure snow ' t piling on top . in i had slept in a tent that due to heavy snowfall and it was not an experience i was keen on . as i sat there deep in staring at the glow of the heater i suddenly a change in the sound of the wind . the usual howling was still there but over it i something i can only describe as a horse in panic . a loud high shriek that to flow with the wind . not wanting to wake anyone up needlessly i sat in silence trying to determine what i was hearing and where it was coming from . i even the tent door ever so slightly to see if i could make contact with the outside . everything outside was just a white blur of snow and ice . i quickly checked the thermometer we had attached to the tent wall . it read f and with the wind chill factor it probably felt like hell had frozen over . " " i thought to myself " i hope they dug a trench out there ! " i sat in complete silence listening to the sound over the wind . it was coming closer at least that was what i thought . after spending in the army and countless nights in the you get a certain feel for and . before not too long i a dull thud . it like a moose walking past the tent only no moose made this deep a thud walking in snow . not only that but we were well above the tree line and the area ' t be by anything bigger than a reindeer and even they were few and far apart . i was getting a bit now so i gently poked . " hey chief ! i think there ' s something outside the tent " i whispered . " is it human ? " he with a voice that barely his irritation . " no i don ' t think so " i . " very well excellent report . if you wake me up one more time to report an animal outside the tent i will kick your face all the way back to base and beyond " he and went back to sleep . the deep continued for a minute or so but eventually everything went silent . the wind also to die down a bit and eventually all that could be was the low sound of the heater burning and snoring softly in his sleeping bag . when i at my watch i could see that the two at post would shortly need to be relieved by the next . i at the schedule and woke the next two on the roster . i can ' t recall their so i ' just call them bill bull . they around for their and put on the clothes they had in their . bull at the tent roof and a sigh . " and snow and all manner of . we ' re not likely to come under fire in this weather anyway " and then went on a long tirade of . i ' spare you the . they both out of the tent while muttering under their . not two later head came through the door . " hey where is the ? we can ' t find them " he . " they should be just straight out of the tent door " i . " yeah no they ' re not there " . " keep looking don ' t make me come out there " i said . i ' t want to leave the warmth of the tent but the i were also fresh i my memory and i was not too keen on finding the source . another ten had when bill came back . " we found a helmet and a carbine . something ' s wrong wake up " after rousing the entire squad we outside the tent door . divided us up into three two men in each and we the surrounding area for about an hour . we found no trace of the two men lost during watch . not a single footprint not even a broken branch . took out his personal phone and made a call . " this is no time to remain in " exercise mode ' not when are on the line " he said " we need to get as many people out here looking as possible " . the entire exercise was and search in earnest . three days later the two were declared " missing dead " . we went back to base and for the formal investigation to conclude . when it finally it said that " . . the two most likely got turned around in the blizzard and went the wrong way when to the camp . this is a tragic accident and no blame can be on either the squad leader or officer in charge of the exercise " . however a safety instruction was added to the winter warfare doctrine during peace time no guard duty is in below f if there is also a blizzard . i left the army not long after that report came out . getting your filled with snow by the monitor is one thing but disappearing without a trace is something completely different . i love my . i love my . i know they love me too but sometimes that t enough for some people . growing up my dad was never really clear about where he came from or what his family was like . it was just a couple ago about when i high school that i learned dad never even knew his own father and that his mother had before i was even born . i could tell it was difficult for him to talk about . i never would have if knew she kept those close to her chest . dad t let his rough start hold him back though . if anything he determined to compensate for his . growing up were filled with father son catch fishing even tandem bicycle . i think he tried to make up for his own childhood . i m not sure he was ever able to feel satisfied . if i had to trace a starting line for our current predicament i think it would lead to the ad for that stupid test . who do you think you are ? the had . dad at first but by the twentieth time the ad came on i could tell they had their in him . i remember watching a game with him in the den when one of the came on . who do you think you are ? try one of our new ancestry to discover your ! what a stupid service ! who where you came from when you already have family his said he the idea of a ancestry test but it was the only commercial he about that night . it really t that surprising when the test in the mail later that week . i remember hearing him complain to that he t ordered any ancestry but when i in he just sheepish . we both knew he had given in and ordered the himself in a moment of weakness . i tried to make eye contact with dad but his gaze was elusive . i don t know if it was a sixth sense or just a sense of pique that made me say it . you should be happy with the family you have . that wounded him a bit i think . i t around to see what he did with the test . at the time i t really care i t think finding a bunch of long lost was salve his childhood wounds . two went by and my recollection of the test faded . until dad came into the kitchen during breakfast one morning . the had come back ! he had received an from the testing service . apparently he had close and had already his phone number to them . we t have a chance to ask what he had learned had to get to work while angelica and i both had classes . the next several days flew by . i got up went to class and came home . neither or i any mention of going to visit the . rolled around our days were uneventful but we came home to a surprise . both and dad were in the family . dad excited while in the passenger seat . " c ' mon ! we get going if we don ' t want to be late " said dad . " where are we going ? " . " we re just going up the freeway . we ' re meet some family that live outside of newton " dad . t convinced we don t have any family outside of newton . just get in the car ! dad . he was losing his patience . hesitantly we into the . dad out of the driveway impatiently . the atmosphere was tense as the the of our suburb . the sun made contact with the ridge our town from the west just as dad got us onto the freeway headed north towards newton . darkness and dad turned on the . quiet in the cab for twenty or so until the exit sign for newton came into view . dad coldly acknowledged we were at the for the housing development where our lived . there was some scattered bordering the road that suburban sprawl had not caught up to yet . as we off the highway and into the development a curse dad ' s . i up at the that hung from the mirror . there was no sign the development even . the across an empty placard that should have displayed the neighborhood ' s name . dad continued in silence not wanting to acknowledge that he was driving blind . if i had spoken up then maybe we could have what came next . the development must have been new . the house ' s were in good condition but every driveway was empty . none of the we had on either . they each a mystery in the dark until the car s over them . i out my phone to check how new the development was but i got stuck on the load screen . there ' t seem to be any service in this neighborhood yet . dad kept the car below as he drove up the street . i ' m still not sure if he was trying to be mindful while driving in a strange place or if perhaps anxiety had to tug on his reins . i tried teasing to lighten the mood . " hey did you see that ? " i said tracing an invisible arc across one of the passing . " what ? " said . " that t look like a dog " i . ' t amused by my attempt to gas up . the zipping gesture she made over her made it clear what she thought of my joke . i think this is their part of the neighborhood said dad . i saw the dull glow of street ahead . as we over the threshold into the part of the development i spied flickering in the of the surrounding and a slight itch on the back of my neck . dad us to keep an eye out for the house number as the car through the neighborhood . dad and both their searching for that we had our destination while i sat back and considered just where we were driving . the previous part of the neighborhood had brand new while this section old much older than the sign on the surface street would lead one to think . i remember s silence by the silence of the radio . it had been on while we drove down i was sure of it . i t say with any certainty what we had to but it was definitely on . however as we drove through that neighborhood all i could hear from the were gentle . before i could point out the radio though something caught my eye in one of the . the dim light of someone s front room revealed three watching our car pass by . i put it out of my mind for a moment . our car continued to creep down the street . the next house also had a light on maybe people got home early around here i thought . i towards the light source and that the second house also had a silhouette watching us . two consecutive filled with nosey . that ' t so unusual was it ? i with relief as we came to the next house their were off . even darkness did not improve this house ' s appearance . the chipped siding gave the home a appearance . we had nearly by when the light came on . five tiny stood in the window watching us pass . their were if i at the time they were probably . then i saw one of them move . that step away from the window my attention . the lopsided way the figure balanced unnatural . i thought to point it out but just as quickly as they had they stopped . we on leaving the house in the night . as we came up to the next house i decided to speak up . " hey dad i think they ' re watching us " i said . dad gave a classic noncommittal response " they ' re probably just curious . " i think he to get unsettled when i pointed out the watching us at the next five . he stopped trying to track the house and instead forward at a steady pace the . had also looking at the on her side of the street and noted our audience over there . the car forward in silence . that itch on the back of my neck graduated into the sensation prey when it is . i don t think i was only one i could see little of sweat forming on dad ' s neck . the engine as the to pick up speed . the road curved the neighborhood ahead . i checked the number of the next house that we still nowhere near the house we were looking for . " let ' s just go home " . dad her seemingly torn between the task he had himself to and his own . we t have to wait long for the choice to be made for him . coming around the curve of the street we found ourselves in the middle of a de sac . dad ' s visibly as he there were no more to check . he soft turning around . i think he was torn between trying to call the and the instinct to flee . dad brought the around intent on driving us home . i quickly the opposite side of the street . every house was lit . the first window i spotted was empty though . so was the next one . had they really stopped watching us ? i had gotten ahead of myself . the had left their and now stood motionless at the back of the de sac . i in the mirror to see if dad had yet but he was busy house again . i behind us the from the back of the de sac had advanced out into the street half the distance between us . the crowd like it was at least three deep . darkness their . the only motion they displayed came from their clothing in the breeze . people normally move and it a distinctly uncomfortable feeling when you see of people stand motionless like . more of the shadowy had stepped out of the and had posted up in the surrounding the road while i on our rear . i ' t dare look away i had seen one move but i ' t understand why they were us pass unmolested . i forward briefly then in surprise . the crowd of statue like had nearly doubled behind the car . " oh my god ! " dad as he spotted the the mirror . the engine as he engaged the accelerator . whipped his head back around missing whatever had with the car . he down and our to look . it was a child sized figure . " oh god ! " dad . the car and to undo his before the thing we thought was a child got up . both its were broken but that did not stop it from taking up that weird lopsided posture i had seen . the child thing s torso ponderously while both arms down its sides . the light from the cab illuminated the thing s face . then it forming a parabolic maw a grin my enduring impression was of an overabundance of teeth . " dad get back in the car ! " i as he the latch on the door . he swiveled to look at what i had seen and the gas pedal . i ' m not sure if it was the girl ' s posture or the unnatural expression on her face but dad finally gave up on finding his . we out of that neighborhood . the us all the way to the edge of that dark and ancient neighborhood but stopped at the edge of the empty development . once we were back on the freeway we caught our breath . i think we are safe at least for now . the after we got home that night . the number dad had gotten for the kept calling him but t leave any . he it the first couple times the phone rang finally after the fifth call . they where he was ? maybe he had gone to the wrong neighborhood if he would just come back they could have their reunion . dad told them not to call again . that ' s when the to our house . we tried getting the police involved but when they the number all they got was a disconnected message . dad tried giving them the address we had but they t able to find it in their system . we were told politely but firmly not to waste their time again . now i getting from i don t recognize . i tried blocking them at first but the number to change after a while . i m up to twenty and i don t know what to do . i woke up in a different bed than i fell asleep in bed . " come jake it ' s time for high school ! the teacher said that you are smart but you still need to go to school on time . " said a woman with black hair . " who am i ? who was i ? " i thought in my head . " just a second ! " i said to the woman who i as my . " why am i this ? i guess my name is jake . " i thought again . i out of bed and saw science equipment that you can buy . i took what was a bag that to jake . i went out of the room . i was in a hallway and went to what was a nice kitchen . i ate some cereal . i ' t like it but now i do . was this because i was jake now ? " bye " i said to the woman . i went on a bus which took me to a high school . in the bag i had for school and a little booklet . i it . inside was information about upcoming . all were a . jake was a good . i went to class . jake would have had a math exam today . i knew everything . i was great at everything right . sports biology politics chemistry . everything ! after the end of the day i went back on the bus and went " home " to my " " . " hey honey . how was school ? " the woman . " good " i said to her . a man into the kitchen from the bathroom . " hey son . how did the math exam go ? it right ? " said the man . " yeah i will go to my room now " i said to them . " . the dinner will be at " said my " " . in " my " room there was a big desk and an apple computer on it . it was turned on . there were on it like steam epic store and more . there was also something " my " . in the folder there were more in it . in each one stuff about medical law science biology and more . and on the screen was another folder . " my creation " " what is this ? " i thought . i it . a note out of nowhere . " ! it worked i guess . you will know what . first off you me . second i am above any mortal . you will be my toy . everyone is . " it was written in very rough writing . it was gone the second i read it . in the folder there was a program . it was " . " i it . " hello . you may wonder why did i do this . who you were . in short you were a god . yes . god is real . you were him . i am a god now . you will never hear again from me . . " said the voice . " tell me more please ! " i . i at a clock on the computer . it was . i went to open the door . but it ' t open . i tried for . the clock still said . i was frozen in time . i ' t be . i found an empty notebook to write the down . if i was frozen then a notebook would be written and someone could write it down . please . if you hear a message from god say " why did you do it to him ? " . this is my warning to you all . you must absolutely turn off your television when . either switch the channel midway through the or turn off your . please just listen to me . for those of you who don t know is a television that the of several different to television of the past week . it s a due to its funny lighthearted nature . it s a very enjoyable watch . that is until recently . a few ago i tuned in to the show on my . it every night so naturally i was a little bit tipsy from some after work . actually tipsy is an understatement . so i m just sitting on my armchair watching the lighthearted entertainment . of course i m past the point of tipsy when the begin to roll . the kind of drunk where everything around you past your at . the kind where you re still moving even though you re completely still . yeah i was that drunk . i was way too gone to bother switching the channel so i just until the rolled and the came on so i could just continue to watch whatever came on next . except that s not what . when the finished and the cheery familiar theme song came to an end the screen just went blank . like entirely pitch black . through my drunken stupor i it up to a power cut until i my were still working fine . i to press buttons on my remote to try and get the damn thing to turn on again which of course was to no avail . finally and completely begrudgingly i forced myself to check out the mains plug socket that the was connected to . but as i got closer to the television screen i that my t switched off at all and the blank black screen was actually a very very dark sitting room . it made me jump a bit at first so i stepped back a bit to get a view of the image on the screen . i could vaguely make out a dark sitting room with a large sofa facing almost exactly opposite from the television screen . as if whatever camera was used to film this room was perfectly opposite from the sofa . next to the sofa on my left and thus presumably the right of the sofa in reality was an armchair angled to face the same direction as the sofa . there was clearly a lamp in the room as i could make out the silhouette of a somewhere in the background yet it was completely switched off . this particular point t have unnerved me so much had the sitting room been vacant . but it t . sat on the sofa were three perfectly poised and equally spaced apart sat with their together and on their lap . they to be two and a man from what i could make out . as in the room was almost completely pitch black so i could only go off from their . in the armchair in the same position albeit angled slightly was what to be the silhouette of a man . they did not move once just staring at whatever camera was them at this moment . and it felt as though they were staring through the screen . even through my beer i knew what i was seeing was greatly and so i quickly my remote and turned the off . that s when i decided to lock up and get some . well attempt to at least . i up pretty quickly after that . laying awake in my bed with the image of the perfectly still people in a near pitch black room was on my mind . i to find out if anyone had experienced anything similar . but it was the same rubbish as always . i never there were so many spooky about lost but those all just so far fetched to me . like an episode of where suicide ? let s get real here . that s the thing that me out the most though . that no one else had seen anything . that there were literally no other of people anything weird at the end of the . the more i it up the more i to chalk up the experience as some up drunken hallucination . eventually i fell asleep . i told my friend at work about the weird hallucination i had the room set up and the freakishly still people sat in darkness . note at this point i reduced my experience to a hallucination or dream of . due to recent i no longer think it is a dream . correction i know it s real . he and he come round to mine after work on to catch a glimpse of the so hidden film . i felt by that idea so i agreed pretty . the idea that someone else would be present to confirm my as simply some up drunken dream pretty good to me . so when rolled around two ago and i set up camp in my sitting room . a few a lamb a chicken and some my anticipation . finally came on . this episode was particularly funny some pretty outlandish from some of the concerning current politics . rightly so to be fair to them . and then the to roll . i to feel nervous and i up . shot me an amused glance . he t taking this seriously . i mean who would ? if the were reversed and had told me of some crazy thing he saw on his after no less i would in his face . but as the theme song grew closer to its finish and the last of the up the screen i felt ice cold dread wash over me . suddenly everything i had come to believe and justify about my experience immediately worthless . it was real . and i knew it was real . and then the last thing i to see up on the screen . a pitch black sitting room . to say the least to find to express himself . he barely out an oh ? you t ! ? before we both in horror at the screen . the room to light up . a soft orange glow illuminated the of the sitting room which were covered in yellowish mould and floral wallpaper . the lamp behind the sofa was old in and the warm glow . the sofa was and tattered red leather with the out and the armchair was in a similar condition albeit with a striped beige and brown pattern it . but most disturbingly was the appearance of the of the sitting room . i was correct before about the of the people in the sitting room that is if they are people . they to be a family of four a father figure who sat on the armchair and then two or young sat either side of the mother figure . the older man who i assumed to be the father was grotesque . he was clad in a pink business shirt which burst at the buttons to reveal pink hairy stomach flesh . he wore brown corduroy trousers that were in various yellow white and red . his face was bloated large pink pasty pale skin . he was almost bald save for a greasy black that to preserve whatever youth the man had left . the young woman or girl was slim . would been attractive in my opinion if numerous other t present . her long deep brown hair was and frizzy with . her skin was pasty with no pink unlike her father . she wore a white blouse with a floral red and white skirt that just past her . the mother of the family was a caricature of . the typical nuclear family house wife trying to stay young . she had bleached yellow hair stiffly stuck into unnatural on top of her head . she wore a pink sheath dress with a collar and pearl necklace around her slim neck . her face was powdered heavily even we could see it through the screen and she wore bright red lipstick that was smudged around the of her . finally the son who to be the member of the family wore a white shirt with suspenders that attached to brown corduroy trousers . around his collar was a red and his black hair was flat onto his head with a middle . despite the odd set up that t even the part . every single member of the family had bright wide onto their their teeth so unnaturally straight and uniform that it . and their teeth were far too large to fit into their . their were wide open open by specula so they could not blink . their felt demonic as if they t human . something about them t seem real . they had dark and the whites of their were bloodshot . they had deep red and brown circling their and their were sore and red . their were unwavering staring straight at the . it felt as if they were staring straight at us . s awoke me from my trance as he at me to turn the television off quickly . i leapt up and around for the remote before the best thing to do would be to turn the off completely . as i for the off button i took one last glance at the screen and their had me . and i just sat in awe for a few breathing heavily . spoke first coming up with some excuse to explain why he to go home suddenly . i let him go without any knowing that if it were me in his i d want out of a house with a live television feed from some . we said our hurriedly and i locked up to go to bed . i was too in this now . what the hell was that family doing . why were they being forced to watch something well whatever was on the other side of the camera . what were they ? they certainly t look very human . the more i thought about it the more it me out . why were they smiling ? then last came around . i t been into work for the whole week . lied and said i had the flu . worked like a charm . i kept trying to research what i was seeing on television . hostage family . hostage family from the s . . happy family in sitting room watching . watching me through my screen . of course nothing came up apart from some written and hoax . nothing that explain what i was looking at every time finished rolling its . the clock turned pm and once again the to play . it was lighthearted and entertaining as usual and even took my mind off the image of the family that was in my mind . that was until the to roll . the theme song finished and once again i was transported to the dimly lit sitting room . the family were leaning forwards now as if trying to get closer to whatever it was they were looking at . their were more sinister and i notice red liquid dripping from their teeth . they ravenous . and that s when i it . a little red blinking light on the top of my television . so slight i t have it if i t paying so much attention to my screen . i out of my seat and rushed over to the light clasping both over it . in that moment i feared the worst . the worst part was my were confirmed . from my television came a raspy whispering voice . the voice of something that rarely spoke . i love this part . this is when they we can see them . almost at the i at the plug the damn thing out of its socket . the little red light eventually stopped flashing . all weekend i was locked away in my bedroom . i keep hearing on my front door . i don t want to look outside and check who it is . i m . i will not leave my room . and i will not watch another episode of . you see the thing about that it so entertaining for most of us is due to some weird nature have . we like to watch people do the we do on see them in the comfort of their own . we like to peer into their and listen to their . if you think about it it s up . however i fear that as the predator becomes prey and the becomes i the viewer of these on my television screen every night have become the subject of a more disturbing piece of entertainment . one which i fear a more disturbing end result than a few from its audience . because you hurt yourself dad through teeth . at thirteen old you can t yet understand the soft and unspoken of what it to go too far . and both with you by the time they were my age your met certain that s not a good enough reason to be unfair to me and you re not good enough to hunt with me ! dad s voice came sharp and angry . i could tell that he to take it back as soon as he d said it . i for him to say that he was sorry that he each of us equally because in a fair world no father one son over another . each second that ticked by rent my adolescent mind a little further . of course dad had no matter how much he it . of course i was the least favorite even if he did love me . of course i was the disappointment . with the finally broken i suddenly that i could access that had been me . fine . i m not as good as them . my voice was flat completely empty of the normal fiery passion by a justice . just tell me dad . when can i start training to hunt with you ? when can i tattoo my arm with a symbol of my first kill ? i realize it s going to be later than everyone else but it to happen eventually right ? he was quiet for a long time . you re talented academically mangel he with a softness that landed much harder than yelling ever could . be grateful for that . i reading but at math which to a c student on my best day . i knew that my father me but it t until that moment that i learned what he truly thought of me . we combat that we believe can be then learn to live with brokenness where healing impossible . growing up is how we describe breaking the fragile exterior shell of an world where good and evil are balanced . i fought with my father less so he to me less . i would still marvel with admiration when he returned with my from a successful hunt . but when the in our gathering their work i no longer the subsequent swelling of pride that i once did after all i had nothing to do with the family s success . they were good . that was their business . and that s how i knew that something very bad had . our combine a thousand before our rational can put reason to feeling . i came home from school that day to feel a draft upon opening the door that told me something s wrong at home . a wise would know when to turn away and seek backup . but it had long been established that i a s wisdom and had no one to back me up so i went into my home . more up immediately . a chair in the dining room lay on its back . several hung lazily open sending a cross breeze through the entire house . every in our bookcase had been turned upside down . i should have turned back . i t turn back . instead i went to the closet . dad was unaware that i knew was the combination to every lock he had . i him but had early on that it would be better if he t know when i discovered anything he t choose to tell me . i something into my waistband before searching the living room and going into each bedroom . s window was broken . s were torn . and there was blood on the floor of my father s room . not much but what quantity of blood on the floor is a safe amount ? my grew heavy and hot as the world sped up and down at the same time . something had gone very very wrong . risk being every day . we knew this . it s why i was growing up with no mother . i down the . the danger had been in my house . it was more than my father and could handle . they know where we live . i understood that i had to leave . i dreamlike to the front door . i it and found a strange man into my home . his skin was ivory white which with his jet black hair and pink . hello mangel . i t think we d have to worry about you . he stepped inside my house . i stepped back and he closed the door behind us . you came for my father and when i t here i whispered trying and failing to hide how much i was shaking . i read about you in my father s . you re and he s been hunting you for . his at me . you could have run away before coming inside and we d never have you he heavily to push forward . you t have to be in this fight . we t need you . but you seen too much now . i to say something confident but my voice cracked in that pubescent way that the adult intonation and childlike sound at the same time . then i into my waistband and out the long thin wooden stake that i d taken from my father s closet . my hand s slight tremor the tip to shake wildly . close enough for me to feel his breath licking my face like a cat s tongue . he his mouth and two long thin grew like icy extending longer longer longer as he at me with a level of hate that i had not yet grown to understand . i pointed the stake meekly towards him . my hand away with feline speed knocking the stake out of my hand and sending it flying into the next room . with his other hand he my collar and me off my . then he flew forward like a bullet lifting me off the ground and sending us both flying into the corner . i hard against the wall gasping for the breath that he had out of me . my throat . long pointed into my soft flesh not quite enough to stop my breathing but more than sufficient to ensure that i knew he was in his control . powerful people are always weak to the threat of feeling that they re not the one in power . it s too late to walk away mangel he . so i can do one of three . i could take you where we re holding your father and but i fail to see the value we or anyone would find in you as a hostage . he his head closer . the second is that i could turn you . you would not die but your new life would be in opposition to everything sacred you once as a s son . you would have to turn on all other to survive . he closer still his voice dropping to an animalistic level . the third is that i devour you now and put an end to your misery . his chest was very close to mine . i in response . can t hear you boy he moving his entire body next to me . i said i could run away i as much as the on my throat would allow . but i knew you d come after me so i scattered these around the house the cabinet in this corner . he down in unadulterated shock at the wooden stake that now extended from my hand and into his bleeding chest . i more freely as he his grip on my neck . i knew you d knock the first stake from my hand . i only it so that you d lower your guard against me . his hand slipped limply away . if you d done your research you d know that people underestimate me . i into his and nothing back . i relaxed . then he lunged . his arms fought against mine and i knew that i was weak but now he was weak too and i faintly that i just might hold him off . then snapped his teeth long angry pincers that and just in front of my face and i to free my and press against his forehead and i could feel his tongue lapping against me and inch half an inch away but he was dying and therefore almost equally my strength so i knew it would come down to which of us it more . and i knew i would win . i him two three four away from me and he gave up . the last thing ever saw was the relieved look on the face of a thirteen year old boy that he d . he fell on the ground an empty husk . i to cry but t . you made a couple of i trying desperately to catch my breath . the first is that you t weigh every detail before this family . we re taught that as little . you d make a . my breath was slowly coming back under control . the second is that you told me my family t dead . i plucked the bloody stake from his chest . which this is just getting . i headed to my father s now unlocked closet for . like it s time for my first hunt next part woke up the morning after my discovery of the with them crawling all over me . i that they were a little younger than old . they were strong and independent pouncing on my chest with their sizzling to wake me up . they were well after . it made it harder to believe that their mother had just abandoned them . i thought i knew the block . my entrance had been dramatic enough to introduce me to what i thought were the majority of strange on in the place . i the with a naive confidence that the building t be able to surprise me . i thought i was prepared for anything . the of the night before had that confidence . i knew that the building had sealed off floor after the fire but i never considered the possibility of other hidden or . every other floor from the ground up was for and there were no leading . i t set foot inside the lift since had taken me in there and i t remember an or button from when he had . i had never known the to reproduce either . by they re all and if they had been working the place would be overrun with . the cute little on my sofa t have . was growling still making low and disturbing . luckily the screaming had stopped . i nervously unlocked the wardrobe and a bowl of cat food in there as quickly as i could before locking it again . the wounds in my chest as i at him and let go of the bowl . had and bitten a handful of times but usually by mistake and he had never hurt me badly . it s only made doing something about him much harder . his attack the day before had been different though intentional and as i his food in that morning he hard at my finger drawing blood . i with relief as i the padlock and as i to him slurp and crunch on his food . i the from his attack up the wardrobe door and the spare chair back over the gap to make sure the door was shut and keep the safe . walking back to the kitchen to make tea i the vine in the cup of water on my fold out table . it had grown . way more than any plant should in a matter of . it had out of the cup and down the table large healthy looking leaves . i had no idea what it meant if it meant anything at all . if it had come from a room with no sunlight then like the it t have . s in my mind . if you look hard enough you will find a way . maybe the friend i had been supposed to help was the mother . what if she was stuck in the basement and i just to find a way in ? i t have time to think too deeply about it . had run my the day before but i t expect her to do it daily . and t need anything until the weekend now but prentice would struggle without my help . i had to carry on . so i got dressed a bowl of water down for the them i d bring back proper food and made my way down the hall to flat . i and stood back to give him time to answer . morning prentice . i tried my best to smile and be chirpy the whirlwind of i had to the back of my mind . morning kat . i m sorry to hear about told me yesterday . she was one of the serving here you know along with myself and molly . a terrible loss . he hung his head as he his walking stick . she was a great person . i m sorry i t get to know her for longer . i feeling the fake smile i d across my face collapse . she me out of a few had an extraordinary gift . never once gave bad advice that i know of . she was a great drinking buddy too back in the day . prentice at his but truly by the situation . it was the most i d ever him speak in one go and his mention of how long they d lived here made me think . prentice do you know if this place a basement ? i . he my question for a while . well . . . i never seen one . but that s not to say it t exist . he a little i could see he had the despair in my and his smile was comforting . i to find the to respond so he the subject . could you drop some money to my friend at the pub today please ? and grab me a newspaper and a bottle of whiskey if you don t mind . he threw two of cash onto the corridor floor between us and i told him i d be back soon and set off . as i the main i turned to look at the garden and considered searching for the grate again then and there but decided i would wait . it was torturous . instead i thought of as i made my way through the park taking in the breeze and the bird song . the gnome prentice s drinking spot sad and empty with a sign in the window closed due to the virus . i the envelope through a in the large red door and to walk away through the window a lone woman sat at the bar in a dressing gown nursing a cup of tea . as i carried on towards the shop i a voice behind me . hey ! ! ! i turned to see the woman standing at the door of the pub waving her arms . a large fluffy cat rubbed himself up against her . i turned and waved back . please tell him thanks ! i really appreciate it on me when this is over ! you should come too ! she beaming at me . i tell him ! stay safe ! i back as she the cat back in and closed the door again . maybe i would have a drink with prentice when this was all over i him with a shot of whisky telling of the block and . it was a nice thought . i further than the usual shop . to one i knew would sell kitten food . i the whiskey paper and a ready meal although he never prentice never turned down food and i to think of him hungry . when i the block again i to pass the garden a second time but made my way up the and towards the flat passing the man on floor . hi . i waved at him . no response . better take that one off the list . i the woman from the gnome s message and the onto prentice and rushed home to feed the . as i the three tiny bowls i d down i decided i should name them . i t keep calling them . they and and they were about the only reason i could think of to smile . as they happily lapped up their food i could hear growling in the background scratching at the door . he must have smelled the kitten meat . i until they d finished every last bite and washed up the bowls immediately to reduce any risk of him trying to pound his way out of the cupboard . then i left the flat to finally search for the basement . i tried the bottom of the . the entire lower floor for a new or a door but there was nothing . i tried the garden too the same spot from the night before in the was just plain concrete no grate to be seen and no vine growing upwards to match the monster in my kitchen . there was no grate the entire perimeter of the building . my heart sunk with a difficult . there was only one place that i t . standing in front of the lift was daunting . i and how it was the last thing she had at . i if i would ever know her . i before any of this walking in obliviously on his way to another shift at work smiling stupidly at the novelty of us our own home . my body shook and my weak but i to force them forward and step inside . staring at the buttons inside the lift took me back to standing with how safe i had felt to now . him around felt like my own private guardian angel me every step of the way . his absence left a painful void . it made that tiny metal box feel enormous . i once again for button but t find it despite nothing looking out of place . it was oddly comforting . . unlike the past few days had been . the floor i could find was g the one i was currently standing on but i knew the lift was able to play . i could never be truly sure . not without . i at it for what must have been at least looking as hard as i could just like had advised but it turned up nothing . i was grateful to get out of the lift but that it t made anything clearer . i at it for a while it s rickety construction and dilapidated feel made my heart pound . i t look at it without blood and lining the floor . you . i cursed underneath my breath as i up the towards my flat . why did you have to go ? her cryptic intuition had done nothing but raise and she t there to answer any of them . my life was starting to feel like some sort of cruel joke . the devoid of average human life was eerie and just added to my sense of solitude . i d a huge trauma to even stand in that lift yet all my searching had taught me was that the man on floor t eric or . i the flat and paced around it for a while being careful not to step on the of my three who to really enjoy around my . prentice was right . just because i t been somewhere and t see it t mean that it t exist . i d taken the building for and gotten too comfortable . had once the place as a living organism and now i truly felt that it was taunting me and my ill confidence . i had to admit to myself that really in all honesty i knew nothing about it . s had become like a background symphony to my life i m ashamed to say i was able to almost entirely block them out . i t ignore the vine though . it had wrapped itself around the table leg and most of the kitchen floor growing towards the balcony and desperately for the light . i t sure what to do with it . if i returned it to the garden i might never see the grate again the vine was the only proof to myself i had that it had been there in the first place . i tried to trim part off to take to the garden and compare with the other there knowing that it would be an entirely futile but as i down with scissors they snapped in my hand . the vine was rock solid . it was much than it had been when i d my foot free perhaps the sunlight had done something to it . i tried my best to bunch it into one corner but soon gave up slightly that it might suffocate me in my sleep . was asleep on the sofa while the other two gently with each other . i sat down and tickled them a little feeling my start to go numb from the heat . i tried to think of other to my than continually searching a concrete wall . i knew it t going to turn up a basement . . . or tell me why into the lift . . . or help me kill or cure . unfortunately i m from a generation thats solution to every issue is so that s all i could come up with and i loaded up my . i tried to search for original of the block to see if there was some kind of floor plan or architect that could confirm the presence of a basement but it turned out the place is too old for those to be . the block was built in at the very start of the new high rise trend . there was limited information on the place other than a few from around the time it was built and . i cursed the to be shut in this pandemic . according to the it was a turbulent project from start to finish and was overseen by an architect and property development who designed and for the building himself . there were that he was notoriously difficult to work with and that three construction out of the project . the next headline i came across me . cursed project finally owner found in unoccupied high rise . there was little information on the suicide other than that it . if the building had been how it is today i can imagine that being alone in the place with no information or even confirmation that what you were seeing was real could drive anyone mad . none of the even had the name of the architect leaving me at a dead end . it took a few and more obscure city history than i knew before i found anything else that my interest . heir to tragic high rise fortune suspected of killing his own son . the article was too blurred to read it was a poorly taken photograph of a newspaper from the late . this took away my chance yet again to find a name for the architect or even the son . i thought about what bad luck the family had . to be able to design and build something like that in those days meant you must have incredible wealth . but no amount of money could save them from tragedy especially not somewhere like here . i tried to adapt my search instead entering a rabbit hole of in the late . as i the page i damned human nature there were so many of evil detailed in the . i even learned about ruth the last woman to be executed in the in . eventually i found an entry that up . his name was and he was the eldest of two . when his revered architect father he took over management of the tower block that him and his brother had become the very first of . he was hugely successful and pegged to become one of the biggest in property development in the . the once empty block was mostly full by the time the killing . police were by a resident living directly below who that blood was dripping onto their balcony from above . when police was nowhere to be found but the body of his year old son was starting to decompose in the sun on his balcony . he had been multiple times . was never found or and the case unsolved however most were in agreement that he did it . a bloodied kitchen knife belonging to just inside the to the balcony all but confirmed it . it was interesting but i t sure it was helpful . i to worry that my research had gone in completely the wrong direction . i t sure how or the death of his son could help me and i was about ready to shut my and give up . then i felt something slither across my shoulder from behind . the vine had grown exponentially weaving a route from the kitchen to the sofa . i to panic as it touched my skin but it t wrap itself around me or try to cause any harm just gently across my shoulder and to the computer . it the name of the on the header of the page a few times before falling to the ground only a slight overhang left on the sofa . it t want me to stop . there was no more information on so i sent a direct to the owner for anything on the killing that they had or of anyone they could direct me to . i it was for a university project . i stopped and watched the for a while the all on my lap . i was grateful for my blanket just enough barrier to stop me melting . raspy came from the bedroom . i decided to spend another night on the sofa it felt much . i to drift off a little and went to shut the but a loud ping from my box woke me . ran up my spine a little as i the message . hey kat thanks for your . unfortunately that particular case is very little known and t have a lot of information out there at all . as you can appreciate cold can be difficult to catalogue but i aim to provide the most comprehensive case possible . the only thing i have on this case that t on the is a photograph of and his unnamed brother outside the high rise . i was new to at the time i wrote that entry and t sure how to insert your message me to go back and include this one ! i attached here in case it s of any use to you . i would recommend out similar case that may fit your project please don t hesitate to get in touch if you have any . thank you for reading . in the capital i felt the frustration bubbling up . no further information . another dead end . i up the attachment to take a look at the mysterious . i was resigned that it would be of no use at all . then the picture loaded . two men handsome and maybe in their mid late standing outside the main of the largely unchanged block . they were similar looking with a strong family resemblance but very different . one was dressed in a sharp looking suit and stood with a posture . he had a serious facial expression and pointy . the other was against the wall a smile on his face and familiar kind looking . this man wore a casual outfit that you might expect to see on a of that era . atop his head was the clue that i had been looking for in the form of a flat cap . standing there next to was my lost friend . the next two ago i went on summer vacation with my dad and my two to a pretty big and popular island " " . it was my first vacation so i was pretty excited . my ' t come with us because she had some medical and to stay home . so as i was saying i was pretty excited about the vacation and it was the first time after a while i had a reason to smile . when we we ' t waste any time we went everywhere and we it . but there was one building that just caught my eye it was a quite old but large building surrounded by and it was pretty far from the city we saw it every time we were going to the beach and i remember one time i my dad about it and he told me that it ' s an old abandoned house that it is known for its creepy he also told me that all the people who bought it the first night they spent in there they left because strange kept happening . now i ' t know if i that it like a story that you tell to your to scare them i had that thought in my mind so i ' t think much of it . later that day when we were driving back home i something i a light up in the attic of the house but it ' t a light bulb light it like it came from a candle . i was staring at it for a while but thought to myself that it could just be a homeless person so we continued driving . the next few days we just stayed home to relax a bit but we had to go to the beach because it was so hot and we ' t handle it . that day went by nicely but i could not stop thinking about that house so we about it and thought to ourselves that we ' re drive past it anyway so why not get a better look at it right ? so we the car in the dirt and we saw the big metal gate that led to the house but there was a lock and everywhere it was so tall and so well fitted in the that there was no way to get in . after a couple of trying to find a way in we gave up and went to the car to go home as i the door i something it was a sound that we would all recognize it was the sound of falling i back to the gate just to see the gate wide open . we drove away as fast as we could and ' t look back until the the telling us that we took a wrong turn and to turn back . the problem is it was a straight road no turns or anything and the was set to lead us to our house but instead it us to go to the other house . i turned the off and uninstalled it from my phone we got a bit lost but after about we got back home . we watched a movie to take our off what just and before i knew it i fell asleep and woke up at am and everyone was sleeping . i that clock in the wall was stuck in again so i picked it up to fix it but i had a really weird feeling that feeling when you know someone or something is watching you and suddenly i a really loud bang inside the house like when you open a champagne and it up yeah that sound but then i the sound of something the ground i and and found a open pill bottle and the cup was on the floor but how did that little thing did so much noise and how did that happen ? after a few days we left the island and came back to to my home but since we left weird stuff happening . opening and by themselves moving and other small stuff will randomly fall . so help me what do you think is happening ? how the weekend and what next i never been much of a fighter . my dad tried to spar with me back when i was a but i have always thought that the brain can beat brawn . now as this bulky is approaching my car with a knife drawn i t say that he likely the same view on life so i did the only thing i knew to do and the engine threatening to mow him down with my explorer unless he the weapon . no need for violence mate he as he obliged the request and the knife aside . i and toward as she got to her shouting to the stranger just what the do you think you were doing then ? my . i was assuming that you might be your father and i the man said fumbling with his . he t making a lick of sense and it was clear t any of it . who are you ? i the . . known your father since the said as he rubbed the back of his head and listen we all have known that your father is a bit eccentric . when you said that he was no longer with us well i feared the worst . wait you told him dad had ? i out to my sister . whatever don t get mad about what i do with the information . dad said his gang could be . apparently he was wrong said as she herself . neither of you are listening to a damn word i m saying . are you ? i m saying your dad he would be dead soon and that frightened the hell out of me said . i still trying to wrap my head around all of this as i turned to the stranger . why would that bother you ? you two are just his . you t know a damn thing about how the luck did ya ? . somewhere behind the cabin the storm i had driven through was starting to rage again . i know you were a gang that thought you were the devil spawn back in the day . dad left that life behind ago though said . he always about coming back even after death . it was part of charter . we in creation of through various . black magic was in the of their way of life the whole time . that s why i got out ago . only reason i came here was to make sure cal t go through with his insane plan for resurrection . it s dark and forbidden magic that t be by any man ! the said . i could tell that he every word he said despite how strange it . and given what had told me about dad s will a few were starting to make sense . so you up early because you to be alone with our dad to kill him ? interrupted . rubbed the back of his neck regretfully and i never said it was a good plan . can you excuse my sister and i for just a spare moment i said smiling tensely and up the front . tell me more about dad s final . he everything to you the to hire tony . what else did he say ? i . shook her head and i was told to arrange for the luck to show up here and to speak with . he would know the next of the vigil to perform . i the back of my neck and toward as he paced the yard . i don t know about you but it to me like dad and his gang thought they were some sort of satanic cult . i said . it does match up with a few of the strange he made in his will admitted . what ? you mean like skinning his body ? i in shock . i thought it was just some odd request from an old man ! she admitted . at the base of the driveway we saw a few more approaching and ran up the to talk to us . but i need to act fast he said pushing past us into the cabin . and i were so by this revelation that we let him pass and watched as several more outside . you don t think any of this could be possible factually do you ? she nervously as the and toward us . you re me ? you re the one who following the ritual to the letter i whispered back as the first man me . you must be brad . your dad a lot about you son . name is he said shaking my hand roughly . i gave him a lopsided smile as ran out the door looking panicked . s face turned from friendly to dangerous in a split second . what are you doing here ? he . brad can i talk to you privately ? he said us inside . the other gang stood there looking a bit as we obliged him . what is it now ? i . i am truly sorry about this . but please help me to stop this madness from getting worse . where did you place the of your father s body ? he . what re you talking about ? they are right i stopped and about the cabin . the mannequin was not where it had been before we left . and dad s head was also missing . what the hell ? i . it s gone said in a fragile voice . she frightened . then behind us the burst into the cabin one of them aiming a weapon at . sorry for the but can ya please explain why this traitor is here ordered . my dad is dead i said the news would shock them . for a few it did but the actually . elated . so then we came to finish the ritual . amazing an older woman said in the back of the crowd . we don t know anything about that ! i just a peaceful vigil for my father ! . we need to get out of here . another him down to a couch . none of you will be going anywhere . we will finish this once and for all the way another man declared . i toward desperately for some solution . but she was too busy looking out the window . two of the gang were slashing the on her car and my own . what exactly is it you intend to do ? i whispered nervously . stepped over toward the den where we had skinned dad mere before and said to follow the ritual faithfully we will need a new host for your father s spirit . traditionally the to him are perfect . you you want to kill us ? in shock . the gave her a crazy grin . it s only temporary . . and i knew that our had just ten fold . so my brother recently had his second child . my first nephew . he and his wife are normal . he and i have always gotten along he was always more mischievous than i was though . we had never until his second child was born . his first child a girl had come out deformed . unfortunately a large birthmark and an issue in growth in the womb had meant that one side of her face was severely injured . she ' s at school . skeleton face . little miss one eye . melt face . the list of goes on . are disgustingly creative . this unfortunate occurrence with the first child meant that there were lots of for the second child . i personally t take the risk . the baby boy a few ago . he was almost immediately taken away by . he was not screaming or breathing so they had to take him away . i t see the child for about a month after that . when i did eventually meet him i told my brother something was wrong . we had an argument about it but eventually i rolled over and . i know you ' t insult another person ' s child but i can list the series of that were wrong with him . the child did not breathe . i don t know how he did it he t breathe but still to live . he was almost silent . despite being a month old he was crawling and beginning to people . he was silent when he . there was no shuffling noise or any typical baby cooing . he would just appear . i t hold the child . i t want to be anywhere near it . it just inhuman . over the following for the child got worse . due to some sort of bone degradement in the the child was no longer able to crawl on his and the in his would no longer bend at the . this of course made the child even more terrifying . a slithering silent sentient blob of human consciousness . nonetheless my brother and his wife still the child . i still did not . last night my phone rang . it and till i eventually woke up . i at my dimly lit alarm clock . it was am . i picked up the phone and . hey man i need you to come over right now and look after . is asleep and school tomorrow . my brother somewhere between drunk and shaken . i could hear that he had been crying . what ' s wrong ? are you ? i quickly . just come over . you were right . he hung up abruptly . i remember a feeling of anger coming over me initially . why the f k would he up on me ? who does he think he is demanding that i come over ? it hit me a moment later . i was right ? the child . i got in my car and down the long dark that lead up to my brother ' s house by the . it was a suburban area full of medium to large full of rich white people . i stopped my car right outside . i ran up to the front door leaving my in the car . i immediately ringing the doorbell . after no answer panic set in . what if my niece was hurt . what if my brother was dying ? i found a large stone on the patio outside and it through the front window into their lounge . i tied my jacket around my fist and out the rest of the glass so i could get in . i the house . of glass sticking out of my . the crunch of destruction beneath my . the corpse of my sister in law was out on the rug . the rug ' t supposed to be red . a purple froth out of her mouth and the of her . the skin on her face was peeling she as if her face had been dipped in boiling acid . i sobbing from behind me and saw my brother sitting in the fetal position . my nephew sat head against the wall staring at my brother . before i had a chance to say anything my nephew over to my brother . he him up and down for a moment before vomiting some sort of gas onto my brother ' s face . i stood and watched as his face and . he was trying to scream . his throat boiled too . peeled off as his body to thrust and jerk . the purple froth seeped from his . i at my nephew . he just sat there . the death of his father . his were black his like some sort of reptile . i could see something beneath his skin and thriving . almost like another black layer of flesh . i went back into the lounge . i picked up a hardback book off of the coffee table . i it round my nephew ' s head and he to the ground . i stood over him for a minute . i t tell if he was alive or not due to the lack of breathing he always had . there was no way in hell that i was bending down and for a pulse . i unlocked the front door and got a shovel . i scooped my nephew into one of my brother ' s old . i wheeled him down the . i god it was late so no one would see me wheeling it around the . i for about ten . i eventually the . i was right at the edge . the and shouting beneath me . i down into the wheelbarrow . i hoped that somehow he would be a normal baby boy . his skin was cracking and peeling making way for the new layer . his had become conjoined and slightly as the transformation continued . i tipped the whole wheelbarrow into the ocean . i over the edge of the cliff once more . i thought i saw two shiny looking up at me . they sank beneath the before i could examine properly . i stood for a minute . almost waiting for something to happen . i felt a small hand grab mine . my niece stood there . she up at me . her hood covered up the deformed side of her face . her baby blue eye pierced my soul . her bottom lip to tremble . thank you uncle she . can i stay with you now please ? . i wrapped my arms around her . maybe it s because this was my first solo flight but i was determined to do everything the right way like a seasoned traveler . so i silently myself when i t set off the metal detector . at the gate i in my seat until they my row number then only did i join the line to board . i had my boarding pass out in my hand before any attendant to verify it . my streak was broken when i my row and found someone already seated in my window seat . excuse me i think you re in my seat i him . oh that s fine said the man dressed in typical office attire before looking back at his tablet as though i were the one him . i need my seat back now . you have to move back to your own seat . i like this seat better . you can have the middle seat . no i specifically reserved this seat when booking i said about to abandon civility . our exchange had the attention of a stewardess who tried to defuse the situation . sir why don t you come with me i see if i can find another window seat for you she told the squatter . he had a smug smile as he left with her . ugh some people . at least now i have an empty seat beside me . trying to get back into my groove i took out the airplane s safety card to memorize the because each aircraft is different . now this t my first aerial rodeo so i knew what the card should look like . but besides the usual simple this card had an extra page of text . and they were these weird . don t drink the coffee . i get it . are finally coming clean about their water right ? . if you need to use the oxygen make sure it s a mask before you pull on it . and the image of the to have rubber dangling amongst the . don t change your assigned seat for any reason . there are no first class on this plane . . don t use the after anyone wearing a flight attendant uniform . . when are get a cup of tomato juice and keep it . at this point the aircraft s were closed and we back from the terminal . the problem with these modern sprawling was that we still easily had thirty of and waiting before even without any . it s even and for in the flight times . at least now we can use electronic before and throughout the flight . they the safety video and i stopped reading the to watch . one of the in the video stood out and i him as my seat s swiper . so he s a small time actor no wonder he was such a diva . put some people in front of a camera once and it all goes to their head . but did he have to wear the exact same clothes today as in the video ? maybe he to be sure people him ? and he t even a good actor i thought people in were supposed to look relaxed and comfortable but he only confused and kept trying to get out of his seat but t even undo the like a bad . this safety video to have a different style from the usual cheery upbeat negative to show what not to do . my almost in different getting into worse and worse shape as subsequent him . first the trolley ran over his foot then the stewardess food on him . when the tray table he to get his stuck in the mechanism and before he could free himself the seat in front with a loud crunch . during the oxygen mask demonstration a bunch of fell out and together with the just like the picture in the safety card . but there was something odd about the . they just like real with and only . . . the swayed for a while then their to roll and unroll like those you blow at . our victim tried to sink down in his seat away from them but the hand to him out and itself over his nose and mouth . its around his head to secure itself . in the last scene about crash the now unconscious passenger finally free of his was violently thrown about the cabin . i hope they used a dummy for that one . was this flight a prank ? i around but nobody gave any indication of anything out of the ordinary . the other were doing the usual sleeping reading on their anything but watching the safety video . anyway i finished up reading the . if you find any body part in the gap between from the row behind you do not acknowledge it . you can imagine it s if it you feel better . . if you find yourself awake when everyone else is asleep pretend to be sleeping too . keep your tomato juice near so that you can smell it . do not wake up or open your for whatever reason such as anyone you re in the wrong seat or that you have at your destination . only resume normal activity once the tomato juice smelling like tomato juice again . . don t tell anyone about these . after reading the last rule i suddenly more aware of my surroundings as though people were reading over my shoulder . i surreptitiously around to see if anyone was watching me and someone across on the other side of the cabin seated a bit further back talking to a flight attendant while holding and pointing to a safety card that also a page of text like mine . the stewardess took it away with a different irregularly shaped card that to be missing its . from that far away i could only make out that this card t have but instead a brown and grey speckled pattern on its cover . when the passenger took hold of it it rapidly and closed by itself and from one end of its spine . i blinked a few times and he was holding a gigantic moth by one wing and its body reading the wing like the safety card . the other wing beat furiously stirring scales like dust into the air but nobody to notice . my view got blocked by the other and turning my head to watch was making my neck sore so i had to take a break . by now the plane was about to take off and i had to pay my full attention . although statistics show that seem to occur during and climbing to the rest of the flight if you consider how less time is spent on these initial phases the risk is actually greater . fortunately this was uneventful and when the sign was switched off i got up to use the washroom before they the meal and the were blocked by the . while waiting the person ahead of me in line caught my attention because of his weird . or rather lack of like he was in a trance . people naturally continuously make small fidgeting their balance looking around but this passenger s only were to step forward when the line . in between taking you d think he was one of those statue . with my attention on him i he familiar then i figured it out he was the one who got a replacement safety moth which was nowhere to be seen . eventually he into a washroom . there were these and by tearing . after a while the door and a stewardess instead . did i miss something ? where did she come from ? she closed the door behind her and immediately locked it a hidden latch on the wall but in the intermission when the door was open i saw him still inside naked . oh so that s what went down in there . but as i more of the scene more than . he worse than before . he still t moving but he was rigidly against the toilet instead of sitting on it . his skin was dried out and stiff and crumpled like a paper statue . after she closed the door i back at the stewardess who the plume on her cap and out the odd hunch in the back of her blazer as she away . back at my seat it was obvious that t normal on this flight but so far the had the weirdness rather well . so when were i decided to follow their advice and ordered tomato juice but the stewardess said they had run out . i think she had a slight smirk while saying it too . i had to fall back to my staple apple juice with the . i was engrossed in a movie and my meal when i felt something touch my arm from behind through the gap in the . i almost turned around to look but the i just my arm away and kept an eye on what from the gap . when a baby ' s arm came out i was relieved but only for a while . until i saw that the wrist and ' t moving like a real arm would . the entire arm was fixed as one piece like one of those animal paw back . at least the appendage t have much flexibility so it was easy for me to keep out of its range and it soon . when the plane landed i thought this experience was over and i had the worst of it but no . as we along the narrow to leave the ahead of me were moving unusually fast leaving a gap ahead of me . i was and behind me when my luggage hit a seat . by the time i in front again they had already behind the curtain to the next section . i rushed to catch up and the curtain aside and . . the next section of cabin was empty . how could they have this section so fast ? hearing ahead from the next next section i crossed the empty cabin and another curtain aside . this section was full but something t right . people were sitting in their or stowing their luggage . getting ready for a new flight not leaving . there was also something familiar about the . i cautiously but confusedly continued walking down the aisle until i my seat the one i just left behind me . seated in it was me or my . my previous neighboring passenger the actor was back too . they at me and . i to panic and tried to run down the aisle . a stewardess in my way sir do you have difficulty finding your seat ? would you like me to find another seat for you ? i had had enough and dove for the emergency exit and it before anyone could stop me . fortunately the slide inflated so i t have to jump all the way to the ground . anyway i m in the airport now but i d rather be and maybe even be put on the no fly list than get stuck on that plane . here look back to normal but i m getting . it like some people around here have been with . . . r hwv i hunt reverse five point pentagram ? medium android source infiltration at night . all four of us hurried up the main road close to the . a quick peak in one of the revealed a cluster of half turned sleeping together . all up and glowing . they must all be inside the . this left the town with a very creepy ghost town feel . the villa sat on a hill a large brick gate surrounded it with pointed outward . the air before saying " i don ' t smell any on the . is too cocky to believe he is at risk of an attack . at this we a guard shack connected to the big wall by the main entrance gate . we atop it to set up his defensive position . as i handed up his grenade launcher i said " time for you to earn a cool new body part choir boy . " just at me with a mixture of boredom and annoyance . think from the office . the rest of us circled the parameter to the back to scale the wall . once i got over i had my first good view of the giant villa with its red roof white stucco lavish garden and multiple . was really living in style while the rest of the village slept in shanty . i was with a full auto with a suppressor attached . slung over my back was a heavy aa auto shotgun with drum mag just in case off . was with a silenced mp with two serrated crossed on his back . with his he could chop off with ease . was our support with a one shot " blooper " grenade launcher and of on her . " ' s witch will probably have the house warded " spoke in a tone as we around him . " it would require too much power to cover the whole property with a warding spell . so i think we are safe for now . " he turned to " you stay out here and jam her spell . if we have to make a fast ex you hammer the building with everything you got . " and setting up for her spell by of and unfolding a board with written upon it . we gave her about three before she chanting softly . she waved us away to carry on with our mission . put on his ghoulish mask . as we around the pool we came up to a locked glass door . the lock on the door and the glass door slid open about six . had an unlocking spell while the witch ' s warding spell . she ' s a genius . in we snuck like . the house was dark but a low rumble of music was coming from the floor above us . we made our way past two giant pool tables to locate a side stairway . it was a skinny set of steep with white it on either side . we descending and loud talking . a tall man with face turned the corner at the bottom of the while talking on his phone . unfortunately he turned right into . him quickly by the top of his bullet proof vest and stuck the mp to the center of the thug ' s head . it was only an instant the man ' t even have time to scream as three sharp from the weapon his face . the phone to the ground with the tinkle of while just him out like smelly garbage . his foot down on the phone and around the corner to lie the dead man down in the . it was all so fast and emotionless . a shiver ran down my spine at the thought of when he was under the control of his cruel master . " we go up " he said when he came back around the corner . " don ' t dwell on it . i need you on my six for this . " i him up to the well lit second floor . there was a common room bigger than my house back in . it had and multiple loud music . at the opposite wall was a long hallway with on either side . for me to take position behind a couch . he fished around through a pile of on a before finding the one he . he cranked up the volume on the to an unbearable level . soon after we yelling between two men down the hallway . probably about who was going to turn the volume down . whoever lost the argument down the hallway under his breath . he over the to search through all the . out from behind a and fired one muffled shot into the back of the man ' s head . the man down on the very dead . then turned down the volume on the . " ! " came a call from a room on the right side of the hallway . i was amazed on how efficient was . now we knew where our next hostile was . i down the hallway . he cut off into the room to let out three quick of his weapon only back into the hallway a second later . we up on either side of the doorway at the end of the hallway . this had to be the master bedroom . was surely inside . a grenade from one of his many . it was a special grenade a magical blackout grenade . instead of a brilliant flash of light it let out a cloud of impenetrable darkness . all noise within the cloud was . this in turn would light up a like a tree but they ' t see anything from within it . the pin but the lever secure . he at me with his wide eyed mask and whispered " we kill everything in the room . i can ' t have you hesitate . " i back and he the door open and in the blackout grenade . of course it made no sound so we a second before entering . in the middle of the giant master bedroom was the dark cloud of magic consuming a ten foot radius in front the bed . we the room for anyone else but saw nobody so we our back on the black fog . there ' t a glowing in the fog but the carpet on the floor was moving back and forth like someone was shuffling their inside it . the black fog should last around thirty . we both for it to clear up or someone to come rushing out at us . my finger was steady on the trigger . about fifteen in and the impossible . a laughter from the dark mass . laughing each other . the black fog away and dispersed to reveal three together . the three elderly had similar coarse black hair and beady . they all were wearing flowing with multiple and . all three were slightly over and grinning at us . these were our . not one but three of them ! " tell the girl outside she can stop trying to out magic us " the middle one . " we of this attack on his life by the ' s attack dogs ! " the right on in a shrill voice . " you will tell me where he is ! " . all three of the laughing harder . " don ' t try to charm us you bastard ! " the left one said . " i ' tell you where his is . he is in his bunker under the house ! " " why would you tell us this ? " i . i was getting a terrible feeling in my stomach about all of it . " because you will die in this town regardless " one said while giggling . " we knew would send when we their . it was easy to focus the all seeing eye on your to predict your next move . it is foretold you will fail in your assassination attempt ! " at this moment we screaming and banging from down it was a tumultuous uproar . we later found out was not just feeding on his human but turning more of them to store in his bunker . turned to point his weapon down the hallway to the where noise was coming from . it was a good thirty away from us . " kill the three of them ! " i my pistol at the trio and tried to get a bead on the middle witch ' s face . my head was pierced with a sharp pain . it was like staring into a spotlight when you ' re a migraine . no matter how hard i tried my pistol kept to the side or up too high over them . they relentlessly as they to the side wall of the room . i could only keep track of them out of the peripheral of my vision due to the blinding pain of looking at them . they knock on a part of the wall to reveal one of those damn hidden door . you know . the kind that spin around . they slipped away and i a metallic clank of a locking mechanism locking it shut . i cursed aloud . " i got movement in the town " ' s voice crackled over our . " i ' m guessing haven ' t gone as ? " " no far from it . " . " prepare for incoming ! get ready to lay down fire when you see us ! " into his mike . the first of the half turned the top of the a and bloody male child . i ' t pull the trigger when i saw him . there was still hope for him if we right ? i was so distraught i ' t see the grenade in his hand . the child was halfway to us when a red burst his head backwards and he crumpled to the ground . that ' s when the grenade went off showing the hallway with blood rubble and smoke . my were still ringing when me and his mask so i could see his . " i will compel you if you do not fight ! " " y yeah ! " i said snapping out of my shock . we both turned back to the hallway to see three more rabid half turned tripping over themselves as they crested the . what like a man a woman and a young girl . all wore ill fitting flack and . ' s them but they continued to make ground on us . i until they were about five away before shooting from the hip with the auto loose with an automatic burst of breath . i have to say if it ' t so sad it would have been beautiful . the three exploded backwards into multiple burning . they had been so close i could feel my face and burn . the hallway was now decorated with of fire and burning body . another group of half turned were up at the top of the again . this time i could see they some sort of ballistic shield . half turned were but their master could give basic mental when nearby . shot the one carrying the shield in the foot and it over dropping the shield . the group as they back down the . the one shot in the foot the shield back with them . this bought us some time . slung his empty weapon and out both of his . and i knew it was best not to fire until they got close . we were going to be overrun . i thought of a stupid idea but it was less stupid than getting within melee range of the vicious horde . " target the room with four at the corner of the villa . make us a way out ! " i . there was a pause then " one sec . " " we dont have a sec ! " i said as the half turned formed a wicked line to shuffle down the hallway holding the shield in front of them . they were five deep with more and more gathering at the . when they got close enough out and the shield down with all his might . it enough for me to step forward and put the barrel of my weapon to the lead half turned chest . this with a deafening repeated from my aa turning the hallway into a tunnel of gore and fire the line of . my drum mag was empty i only had two eight round straight left . in front of me to challenge the new wave of . " stay away from the ! " came ' s warning right before the and half the wall exploded behind us . i on the shoulder and him towards the smoking hole . we both down from the second floor to the well kept beneath . was there waiting for us already smoke to cover our retreat . had a couple special by the at . the grenade would first shoot of a highly flammable liquid all over the area before as an incendiary grenade . this would blanket the area in fire like a fancy . a couple of those were at the ground below the hole we from catching the ground on fire and giving the half turned a fiery death at the bottom . fell in behind us as she smoke and fire . was running down the side of the villa to link up with at the front gate . when we him he was kneeling down on top of the guard shack firing small from his m . " they ' t rushing the gate . they are all taking cover in the like they are waiting for us ! " spoke with some confusion in his voice . " it ' s a trap ! they will be on us from behind if we stay here ! they mean to swarm us . we need to get back to the van ! " said up to with excitement and anger . already a flaming half turned came screaming towards us from behind . turned and its head off with a machete . we all turned back to . he his head with a silent plan . " so they mean to force us down the main road to ambush and overwhelm us " " i ' create a path through the of the . we can just cut in through the last building to get back on the main street . " " push through or die " i said to him . he actually a little at that . with that stood up and let out six measured from his grenade launcher to rumble in the distance like thunder . he back down at us and said " ! let ' s go ! " " get your blooper and blow a hole in the gate ! we don ' t have time to climb it ! " i said with authority . at me like i was an idiot . " or we could just hit the big red button to open it ! " she said as she pointed to a box with a big red button mounted to the guard shack wall . in a hot minute all four of us were racing down the hill towards the group of shanty . from up on the hill i could see ' s surgical line of destruction blowing and garbage to form a pretty clear path . it would be about a hundred through the back of the neighborhood before we got to the last house . as we through a blasted hole in the first hurricane fence we the half turned screaming all down the road . they must have caught on to our plan . looking behind me i saw the from the villa racing down the hill behind us with reckless abandon . by the time we got to the second back yard half turned though the and to intercept us . a and firing full auto from the hip into the as we past them . the sides of the exploded into rubble from the onslaught of . half turned were blown back through and as soon as they . but where one fell another glowing bastard took its place in the chase scuttling hungrily after us . we came to the last house and were going to cut a hard right into it get and get back on the main road back to our van . the van was about a quarter mile out from the town . we could make it if we the herd of chasing us . half turned were already inside the house probably caught on to our plan . was first in slashing fiercely at the unarmored dropping three of them . i came in second while and laid down suppressive fire from the back doorway . i the small house quickly as they foolishly came in close to attack me . my last few piled three burning in the front doorway a makeshift burning barrier . but that ' s when i saw it and my heart sank . outside in the road was our burning van . it was attached to a tow truck by a chain . glowing stood all around it . but i saw something even worse . " get down take cover ! " i to my team . they luckily ' t question me and low as tore through the house . human with automatic stood behind firing at us and shredding the front of the house . me behind him and as into him . when the barrage finally stopped we all laid prone me covering the front and covering the back . i ' t know how we were make it out of this dusty town . we were low on ammo and they could always send in of half turned as bullet . this was some real wild west standoff . we the clamor of excitement outside from the human . me and peaked over the to see what the fuss was about . the were pointing in the air at a black helicopter circling the town . the men confused and curious . " oh hell " . " what ? " i " new or ? " " i the clan " said in a low voice . " its the group . and we ' t supposed to be in their territory . " that ' s it for right now . just say the group dont play well with . part . . r hcymq i hunt reverse seven hundred in blood ? medium android source went digging through the soft loamy soil of the churchyard . his shovel rasped through the earth sifting it slowly to the side as he worked . he was thankful that the moon was overhead . without it he probably ' t have seen his in front of his face . he still ' t see his but that was more from the depth of the hole than anything . the church behind him was near idyllic white washed wood with a pointy steeple . a perfect country church for a perfect country town . he actually went to the church last with his they said he was moving here and might as well get into the rhythm of . the pastor glad to have them if a bit over eager at the start . still the shovel somewhat awkwardly after the man ' s handshake . his sermon was . . . fine had never been the most religious person . still though hearing about god walking around as a man was pretty neat . his ' t seem to agree with it mother her and father shaking his head every now and then . " can you imagine some into a shop waving around a pistol and trying to force people out because it was once his people ' s land ? " he father saying much to the amusement of mother . they went back and forth for a few like that knowing enough to keep his mouth shut when they were like that . they still made to go to church next . the hole was a bit now up to ' s waist . he decided to take a short break . the air was cool but sadly not cold enough to stop him from sweating . he around at the surrounding prairie . it would ' been nice to live here he thought . but needs must . he picked back up his shovel . god he was hungry . would ' for some goat like his made . she ' d spend the entire day seasoning it and it before it was eaten . it took some time but god was it good . his stomach . he shook his head and on digging . his shovel hit something . he down with his shovel a few more times trying not to drag the steel across the stone . this was hard enough without making his bleed . he got down on his trying to clear some of the earth away from what he uncovered then picked his shovel back up and dug out one of the sides of the hole to let more of the moon light in . it was a roof . he around some more and found a wooden trap door inset in its top . the shovel was thrown away and he braced himself and on the old chain tied to the door . it . there were wooden leading down . moving quickly he out of the hole and went to hide in the church like he was told by mother . thankfully the pastor never to lock the back door . something about the house of the lord being always open . he across the yellow grass as fast as he was able and wrenched open the . inside and closed the door as quietly as he could . and . the inside of the church as expectable as its outside . there were old oak a smell of old wood in the air and a few hymn by the lectern ready to be handed out . his breath not sure what he was waiting for . then outside he a faint rhythmic shuffling . he froze . the shuffling froze too . then something to scratch at the door . put his back to the door and . he ' t know who he to . the scratching eventually stopped . for another minute then the door a crack . outside he saw a white . . . thing scuttle away on four into the behind the churchyard . sighing he bent down to grab his shovel and made his way back to the hole . as filling the hole back in he was glad at least mother would be happy . i lived in a small town in where i my own house . the neighborhood i lived in was your typical suburban home association type place . the people were nice and the aesthetic of the area always gave me peaceful . the only complaint i would have is the numerous . one night it was especially bad and i even brought all my in the garage because it was possibly going to flood . i live alone so i t really have anything to do if the power went out . i spent about or so through then i decided to watch a movie on . i t even halfway into the movie when the worst the power went out . i said audibly . i never really used a breaker box before so i t know what i was doing if i tried . nonetheless i thought was worth a shot so i my phone and went to the garage . i soon as i stepped inside i turned on the phone s flashlight . i the breaker box and it to all the complicated . there t any so i just them randomly to see if anything . to my surprise i got the power on but it all shut down again after about five . i with the a couple more times to no luck . eventually i gave up and went back inside . my phone had barely any juice left in it and i to save it just in case of an emergency call . i sat down on the couch and out my window . . . . then it hit me . every other house that i could see had power to it . usually when a power outage almost all the in the area lose electricity . but this time it was just me . i it off after concluding that it was probably because everyone else knew how to use the breaker box . i tried to get some sleep but was constantly by the turmoil of the thunder so i just laid in the dark . an hour or so and i sat up to see that the water was at an unnatural level . luckily the are built uphill so there was a chance it t reach me . i out the window over looking the water . the shifting left me in a trance . something came over me . something was calling me . i the lock on my window and to open it . as i was doing so my on movement in the water . from my window i t tell what it was but i to see it . i slowly slid the window open and to crawl out . the quickly soaked my body as i stepped out on my yard . the more i drew closer to the water the clearer the thing . it was definitely living . i stepped further . it was looking at me . i nearly into the water until a raindrop fell into my eye . i blinked and then came to my . the thing was gone . i then hurried back through my window it and closed it . i had no for myself . whatever me to walk out into the yard t feel like me . i taking off my wet clothes to change into new when i got a call from my . it was my neighbor . i picked up . hello i said in a monotone voice . hey i was just on you because my said he saw you in your yard . i bit my lip in embarrassment . yeah sorry i just forgot something and went to get it . she had a short pause before she with an unbelieving well be careful i t want you to get struck by lightning or anything . i then we hung up . i was my shorts on when i got another call . this time from a random number . i ignore but was immediately met with a call from the same number again . i picked up and i was about to say hello when i a noise . water i flowing water . i t speak the whole situation felt . it as if the caller was underwater then occasionally rising above the water . when it was above water you could hear rain . there was no voice just . i then the caller the water i could tell because of the in the water which were eventually meant with the sloppy noise of a wet foot the ground . the continued for a couple of before they stopped . the whole time i had not or said anything . it was silent for a couple of . i suddenly had the feeling that i was being watched . i then a noise on the phone that i also simultaneously something hit my window . keep in mind i was in my living room facing away from the window . whatever was touching my window moving around making a squeaking noise that i also in the phone . i was frozen . i silently that whatever was at my window would just go away . i then the again this time i them outside my house too . they slowly made their way to the back of my house and then stopped . the second they did the phone hung up . this time i snapped to my . i frantically my recent and . with the most frightening voice i ever . i m calling the police ! i was confused wait what are you talking about . she then that was you outside of your house naked right ? as i sit here waiting for the to do their job my butt on the floor and my back against my bed i think about my husband and the night that we met . my bedroom is empty quiet and the silence my to be loud and vivid . i want to say that the night i met my current husband nick had been the best most important night of my life but i don t want to risk sounding corny . i want to avoid any . i tend to enjoy a novel or a romantic movie on the hallmark channel now and then but i try not to confuse those of with real life . people mostly like me invest in those of cheesy love because we wish that our would work out in the same way . i like to occasionally take a peek into fluffy fantasy at the ways i wish life actually was so that i could escape what life actually . . . is . deep down to be honest i wholeheartedly want my life to follow those same light and shiny . a soul mate found on eve . or a forbidden romance that into everlasting love . but it t and never will . my life never a romantic script . it never been a festive tale an organized series of whacky that maximize those cozy and heartfelt while also ending in the so happiness forever after . my life is real . and real life . real life . . . is trash . many before i met nick i had married a man roger . i was young and still a little wet behind the . i was naive to say the least . roger had taken it upon himself to introduce me to the cold reality that outside of fantasy . he did so with a mixture of callousness and indifference mainly by his or other solid to beat it into my body and my mind . he personally and brutally forced that jagged pill down my throat forcing me to swallow that bitter truth . looking back i can t say why i stayed with such a toxic human being . or why i consistently emotional physical and sometimes sexual abuse for as long as i had . maybe after my girlish were i figured that my marriage to roger was how life was supposed to be for me . my new cold reality had possibly me making it impossible for me to hope or wish for something better at least for a while . i did eventually escape that first marriage though . after another hospital stay and yet another miscarriage i to crawl away from it all beaten and broken no longer young and far from naive . however i could not deny the one lesson that roger had taught me even if it against all the and of an innocent girl . life especially mine would never be bound by fate or end in true happiness . thinking about my first marriage still my heart racing and my pulse pounding . i can almost hear my rapid aggressive off the of my empty bedroom . i take a deep breath and try to calm down but it t work . my i stay with the that are flowing rapidly through my brain . in time i came to with the loss of my innocence as i m sure every adult had to at some point . it was all part of growing up i guess . but it also left me detached and floating aimlessly for many untethered to anything real or meaningful . i t lost . but i also t found . i just simply . . . was . back in middle school i had a best friend . growing up she and i were inseparable two scrawny skinny glued together at our mutually . we were almost like two of a single person . during the summer between sixth and seventh s dad took a new job down south in north . without warning or a moment to cope with the change my best friend was gone . one evening my marriage to roger a few in my i found myself thinking about something that i had not done in a very long time . on a whim i for her on not really much for the effort . yet there she was happy and smiling and married to a military man . browsing through her it was easy to see that was satisfied with her life . . glowing in ways that part of me envied . i my life to fill me with the same amount of light illuminate me with the same amount of joy . in less than a week after i took off on a road trip to visit her . it was around a nine hour drive to get to where she lived on camp and even though i was bone tired by the time i made it to her house and her husband me into going out to the bar that night . it was karaoke something they both to go to every week . i t one to sing badly in front of an audience but a cold beer good after such a long trip . the bar was a quaint little dive and the s husband t all that bad . it was fun . we were there for less than an hour when s best friend nick up . he was stopping by after a work shift so that he could meet some girl that he had been off and on with the previous week . i instantly thought that nick was cute . i will admit . the first thing that i was his sexy bald head . i was never into bald but the lack of hair worked in his favor for some reason . he wore glasses and also to be slightly shy in a bashful sort of way . the girl whatever her name had been was loud and obnoxious . i did not like her at all . i an act of dominance and bought nick a beer instead of that he might eventually buy me one . the other girl what s her name t very happy about it because i had nick s attention away from her . it t long before i had up everything that i and to north to be with him . that single beer to start a conversation between nick and i that until this day . nick t a white knight sent to rescue the damsel in peril . and he is far from a perfect human being . he his anger and his depression like everyone else . the way that we met at that dive bar t like any bubbly glitter covered event out of a romance comedy . it was . . . real . our marriage been far from perfect full of and in the road . like i already said . i have given up on those girly long ago . nick t a hero . true . but that t matter t matter because there is one important aspect about him that always been obvious to me . nick was not is not and will never be . . . a roger . what i to feel to go against everything that i have been saying so far but i t help myself . i to dream again a little bit anyway . nick me or at least he came pretty damn close to it . he was exactly what i had been looking for without realizing that i had been looking for it . he t a fantasy . he t a dream . he was dirty and raw and . . . very . . . very . . . real . after we got married and while everything was going good i slipped up momentarily and to once again believe in happy . just for a short time my was looking like s page glowing and a life my world filled with that same bright light . but . . . of course . . . i would once again be that happy are . and that life . . . is trash . i hate this . all of this . i want to scream to hear my voice fill the empty bedroom . burn inside of me like a furnace causing me to feel hot and uncomfortable . my forehead is with frustration and a bead of sweat its way into my right eye . it only for a second or two long enough for me to wipe it away . nick and i desperately to start a family . we tried to become pregnant for nearly a year almost giving up at one point before we finally got a positive result . i was so so happy . and nick was over the moon . my light our light had become even than i had possible even in my younger innocent . until roger s lesson returned to me like a ghost from the past and i once again was forced to choke down that same jagged pill . the pregnancy was and our baby had a heart beat . i my baby s heart beating on the . strong . powerful . my little jack . my little man . but my little man t been able to make it to my uterus . instead he was stuck . trapped . the doctor told my husband and i that previous trauma and had scar tissue to form making it impossible for any fetus to make it beyond my . little jack would never live . nor would any other baby we try to create . with the insistence of my doctor they went in and removed everything inside of my body that fully made me a woman . that was about two ago . i am home from the hospital and mostly now at least physically . nick is away from me . in small ways at first . he is quiet when i am around and he irritable when i try to speak to him . he t comfort me or even touch me even when i am in pain . he works and is away from home more and more often . i have let him down . to be a father more than anything else and i can t give that to him no matter how much i want to . he will never be complete without it . our marriage will never be whole without it . there will always be something missing and there is nothing that i can do about it . one day probably any day now nick will leave me to find someone else to give him what i can t . today we had the biggest most knock down fight we ever had . the way that he spoke to me and me was just like roger except nick would never physically put his on me . he out the front door and i have no idea where he is or what he is doing . or if he will come back . i am once again free floating . nick t love me . and how can i blame him ? what else was i honestly ? happily ever after is for snow white or . not me . this morning before the big blow out i ended up driving down to the pharmacy and turning in my one and only pain medication refill . i t really felt like taking a trip downtown but a little voice came to me whispering in my ear like a tiny gnat . my pain level was getting better and better but there was always a chance of a flare up . best to be safe than sorry . the pill bottle is now empty and as hollow as i am inside . it is tiny but extremely heavy in my grasp . my sweating is becoming a monsoon nearly every inch of my skin is flooding with moisture . my already rapidly beating heart to thump so hard that it . faster and faster my heart to pound . the blood in my pulse and rush and . my turn weak . without resistance the empty pill bottle free of my grip and several away . i m dying . i knew that this was going to happen . it was the whole point after all . i can t stop from being though . no . . and also sad . not for myself . not . but for nick . it won t be easy for him but he will be better off in time . i just know it . he can find someone to give him the treasure that i am unable to provide . a child . a baby . even though i continue to sweat profusely my body becomes ice cold . i begin to shiver and shake uncontrollably . nick i whisper quietly . my suddenly snap tight like thick taut and tense . my entire body becomes stiff and strained as i start to convulse . the pain is like nothing i have ever felt . the shaking is fierce and vicious . i just want it to be over . please just let it all end . i m sorry . i love you . and then everything . i become instantly still . but i still . . . exist . . . somehow . darkness me but after a second or two i realize that it is because my are closed . slowly i open them and take a look around . i am still in my bedroom still sitting on the floor my back still leaning against my bed . i don t understand . why t it work ? why am i still here ? as i continue looking around my first impression is that everything about the room is exactly the same . unkempt queen sized bed behind me . worn out brown carpet below me . to my left the same wooden dresser nick and i have been for a couple of . to my right a stand with a inch flat screen on its top . exactly the same . or so i at first believe . that is when i notice that there is indeed something different . it took me nearly a full minute to recognize because it t a change in the room that i need to see . everything that had been there before is still there now . but among my familiar surroundings is something new something added . my bedroom always had three . to the closet . to the attached master bathroom . and the main one leading to the upstairs hallway . three . sitting here confused and bewildered i find myself somehow staring across the room at a fourth . on the right side of the room s main entrance a spot where only an empty wall had previously now a strange new door . at the sight of this impossibility i jump to my and find that my which had been weak and shaking not long before are easily able to hold me up . am i ? have i fallen asleep and am ? i take a few forward and stand directly in front of the new door . old . that is the first word to break into the forefront of my mind when i peer upon the impossible door . ancient . medieval even . this new door is obviously quite sturdy made from solid vertical of wood in place by deeply driven iron which a speckled pattern across the entire surface . two long metal bloom outward from its right side running across the wood like steel . the top is not a square but a wide arch a sharp point at the peak . the door alien unnatural within the pale plaster wall of my home . the cheap material from which my house is made should never be stable or strong enough to hold something that hulking that substantial that massively heavy . a door of this making no place in a modern structure of the st century . it in a castle where it is and closed by and . another word comes to the forefront of my . unfinished . the natural color of the wood is a sharp red with a slight pink tone possibly cherry or oak . i m not sure . i don t know much about or wood . but apparently at some point after the impossible door had been it had been decided that the wood ' s natural color to be concealed beneath a layer of solid black paint . however the act of painting had for whatever reason been abandoned not long after beginning . now black paint only the top area between the upper hinge and the arch while the rest of the door remains uncovered . unfinished . the thought . built into the left side of the door is a single metal handle . below the handle is a simple keyhole from where i can see a metal key hanging . the key is also old in both appearance and style . it is long thin and most likely made from bronze . the bronze might have once been shiny but it to have with age and wear . at the end of the key where a person would grip to turn the metal had been and into the shape of an elongated oval . two had been engraved into the center of the oval . i lean down my face closer so that i can better read the . june king i speak aloud . my name . without realizing that i am moving i reach out and grip the key with my . the metal of the key cool against my skin cool enough to cause to break out on the back of my neck and down my arms . i slowly twist the key and at once hear a locking mechanism release its hold . i then turn the key back to its original position before to tug it free . however the lock to let it go and the key remains by the door . i leave the key alone and turn my attention to the door . the metal of the door s handle also cool on my skin as i place my hand on it . i expect the hefty looking door to be heavy or its old to put up a fuss when i push it open but it easily and without noise . realistically the only thing that i should find beyond the unfinished door is the guest bedroom and possibly the upstairs hallway . yet with the door fully open i find myself staring down a much different type of hallway . the first thing i notice is that there is a very mild stream of air rolling down the impossible hallway and carried on the air is an odor that me to turn up my nose . mildew and rotten moldy food . that is the thing to which i can compare the stench that is coming from somewhere down the hall . while down this new hallway i feel like i am looking through a portal into the past . halfway down a long wooden torch is hanging from the wall its slightly swaying with the moving moldy air . the light of that single torch against the which seem to be made from of stone . the of the wall are gray in color and appear rough and weathered . the hall floor is also made from a similar stone but gray in color and much more smooth . the ceiling of the hall is not made from stone like the and floor but built with wide wooden and . if i listen close enough i can hear the subtle mildew filled breeze moving through them . less than down the strange hallway a sudden sharp turn left . i can t see where or how much farther the hall goes beyond that point . yet i know that there is another torch hanging somewhere along that unseen stretch because i can see more dancing light reflecting across the wall and along the floor of the hallway s bend . june ! a howl behind me jolting me from the daze i must have . i swing around and witness my husband nick entering into the bedroom . june ! he again momentarily frozen in obvious fear . oh my god ! june ! as he my name i notice that nick is not looking in my direction . he is not looking at me at all . instead his are straight forward . i follow his gaze and then realize that he is actually looking at me after all . crumpled on the floor next to our bed my body . i want to be . i want this to be a massive revelation . but somewhere in the back of my mind i knew it the whole time . i took the and they did what i them to . i am dead . i watch nick suddenly lunge forward towards my body but he after only taking a couple of . i m not sure why he until i watch him reach down to his . he up the empty pill bottle and it closely . he had stepped on it his weight warping and cracking the plastic . he it between his finger and thumb . when he the bottle s label the truth of what he is seeing home . ! he before dropping the empty bottle back to the floor . it him another second to rush to my body and fall down beside its lifeless flesh . as i watch my husband begin to cradle my body in his arms i begin to hear what might be coming from behind me coming from the impossible hallway . turning back around i look and listen . thump . . . thump . . . thump . . . i am clearly hearing but it does not sound like tapping against a stone floor . thump . . . thump . . . thump . . . instead the sound is closer to the slapping of bare skin . thump . . . thump . . . thump . . . a form between the unseen torch and the hallway bend . i can clearly see a disturbance in the dancing light as a human like shadow is suddenly cast onto the stone wall . thump . . . thump . . . thump an extraordinarily tall totally nude person abruptly the far bend of the hallway . by the bright light of the torch i watch what to be a bald man maybe seven or more in height enter the stretch of hallway in front of me before turning in my direction . no . not a man . not exactly . whoever . . . whatever . . . i am now looking at the shape of a muscular man but there is nothing hanging from where male genitals should be . pale flesh his . . . its . . . nude body . no . not covering . not exactly . neither one of the arms nor the left leg skin covering them . the and and everything else normally concealed beneath a thin layer of flesh are fully exposed to my . had the skin been stripped away peeled away at some point in the past ? or had there never been skin there in the first place ? i can t say . but either possibility my already frightened mind . the strange man like abomination casually making his way down the hall and toward me . it is at once apparent that the creature is not one bit to see me standing in the open doorway like it already knew that it would find me here . maybe i am the whole reason for the thing s arrival ? the realization me hard in the chest and i quickly reach out for the handle of the open door . as i hastily pull the massive door closed i try to keep my on the nude creature up until the last possible moment . the whole time that i am in the act of the door the creature does not slow or speed its pace but calmly down the hall . if it is there for me why t it rush at me ? the answer becomes strikingly apparent . it t have to . because no matter how hard i twist the bronze key it will not turn and i can not re engage the lock . somehow the sight of the nude creature me to forget about nick but his voice to break through my fear . at some point whenever i t been looking nick must have out his cell phone to call . i don t have to look behind me to know that he is now begging an emergency operator to save my life . i know his voice . i know . . . him . please he into his . you have to help her . it s my wife june . she . . . taken . i don t . . . i don t know if she is still breathing . you have to send someone to help her . hurry . street a swift tug at the unfinished door from the other side me away and again nick s voice back into the cloud of fear and panic that my mind . suddenly an even tug nearly the unfinished door from my grasp . i place both on the door s handle and try to grip with all the strength my arms can manage . i create additional support by planting my left foot against the wall at the side of the door . every coherent thought in my head is screaming at me telling me that i can not let this thing get its on me . but how do i stop it ? do i run ? do i fight back ? can i fight back ? or is this my fate how were always going to end for me ? another brief tug to rip the door from me . the thing is just messing with me . i know it . a sensation of helplessness and doom to fill me causing my grip to lessen . before i can regain my confidence and grasp the nude man thing finally . with force and impatience it at the door one last time . i quickly let go to keep from being drug through the doorway and into the stone hall . i freeze as i come face to face with the creature . the of its arms wiggle and bulge . lack of make its appear than i had once possible . its teeth were rotten and jagged and in full display without any to cover them . and the smell is like that of a deer carcass left in the sun for a few days . i attempt to run but i am far too frightened far too slow . i manage to turn away from the thing but before i can get my body moving the man creature a skinless arm around my neck . i feel the tissue of its muscle tighten against my skin and it ' s an unnatural sensation . the thing immediately to rip me through the doorway . i flail my arms out wide trying to grab anything and everything . one of my the framing of the door but to grab a hold . my other hand a tight grasp of the door s metal handle . i hold on for dear life . nick ! i scream my voice straining and cracking . i know that my husband can not hear me but i continue howling anyway . nick ! nick ! help me ! i don t want to die ! i don t want to be dead ! desperately outward through the open doorway i look to my husband . he is holding my body again with both arms his cell phone now laying at his side . deep and intense despair distort his facial as he my lifeless flesh . my husband still me . what have i done ? nick ! and then for some reason his sobbing and his face . does he hear me ? something is happening but i can t tell what . i somehow manage to get both of my onto the metal handle . holding tight i try to buy myself as much time as i can . i am not going . not yet . when nick t raise his head or look in my direction i yell again with even more venom and fire behind it . ! ! ! my husband his head closer to my limp body . what is he doing ? look at me nick . please . just look my way . but he t . he t hear me . i instantly begin to lose hope . why t he hear me ? i need him to hear me . i need him to save me . i continue to struggle against the strength of the creature but am losing the fight . nick his head against my dead chest . he given up too ? no . i can see it on his face . he is thinking listening . he does hear something . not my screaming . but something else . my heart ? is my heart still beating ? nick ! i yell one last time as the metal handle finally from my . as i am being violently dragged backward down the hall i see something before nick is completely removed from view . his hand . it . toward my face . toward my throat . and somehow i can feel it . a phantom pressure entering my mouth at my throat . pushing . moving . . nick s . and i start to gag on the invisible intrusion . the phantom twist and turn and churn up the of my gut until nausea fully me . either it ' t notice or care but the man creature to even pause when i start to projectile vomit . the puke from my mouth in a white foamy waterfall that onto my chest and stomach . my vision to dance like the of the torch i pass . everything goes black . and then light somehow me in the darkness . bright and blinding . within the all light and slowly form and focus . a face . nick . my head is swimming and my body brittle but i manage a slight smile . and two . i m sorry . nick me sit up . from somewhere outside i can hear . i don t want to look away from my husband s wonderful face but i do anyway . the unfinished door is gone . empty wall is now the only thing to see there . gone . or is it ? maybe it t really gone not entirely . maybe it is still there wherever we go when we die waiting for when i inevitably return . i just can t see it . . . right now . maybe we all have a door through which we must enter whenever we die either by choice or by force and there is nothing any of us can do about it . that possible truth t scare me . but i can feel my hurting chest and heart becoming tense . as i glare at the empty spot where my doorway most likely me a single thought over and over in my head . the door is now unlocked . i am and i once had a channel . you probably don ' t know me i had a very small following around . it ' t that much and i ' t make that much money but i mostly did it for fun . i post yeah . it ' t anything spectacular mostly . it was two days ago when i decided to another video . i found some it and then . i left it for a while until i got a notification from my phone . i at it and found out it was a comment . it said " here before ! be ? " i knew that it was a account and just decided to report and delete it . ' t go so well though . even though i had it they came back . they said " here before ! be ? " i why this again but i and it once more . i left for lunch and went i come back there it is again . another comment saying the same thing . i was and decided to reply . " who are you ? why are you again and again ? leave me alone . " i to the . i got no reply . i for but again i found no reply . it was until about when i got a reply . all i got was this i was out . it ' s just that that me out than any could have . i once again " please stop i don ' t want to be your friend . " i said to the that they would stop . they did stop . i was relieved and put it out of my mind . later i got an . it said dear i ' m from . you know the one that you . you ' t have to be so mean you know . i just to have . if you had just been nice to me this ' t happen . but you had to be an and now you ' shot yourself in the foot . you know i ' got some . they ' re good people and not only that they ' re talented . very talented . they ' your . they ' re right outside your house right now . don ' t believe me ? well take a look at this . he sent me two one was of my house and the other was of myself . i was . i ' t know what to do . i ran to my window and took a look outside my window . there i saw a black car . i ' t sure what type of car i ' t bother enough to know . there were also two people standing the car . wearing ski and . one had an axe while the other had a gun . my house was quite isolated . the few near me were full of people that i ' t know as much and probably ' t intervene . i ran for my life . i went out of my back door . at the outside i could see them coming towards me . i was a fast runner i ran to my car a red . the one with the gun shot at me but thankfully he ' t very good at aiming . the one with the axe ' t get to me . i sped right out of my neighborhood . i ' t dare take a look back . i ' t care if i broke some traffic i was running for my life . i went and went until i ran out of gas . thankfully there was a gas station near . i my gas and i was still anxious . it was night time and they could still be out there . i drove again to the nearest hotel . i rented a room and i have stayed there for the last two days . i ' m and . i fear that if i go back to my house they would still be there . it ' s disgusting that let these go unnoticed . they should be removed from and the people responsible for this should be in jail . i have my account and . i have . i have isolated myself in a hotel and i ' m not sure when i will leave . i want to say stay safe everyone . if you see one of those in other people ' s report them . don ' t let them continue this . i hope you all stay safe and i hope that i ' still be able to go home . ninety nine percent of the time i work the most boring job in the world . but last night something interesting for once . and it s me out . quick to me . i went to a four year film school spent of learning how to use some of the most animation and on the planet and went of of into debt all so i could sit in a dark room and push buttons for less than ten an hour . a good education really off t it ? when i graduated at the top of my animation program with a proficiency in maya avid the entire adobe suite and any other program you can think of i naively that the job would be pouring in . at the very least i thought that i would get a response to the of i . but nothing . not a peep . turns out my impeccable and multiple indentured servitude sorry unpaid mean jack in the crowded field of post production . in my first year i had to subsist on bare walking dogs and plasma . glamorous right ? i thought my luck had finally a few ago when i finally got a call back for a full time post production gig . i don t remember ever even to the place but i was desperate and in debt and i was willing to take anything . that said it was still a hard job to say yes to . i d always of feature and eventually working at a place like or where i could become an animator . this job was not that . it was an assistant editor position at a tiny company that does one thing people s old home . people bring in their old and film and we turn them into they can play on their computer . that s it . my job specifically is not to digitize the no that sacred duty goes to a greasy middle aged guy ralph who me sweetheart and i m convinced does coke in the bathroom while his are rendering . no . my job is to review the once they re on the computer and remove any . static if there are any in the file i remove them a suite of digital . with my training this work is pretty much just mindless . theoretically i could do it at like a or my apartment and finish all the for a month in one all . but my boss that the can t be removed from his secure facility don t ask me why this t top secret alien autopsy footage it s s birthday from the s . so i have to spend eight every day in a cramped suite in a basement office at a strip mall . there s a place upstairs and their ventilation must be mixed up with ours because the place constantly like peanut oil pork and . oh one last thing i forgot to mention the suite read closet is so tiny that two people really can t work in there effectively . told me this when he hired me and told me i might have to work flexible . i said i was down for anything obviously i could barely afford at the time but in hindsight that might have been a mistake . because by flexible meant that ralph would come in the mornings to digitize the and i would come in from six in the evening until two in the morning to clean them up . he said it was ideal for someone who a side hustle during the daytime which is boss speak for don t expect me to pay you enough to live on . so i still have to walk dogs to make meet and the result is i get an average of three of sleep a night . if i m lucky . i think i given you enough to envision the scene . me alone in a dark room just big enough to stand up in red bull my face lit by the glow of grainy home on the screen in front of me . got it ? good . it had been a particularly rough night . maybe my worst yet though i say that about every night . i t been able to make time for any actual dinner so i was on pop during rendering . one video had been particularly me i had spent the whole previous night getting it just right but had i to do more to remove some file that nobody was ever going to notice . so i was grumpy malnourished and exhausted . it was a little after midnight and i figured i would fix one more file and call it a night . i picked one that i thought would be easy a birthday party video that was under ten and loaded it onto the computer . i t notice anything funny about the video at first . hell at this point i barely register what the are i just numbly look for to fix . it could be for all i know . this one t though it was just some little running around in a . green grass blue sky white picket fence . there were some tied to and a hanging from a tree . the sort of thing i d seen a million times at that point . whoever was holding the camera was shaking pretty bad so i was mostly just the framing as much as i could . fixing a few scratches here and there . simple . that is until five into the film . right at the five minute mark there was a serious in the far background of the shot . a hazy black shape on the screen . it was just for a few barely noticeable to the but i knew that would see it if i left it in . so i backed up to the start of the a few fancy and blended it into the background . . i hoped that would be the last time i had to do any serious but i was wrong . mere after i removed the first it again . only this time it t so far in the background but closer to the fence . i worked my magic again and warily on . was i have to do this for every frame of the film ? i did a quick scroll through the rest of the and saw to my relief that it t appear to pop up again . i returned to where i d left off content i d only need to stabilize the footage and then i could go home . but there it was again . i swore . somehow even though i had just checked all the footage the same black shape up just a few later . this time it was directly in front of the fence . and this time it t quite so hazy . it almost like a person ? i and in for a closer look . i was right . although it had initially like pure noise i could now see the dim of a small human figure what like a child . i t exactly sure how that but the process can do weird . most likely it had one of the other in the yard from another part of the video . i erased the image once again but it was getting more difficult . it took me several to render my and i had a sinking feeling that it was only going to get harder . like clockwork the shape kept showing up every few . it was incredibly tedious . play a frame edit out the shape rinse repeat . i checked my watch again it was almost one and i t yet halfway through the video . each edit i had to make was taking a little bit longer too . i was going to be here all night if i t want to yell at me . i to notice a little after one how much clearer the had become . it was now very obviously a child a young boy to be exact . to all the other though he was still out of focus . his skin was so pale and his hair and clothes so dark that he could have been from a black and white film . the rest of the video was in color though . it was the thing like he had come from a totally different film . was it possible that some other file had corrupted this one ? i had no knowledge of that sort of thing ever happening before but the difference was just so stark the happy laughing in the foreground and the lonesome silent boy standing by the fence watching them play . the more i pored over the video frame by frame second by second the more eerie the boy s stare . because he was very clearly watching the other . his them around the yard even if he himself did not move . no he stayed quite still his in his jacket his billowy trousers falling over his shiny black . he was dressed more for a funeral than for a birthday party . the clothes were several sizes too large also . and the hair ! so neatly combed so rigid and straight . if i t see his moving i would have thought he was some sort of mannequin or doll . or maybe a corpse . it was now a few after two and i was finally on the last couple of the film . the boy was in every other frame at this point flickering spookily in and out of existence . i t have time to be out though i to get home if i to get any sleep that night . i finished the boy out of the final frame of the film and i gave a little cheer . it was my most rewarding moment at work in a sad little reality that i chose not to dwell on . i scrolled back to the beginning of the file to watch it one more time but i was already starting to pack up my stuff . i play and my jaw hit the floor . i blinked a couple of times convinced my were tricking me . but they t . there was no doubt about it . i was watching the exact same film i had just been for over two but everything was different . everything was horribly horribly wrong . all of the were gone . the laughing chasing one another tag and they had all . instead i on an empty . the and the still in the afternoon breeze . the of overhead still on the white fence . but the were gone . in their place was just a palpable absence and the ominous silence of their existence . i scrolled back and forth through the video searching frantically for some evidence of what i knew for a fact i had just watched . but there was nothing . where once there had been a joyful party there was now a void . i through my edit history wondering if i had somehow done something wrong but there was nothing . even if i had tried i t have erased all of the so seamlessly . the ground they had on t even . it was like they had never been there at all . after a few more through the file i that i was wrong . it t completely empty . no . in the same i had already the i had spent two meticulously cleaning there he was again . the boy with the pale face and the black suit staring straight ahead this time not at the other for there t any but at me . i and instinctively closed the file . these late were starting to get to me . i considered my . at the very least i could delete the file . i d tell ralph it was hopelessly corrupted and he to convert it again . he d give me for it but what else was i supposed to do ? i t tell him the truth he d never believe me . or else he d snort and tell me smugly that just don t understand technology . thinking about that got my blood boiling . that i thought to myself . i know how to convert a tape . i could just do ralph s job for him and do it right . there t be any if i converted the file i said to myself confidently . i closed out of the swiveled around my chair and to sort through the pile of and of film that took up over half the room . ralph was a slob but i eventually found the tape with the right label . i plugged it into a and a monitor above me crackled to life . first there was a solid wall of static . slowly it up and the video came into focus doubling and tripling itself around the screen before it finally into a single feed . but what on the screen was not a child s birthday party . it was still an outdoor scene but the suburban lawn was with a desolate rocky beach . angry grey water into the distance . the sky was the color of paper . above the rush of the sea i a like a dying . i rolled my . had i the wrong tape ? i checked the label again but it exactly with the file name on the computer . the in the corner of the video was the same too . i at a few of the other lying out but none of them had even been . this was the only possible source of the file i had just but it was impossible that this was the same video . it just t be . i the computer in frustration . i swore at it and at the video and at and at the entire situation . a whole night of work wasted and i had no idea how to even explain what had . on the screen something was happening that i had not yet . i was too busy in self pity and my own miserable life to watch carefully . that was a mistake . i should have closer attention to the water the sky the sand . if i had maybe i would have more quickly what was coming . maybe i would have the or a plug out of the wall and i t be writing this right now . i t be in my bedroom as i type these trying not to make a sound telling myself over and over again that the scratching i hear on my window is just a tree branch that the keeping me from sleep are a figment of my imagination . but i t watch closely enough . and i t act fast enough . i t see how as the tide came in the left an odd dark stain on the seashore . a stain that crept up the as if it had a life of its own . i t see how the storm in the sky too quickly in ways t supposed to . and i t notice the shadowy with no advancing from the back of the frame walking on the top of the water like they were made out of smoke . when i did finally notice when i up at the screen and saw one of the walking straight toward the camera and this one did have a face oh yes he did well by the time i that it was too late . i watched unblinking as his pale face and rigidly combed black hair filled up the entire screen and his milky white into my own . then he his mouth wide open like he to swallow the whole world . i never seen anything so totally hellishly empty as that endless black throat . the screen went black . then it white . then it turned to static and the film was over . and at that exact moment my stomach burst into agony . i doubled over . i think i even . i d never felt anything like this before like white hot of pain from my gut all the way up to my chest . each wave grew in intensity like i was being over and over . i t think could barely even move . i off my chair and lay on the ground . my mouth filled up with the sour taste of bile and i knew i was going to be sick . i was going to puke my brains out . i to crawl over to a just in time and would you believe i to get over half of the vomit inside of it ? it was hopeless to expect more than that . vomit jetted out of me like a hose . and it just kept coming and coming . it was no relief to the pain in my stomach though . the pain strong even as i the trash can with vomit . who knew you could throw up so much from just a couple pop and a red bull ? at last after i had disposed of seemingly all of my internal the vomiting stopped . the pain was dying down too . i back against the computer breathing deeply . my vision was swimming . my head was pounding . the room smelled like something had in it and i had a feeling that if i t get out soon the stench would make me throw up all over again . i got to my shaking and i to walk towards the door . right as i put my on the doorknob i back at the pile of vomit i had left on the floor . my . something in the puke was moving . i myself against the door feeling like i might faint . from within the vomit something long and black out like an enormous spider s leg . had that been inside of me ? it was at this point after far more than anyone else could be to that i finally out . or i assume that s what . because the next thing i knew i was being awake by a familiar greasy hand . hey sweetheart ! wake up ! i my and in my hazy morning vision i could make out two ralph smiling crudely and mad . at me for almost an hour . i m not running a hotel ! he . get your and get out of here ! a lot of like that . to be honest i could care less . i t even register that he was firing me . no all i about was the fact that there was no vomit on the floor and the tape from the previous night was nowhere to be seen . both had . if it t for a small vomit stain on my i would have thought that i had up the entire thing . but the were definitely . and as i away from the suite dimly that i had nothing to eat no money that was the one detail that really stayed with me . and it s still with me now . everything from last night did happen . i know that it did . so why was there no evidence ? what to my vomit ? what to the tape ? and how is it all connected to the scratching on my window that at sundown and the whispering that won t let me sleep ? since i writing this my stomach been hurting like hell again . but i can t leave the building to go to the hospital . i m too to do that . because there s a playground just a block away from my house and i have to pass it to get anywhere in the city . i it just this morning as i home from getting fired . i t linger or pay too much attention . why should i ? it was full of laughing like it always is . like it s supposed to be . during the day it s normal for to be at the playground . all of even quiet little with blank white and dark hair . it s not unusual to see a boy like that at a playground during the day standing by a fence watching everyone who by not just me not just me ! . to see him at night though when all the other have gone home now that would not be normal . that would be a little unusual . i don t think i could explain that . but then again i think as the pain to unbearable new what would be worse ? to see him standing by the fence or to not see him there ? because if he t there he might be anywhere . anywhere at all . the bile in my throat and i know that soon i will puke again . as i crawl towards a i repeat to myself over and over again that the crawling sensation inside my stomach is just the vomit and nothing else . this night to be dragging on forever part . . r gjpzo this town a secret and its written in ash part . . r ggo this town a secret and its bound in flesh somewhere down the line shivering had set in . maybe it had gotten cold i ' t say . every inch of my being felt seemingly numb to all stimuli other than adoration and wonder to the glorious display in the night sky . maybe the stress had just into something far greater but even with the great heaving and my body feeling so strained and at its i felt fine . or at least as fine as one could be after the night i ' d had so far . at the very least the lack of the flesh thing had quickly become a pleasant change and one i was more than willing to keep on going with . not that i had any incline as to how i ' d keep up such a change given its absolute tenacity . but so far my trust in random had been a mixed bag of and at least my latest bout had ended rather positively even if i to have ended up in some strange new place . strange is better than dead assuming i ' t dead already . and i ' t shake that feeling . that in some way there was the possibility that maybe i was dead . that hazy feeling that had been my brain the entire night had only gotten worse the moment i ' d on the sand . every single retch of vile lake water had come with of doubt and confusion . yet i ' d left home that night full of internal turmoil with the very intent of losing it of finding distraction . finding some way to self just for a moment of peace . but why ? that was the question i ' t answer and each second each minute i spent in this new place i felt myself drifting further and further from it . i ' d in one thing at least . perhaps i just a moment to compose . to take a breath of regular air without the looming shadow of danger ever present . so i stop in the sand myself sink in just slightly into its soft surface and breathe . but nothing comes . nothing except the slowly rising dread and inevitable panic . so much so that every time i try pin down a single line of thought like my name or what my address was that internal void to grow and . ' t help . it was only making that void bigger by the second . i pat down my feeling the lump of the wallet and inside . thankful that the lake ' t taken it from me and feel a heavy sigh of relief . i had an id i was a person . i had a home to go to . i had an existence . i just need to stay calm and get my . take one step at a time until i made it back . i spin around to where the gap in the would have been . the clear lack of a tree line now revealing the glorious landscape beyond i can make out a strange shape against the vague shape of rolling in the distance something boxy and so clearly man made . i make it my goal and stomp towards it kicking of damp sand into the air around me . the closer i get to this structure the better i feel to just be in close proximity to some sign of . each step a dangerous thing lit only by the strange sky above the looming moon the odd nebula . but away i find myself suddenly cast in the orange glow of a street light flickering itself to life . this new found light giving shape to the thing in front a bus stop and just beyond a long stretch of road . it almost alien . like a thing abandoned to the wild so out of place but so unassuming . and just like the road the ever piece of tarmac so precisely painted with so untouched so by time and the the shelter equally as pristine . no or chipped paint . no of fire or vomit it ' t lean at some brutal angle thanks to or drunken . an unusual sight in the to say the least . i take a seat inside . there ' s no timetable or at least none that i can see the board is there but the space is empty save for a small white envelope into the frame . at first its stark white had been off . a blot against the grey wall of the shelter i tentatively for it unsure whether to take it or just leave it behind . but who would just leave this here ? out in the middle of seemingly nowhere no less . i open the fold slowly feeling the crispness of paper moving against paper an act that somewhat felt devious . inside a small ticket by the size of the envelope poked up just in sight . a one way ticket to somewhere nearby . ? never of it in all honesty but i can ' t claim to have a perfect geographical knowledge of the country . regardless how long would i be sat here waiting for a bus to even turn up ? would there even be another ? i have very few other than to either wait and see or to pick a direction and walk . the latter sounding less enjoyable by the minute so i sit and hope whatever patience i have long enough . my wait ' t last long . within the next hour the bus a quiet approach against the smooth pitch of the tarmac . an old red double decker along with the long gone grace of antiquity . the type where the entrance sat squarely at the back of the vehicle with the driver up front and another to handle the . a youngish looking man met me at the threshold . each of his were a mechanical thing the long wave of his arm to the turning of his wrist to each finger one at a time becoming an open and expectant palm . his smile in hefty timed . the skin around his in time . offering the ticket to this strange guy he aside passage onto the vehicle but only after each finger back in to a closed fist and a slow nod . and metal with each and every motion . lifeless roll like marbles within . thanks . i say entirely unsure his neck snaps suddenly towards me the smile now gone but the mouth more agape than it ever had been an empty hollow full of nothing but the yellow flicker of sparks and grinding . by the time i ' found a spot on some aged and well worn seat he ' s still mid turn arms slowly curling in to a jaunty walk . and when the bus into motion each passenger is gently flung backwards into their i half expect the mechanical man to tumble down with a clatter . to see flying and to see sparks fly and metal crumple but he ' t . instead he on all with some dogged elegance and suddenly off with the creeping speed of a spider crawling over and swinging between the hand until he the and himself up above and away . and all i can do is stare in abject horror . don ' t mind him . the voice comes from the row opposite a genial looking fellow . round faced and tanned . he his bus quiet . nothing more nothing less . i dread to think what he would do what he would be capable of with those automaton . with those sparks and teeth of smashing . just don ' t talk when he ' s around . friendly tip . he with a smile so benign so unabashed in the presence of such rude weirdness . you look new is all don ' t mean to pry but the new tend to make a lot of here . what does it take for this sort of thing to become the norm exactly ? where are we going ? i ask entirely unsure . next stop is . is after but that ' s awhile off . are first mind you should worry more about them . i go to question further but my cross over to the where i ' d the of the head of the mechanical man now upside down angry and sullen from the roof . the man a chubby finger over his covering his cheeky smile . and it at us . spark and black liquid onto the nearest to it before withdrawing back . an elderly gent up front the greasy substance from his with clear distaste . a pungent miasma of oil and grease . think he ' s in a bad mood today . he . never usually this grumpy but he does have his . but what exactly is he ? he ' s the conductor . not many of his type left nowadays rare thing he is . they ' re not all as picky as him but stay clear . oh friendly don ' t eat at the restaurant lamp are a good indicator of danger and if you hear the train then head indoors . i made that mistake on my first day . he his other hand and the two another chuckle . for the first time since entering the bus i take a moment to view the outside world from the finger print smudged . the world by at an almost leisurely pace moon coated green give way to oddly shaped and of twisted . there ' s an odd beauty to the near vacant of land out into the seemingly endless distance . one i barely have time to comprehend before the landscape giving way to a great abyss . we ' re on the bridge now . the round man matter of . bit run down now like . i remember when this was new . had and everything . there ' s an incline to the bridge . it off slight only just noticeable through the in the bridge where the land meeting the sudden abyss more and more . and the further across we make it the more i feel my body down into the soft of the . outside we pass car after car all stationary and the few i can fully make out in this dim unlit space appear empty and sporting a generous coating of grime and muck . ajar . broken . roofing up and . my face against the cool glass i half turn to ask what exactly is on the bridge ? only later am i aware that the conductor may be nearby and listening . i jump by the but find nothing but other . we come to down to a slow which is surprising given how so far the bus driver had been every car in its way with surprising alacrity despite how often the momentarily leave the road . yet the moment the vehicle comes to a slow half a sudden stop to fling us from our yet we merely come to a grind as the bus with something up front . an ear splitting screech as we push slowly through a blockade of barring our way up the ever incline . the round man closer and a sly tap on the shoulder a pudgy finger out towards the black of the abyss where only faint mist any idea of depth . just by that railing there you might be able to see it . in pretty well at night but in the day it ' s a sight for sore . the slowly revealing the head of the conductor once more the man a subtle frown with pursed and a quick shrug of the . i turn to the dark nothing but wreckage but beyond the abandoned just large enough to not be was a finger . fleshy and red with some strange carapace like than us by far than the bus itself and if that was only the finger i to think how large the rest of the creature may be . i turn to my new friend only to come face to face with the conductor . his smiling mechanical face only from mine as he ' s upon the hand rail in front curled around the with his either side . meticulously shiny black boots . polished to utter perfection . between the thin a brilliant golden light out to its inner mechanical beat faint ticking like some hollow heart beat . it off my sentence prematurely with a raised finger to its poised as some angry librarian . hushing us both to silence yet something there me . i felt my own hand raise my own finger to my very own . and i in agreement . the man now satisfied slunk away noiselessly . itself between the ahead before to the roof and the floor above . in a half stupor i turn to the man and instead of confusion i only feel for my own to have been by some otherworldly being . i like to think of it as a troll . he with a hearty chuckle under the bridge ugly as anything . ' t much look like one but it ' s fitting i think . i turn just quick enough to make out the finger shift . the rapturous moment its bulk only the of but incredible of shock throughout us . the road itself quaking beneath some ' s whim . our very own seating the sanctuary of the bus itself becoming more and more tentative with each rumble . spin and slip and grind around us but the moment as soon as it leaving us still in the cool night air . gasping at the moment where we leave our and fall back down in the sudden jolt of weightlessness before gravity hold once more . despite the sudden chaos . the momentary blip in what otherwise felt like normality the surrounding completely calm . all while i shook and cried out out for footing and something substantial to hold onto as i into the abyss . or perhaps to see more of the hidden colossal creature beneath us . i ' m left confused they ' re left . we ride the next few in silence the man whimsically out of the window while i remain in the seat gripping fiercely not just out of fear but due to the gradual incline worsening . somehow the bus remains on course with no change in speed near vertical but glued to the road as if nothing had . but then maybe nothing had . maybe i could entertain the idea that this place could be some elaborate illusion . a trick of the mind based purely on perception . the rolling certainly had a strange to them something unique yet familiar . just far enough from the normal to seem strange in their own way without being too peculiar altogether . the sky on the other hand to be some grand display . the kind of thing only seen in fi . that ' t exist but somehow have . i feel a desperate need for some form of distraction each finger digging harder and into the seat in front . it ? i ask without even looking . rude perhaps but i feel by the view ahead . watching as the road straight on into a sea of black and blinking to see road marking and abandoned flanked by a pale moon and burning of passing . a lady up front back . a discreet attempt but not unnoticed . intrigue across tired sunken and limp . she a little closer but ' t risk a clumsy tumble trying to cross the aisle . not yet . just enough to make distant all the more clearer . where does it take them ? same place we all go here . end of the line . there ' s no smile across his pasty face just a long frown marked with dimple . curling and the smudge of red across his . the wrong person really i don ' t get here much everything . death of the high street they call it always some bigger thing offering more for . looking for someone i take it ? i shake my head . i ' t come here for any such thing at all only the vague promise of safety from another mysterious obstacle in this long running night . although i ' t shake the feeling that someone somewhere had otherwise . that this night as hellish as it had become had been some step in a plan . many i think . you won ' t get many here . don ' t go that far round here . suddenly something a nagging voice deep inside that i question further . to push for information i had no idea i ' d . why does it sound like you know something ? because regardless if i do or don ' t you should always be wary of those who wish ill of you . he a sly thing but i with sudden agency to the several turned among the other passenger . each one twisted just noticeably enough with stern face and towards the two of us . i had no idea exactly where i was but something told me that for every depth of strangeness this place could offer a new and level would follow soon after . i sit in silence for another twenty thirty . time by as fleetingly as my breath against the cool glass . i make watching fog roll in and around the surrounding abyss spy every detail of the bridge the and hope for any glimpse at the beast below . by the time we near the hour the bus still at a steady pace ever upwards and i ' m lost to the sheer boredom until a voice out against the noise of the road hey . the voice is female light and exasperated . the woman from the one who ' d turned to eavesdrop with pleading at the round man the of forming . now she in front of him . a pocket worn picture covered in fold . a woman and her child . have you seen her ? it ' s my daughter please have you seen her ? he her half in a daze half unsure of what to say offering only the shake of a head and confusion . unwanted and only make her plead more . please you have to help me . she ' s crying now grasping for his or any part of him to hold on to to find some humanity in there willing to do the impossible for her . it attention a whole lot of it to boot . turn to face her yet mine only focus on the on the above . as much as i think i can hear it the subtle crawling of the conductor i can ' t . but i know he ' s coming . she ' s only eight please you must know something . you said it did it take her ? she ' s shaking him now . red with effort white her face even paler . and the horrible moment when that gross smile at the top of the only turns mine several of green . it on the ceiling . mechanically turn second by second from a smile to a wide open maw . the golden sparks forth illuminating the dim scene . the grind and tick becoming some horrid growl barely audible above the woman . i try warn her . i wave and wait for the between her ragged for any opportunity to speak but she ' t hear . the man by now already spotted him though his face one of both fear and relief . a half smile . it through the space a predator in its domain . between the until its behind her face only away from the back of her own head . the world to hitch its own breath everyone except her . completely unaware to the presumable danger just behind her and it ' t until a faint dying spark against her that she a hand bats away the sizzling hair but it ' s too late . an immaculate hand out . pristine curl around the of her with a sudden clamp then her backwards until her meet maw and her own mouth slowly his own . dripping with shock and fear so unmistakable so familiar . she her grip she ' t fight . in the following time to come to some complete stop . a moment where the two almost met and something in the air gross and hungry . then suddenly the mechanical man . instead of bile out came a deluge of and and other . each one glowing to with its own light each looking like some molten piece . and straight down her throat . she violently at first but the longer the two remain locked together the more fluid her become the more mechanical until her their own light . until her their own way into that same plastic smile . and i myself as far back as possible . completely unsure if they could gather any purchase against the vertical floor . the now two mechanical people stopped and turned towards me . the man had made a motion forward but had stopped for a brief second to turn his head questioningly . taunting me tempting me to make another noise . around us the hung their averted and the rest of the world ' t . in this place it they left people to their own fate . here they were merely but i ' t stop . the surrounding me only fed fuel to the flame to the building momentum of fear and confusion . they move forward . somehow planting steady on the floor gravity and momentum with every step . sparks fly and hiss like the frothing of some rabid dog . reach out but i bat them away panicked and moving ever further away where possible until i ' m over the tumbling through the air . i land with a hefty thud against the glass of the back window unlike the two i find myself unable to stand stuck to the effects of gravity . it and ' t crack something i ' m wholly unsure whether to be thankful or angry about . a potential escape ruined by a well pane . the two advance steadily . unrelenting . and by the time they ' re only away i take a painfully heavy breath weight the and with closed roll out of the bus entrance into the abyss . the fall . a breath of freedom against the of that mobile cage . a feeling that ' s as brief as it is ephemeral as i collide back first into the front of a nearby car . the fall is short thankfully but enough to cause a significant amount of pain one that throughout my core . i roll but before the abyss me i manage to grip onto the edge of the door it wildly but i manage to slide against the road and suddenly the world and . my brain and but the moment it my are firmly on the ground i have purchase somehow against this vertical slope . i breathe a sigh of relief . a heady moment of relief . i haven ' t fallen far but within that short period the bus made significant progress ahead i dread to think how far left i have to go before this landscape before i ' m away from whatever the thing underneath is . assuming i was even away from that thing to begin with . what exactly within these ? the nearest car the one i ' d fallen so gracefully into in fact featured a number of interesting . most notably the entire middle section of the vehicle a metal pancake . at some point blood had from between the a slick dark red waterfall now long dried and . i back away feeling the chilling touch of a sudden breeze that while refreshing came with a stale warm edge . i turn and make a start on the road ahead watching it vanish off into the distant sky . there ' s a rumbling long behind . a far off quake all by black and the grey of faint masked by a thin rolling fog . something had possibly within it not that the current were in my to see otherwise but not wishing to remain here for much longer i pick up the pace . thankfully i have an easy to follow path through the still traffic thanks to the route one that surely had made the walk easier . i walk for another half hour before some form of end in sight . a cliff face through the dull haze but with the inclusion of some sort of man made light but from what source i still can ' t make out . my pace had been considerably over the past few but the of an end had inspired a sudden burst of energy and one i was wholly intent on . taking one final look behind i remark at the view . as as it may have there was some wonder to it the shift of perspective its grim reality yet somewhere far back a grey lump had the middle of the road . one i ' d not before . perhaps the fog had it upon my prior but the moment i squint to process its shape the road once more . suddenly to the floor i come to a rather nasty . the shape had . it was now but not by a considerable amount of course there was every possibility that with the poor visibility i had mistaken its distance . a lack of any real landmark or notable to judge the distance made it all the more difficult to but something deep down knew that it was closer . and as the road shook again tumultuous and angry it had once more . i scramble up nearly slipping over in the panic and move backwards first at a creeping pace before taking flight like a animal . the moment i break into a full on sprint i feel the bridge shift and shake once more but this time it ' t stop . i take a quick glance backwards to see the shape note only cover a large amount of ground with each movement but also two smaller either side each rising and falling at a steady pace . each to the side and with such swift unhindered motion that my attempt at running away feel pointless . something within the mass . something large and round reflecting the moon and above in a wet smear . it and often yet each time it the night sky behind me is and clearer within its surface . glass an metal and as its crushed under the approaching thing . some are flung off to the side and as they breach the support of the bridge itself suddenly turn and drop into the black below . somehow the bridge some sort of gravity as impossible as that would be but if tonight had proven anything it ' s that the impossible had a knack for being real . i can ' t give up . i snap my head forward and push harder than i thought possible . burning and aching i and but the rumbling only got and more violent and as close as the end to be it was still a good ways off . i and to whatever being would listen and wished for some intervention . around me skidding around like the very ground were ice . a few to block my path but with shaking arms i and leapt slipped around and sought every which way i could to safety . but as the rumbling its apex and the wind suddenly caught up in a roaring fury i knew that some colossal arm had raised and a gigantic meaty fist would be down ready to reduce me into a smear . i stopped . fell to the floor one eye peaking through to my impending death . and i wished once more . please please just leave me alone . i lay for a whole minute . totally unsure whether death was as quiet and uneventful as this or if by some strange miracle i ' d . surviving to be becoming a common theme in my life right now one i was thankful for even if the leading to it were entirely unwanted . sitting up the colossal was nowhere to be seen . the below no large grey mass like they had no raised fist ready to send my fragile human frame into oblivion . only the faint whisper of a nights breeze . so i rise onto burning and walk . walk until the road suddenly angle one i ' m entirely unsure how to navigate yet as my foot the threshold perspective and once more and i ' m suddenly left staring down into the black . the bridge seemingly hanging loose like a rope bridge cut and left to dangle . far off i can make out a mass of land floating aimlessly in the nothingness the of a large lake just visible and a long stretch of tarmac beside it . it unfathomably far away how far exactly had i travelled ? you were supposed to ride the bus here not walk . the voice is familiar i turn to meet a familiar old lady . arms folded with her sullen grey hair lining the deeply frown in her wrinkled face a glistening wet shopping bag by her side . at least you made it i suppose so that ' s a start . she beside a tall building . a block of illuminated by the odd window or two the building itself treacherously close to the sheer face of the cliff beside it . several street flicker on and off in vague resignation . neon mark the location of numerous little sequestered away in small or the more sprawling more sparse but grand . and as she the bag for me to hold she once more . and it ' s about time you got some . part i sat on the living room floor my back against the couch my pregnant belly jutting out in front of me . the baby was content and introspection my hunger as i the blood off my face with the sleeve of my nightgown . i never the could lead to this nor did i imagine not as i at the of our with disdain . how are you feeling ? he as he sat on the floor across from me . i turned to the man i thought was my husband not sure how to respond . this would be a good time to explain the ice pack he ' d been pressing against his cheek and turned his away struggling with the he probably never he d have to say . are you a demon ? i . no . at least not in the sense . what does that mean ? are you possessing ? no . where is he ? he before he said he s dead . i sat up tense . did . . . did you kill him ? no he was already dead when i found him . you better start explaining more than that . " i have no idea how without coming right out and saying it . . . so i will . he took a deep breath bracing himself . i m a member of a species that lived in earth s water for as long as have lived on land . i my at him incredulous . you re seriously telling me you ' re a fish ? no perhaps more like a frog ? we re like large strong intelligent mammalian . " then why do you look like ? " " because i adopted him . we can transform physically into other by pressing part of them to a nodule on our palate to adopt their . we do it to hunt as well as to blend in . so you can look like anyone ? yes but we can t change our mass . if i into a crab i ' d stay this size . same if i into a whale . why are you to be if you live in water ? because i m on the run from my territory ' s government . " i up again . " you ' re a criminal ? " " no . . . yes . . . " he closed his and turned his head down with a forlorn sigh . " i just thought i was doing the right thing . " " what d you do ? " " i uncovered a lot of ugly the government ' t want uncovered for a " cleansing genocide ' . genocide against ? i my skin prickling with fear . we do consider an enemy because of what they do to the environment but no the detailed a genocide against our own kind . we ' re not free from superiority and prejudice either the powerful and privileged will do anything to remain powerful and privileged . my territory is the and taking up most of what you call the atlantic ocean and its government it ' s untouchable . i just to prove it wrong to show it can ' t get away with its against the weak . what i exposed led to an eruption of global unrest and the government listed me as enemy number one . i swam because i knew the penalty was death and they ended up me near the coast . i had nowhere to swim . if i to hide my only option was land . why ' t you just turn into a shark or something ? we have a sense don t have . perhaps it s to smell ? we each have a unique smell that t disappear when we transform . he gave me a hesitant smile . our baby it too a faint one . it ' grow when he or she is born . he sobering up . this sense me know when they re nearby but it t help me hide . so when i found the carcass of a female human i thought i d be among the enemy than my own kind . i adopted her and tried to put as much distance as i could between myself and the atlantic ocean . we re amphibious and have exceptional temperature and pressure tolerance but it still took me a while to adjust . i stayed in the wilderness at first so i could be myself and hunt and live in peace but after a few i to get lonely . we re a social and intellectual species we live in communal and value company and conversation . i being around and family . " " you ' re married ? " " no we don ' t really do that but of us do bond to create trust . is only done to stabilize the population and it ' s regulated by the government but we do love each other as a community and care for the young together . " he . " i thought maybe i could go back find refuge in another territory but i knew the information i would lead to oceanic instability if not an outright war and i was afraid i ' d end up . " the other option was to try and live among . i knew they were our enemy and i ' t looking forward to in a stifling state for long of time but i thought it might be worth it as long as i got mental and emotional stimulation . " i into the female human and tried to live in one of your . back home we ' re taught human history biology and language but it still took me a while to get the of everything . communication was the you rely on vocal tone facial and body language a lot more than we do . " i did odd learned a few hung out in communal absorbed your media . . . and my made me hate even more than ever . they were selfish unsympathetic violent and corrupt and the last straw came when a group of men tried to corner me . i into myself and they ran away screaming and tripping over their pants . " it ' t worth it all that ugliness for company that ' t genuine and conversation that ' t . i went back to living in the wilderness and i of starting my own community in secluded landlocked where no one could find us and we ' d be free to be ourselves . i was the only one of my kind out here and our prohibit into the world but i was already a fugitive . i had nothing to lose . " i for my paradise and i found it a year later . a perfect cave with the water near abundant . it was like i it into reality . now all i were . i had to choose a species to mate with where there ' d be a high probability of conception and low probability of genetic and were the in size structure and intelligence . i searching for a handsome male human to adopt and a healthy female human i could manipulate into carrying my child . his stung . is that why you picked me ? he gave me a rueful half smile as he twisted s wedding ring around his finger . i t pick you . i was in the hunting when i a group of laughing and away the with their wild . i for them to leave but after they calling out for i gave up and decided to hunt somewhere else and that s when i upon your husband . he was dead . he must and cracked his head against a tree . he was around my age and size but he ' t good looking but then i his wedding ring . it got me thinking i t have to convince a wife to carry her husband s child . his were still looking for him i t really have time to deliberate . he had a shaved head and no obvious and that was good enough for me . i took his buried him and his rifle before i met up with and randy . " they were too drunk to suspect anything but they did give me a good idea of who was . i thinking i made a terrible mistake i should ' adopted an anonymous human there was no way i could convincingly take over ' s life . . . but then they drove me here and i met you . " you healthy so i thought it ' t hurt to try . i ' t know how would interact with his wife and i ' t bring myself to mimic his so i tried a basic approach and hoped he was like that with you . apparently i was way off but then you came up with your own explanation for my behavior and i thought maybe i could actually pull this off . so you re me i whispered my voice shaking in hurt and offense . i won ' t deny it was like that at first he quietly looking down . meant nothing to me and you were a just to an end . . . but i t expect to feel a connection with you . he turned his candid towards me . i about you . i talking to you i being with you i you . i felt at home with you . " i making an effort . i learned how to do ' s job even better than he did so i could provide for you . i so i could care for you . i got the of shopping cleaning and so i could help you . with you i felt again . . . physically emotionally mentally . you also made me realize how unfair i d been together . there are like and his but there are also like you . like at the shop . like and at the bakery . may be our enemy but they re just as diverse as we are and you me that . i feeling guilty for what i was doing to you . i with the idea of you know the truth for but tonight s made the choice for me . his with deep remorse . " you were amazing tonight but you never should ' been in a position like that . i ' m so sorry i lied to you . i ' m so sorry i put you in danger . i ' m so sorry you had to kill your in law to save our . " i at him no single emotion dominant as they rode the turbulent in my mind . what s going to happen to me now ? anything you want he said up . just tell me and i do it . his earnestness reassured me but it t settle my confused . i need time to process everything . i m tired . i want to go to bed . should i help you ? i gave him an emotionless nod . help me to the bathroom first . he did before he me to bed switched off the and left . i as i the and to him clean up the aftermath of our feast . despite my agitation fatigue my aside and i off into a dense sleep . the next morning i woke up early and alone . i stayed in bed last night ' s until the baby s hungry impossible to ignore . i as i sat up and i at a trio of before the door . good morning . " he stood in the doorway with a hesitant smile and a plate of raw meat . i got you breakfast . thank you . hope behind his as he over and the tray over my and he standing as he watched me polish off the pile within . i back in satisfaction and ran my hand over my baby bump and he up before he got me my . i ' t take them as i studied him and he stood to the side with anxious me back . did you have time to process everything ? he . what you did was disgusting i said making him wince . but i d be a lot with you if i t sense something was off already . you t acting like at all but i to believe he ' d turned a new leaf . i down . i was enjoying the fantasy of a loving husband who finally saw me as more than just an object . you me better in the past few than had our entire marriage . you me what it was like to be and for . you me and my to what a relationship could be . should be . it t you or me it was you and me . you and me and the baby . i up at him . what were you going to do if this never ? he in place . " the original plan was to convince you to do a home birth blindfolded and then i ' d take the baby to my cave and leave you . i was " you were going to take my baby and abandon me right after i gave birth ? " i glaring at him as i a protective arm over my stomach . " all while to be my husband ? " he away regret weighing down his . " i ' t want to do anything violent to you like or murder . i thought it ' d be the least horrible option . . . but that was all before i felt a connection with you . i ' been struggling with what to do since . " he turned to me . penny i ' m so sorry . i really am . i owe you so much after everything you ' done for me . after everything i ' put you through . i want to make it up to you . just tell me how and i ' do it . i studied him running my hand over my baby bump as my settled into anxious curiosity . after a tentative moment i said " i want to see what you look like . the real you . he blinked in surprise . are you sure ? i m sure . i myself up on the myself . i should know the true father of my baby . " i don t want to scare you . " why would a giant frog scare me ? " " we also have teeth . . . and . . . and " he said hesitant . " we ' re sometimes mistaken for by if they glimpse us . " i myself fighting my anxiety . " i still want to see you . " he . . he stripped and took a deep breath and my as i watched his frame narrow and stretch . his skin to a shade of mottled green so deep it almost black its glossy texture gleaming under the light . his bent at three distinct and his split into five elongated tapered an elastic web of skin them and black capping them . his grew and and webbing as well and flexible tissue connected his upper arms to his body almost like the of a bat . his hair and his jaw sharper his nose into two and his into a pout that small piranha like teeth . his grew rounder and the space between them increasing and their whites disappearing . from where his should be a pair of thick black grew their rough surface without shine as they curved up until they the top of his head before curling back down half way . his chest and stomach were completely smooth save for a small belly button and his genitals had retracted inside his body . with a half smile that out of place on his foreign face he turned around giving me a full view . his streamlined shape had no or other than the thin translucent lining his spine . he turned back to face me and his arms himself a thin film gliding vertically over his glossy as he for me to say something . he really it down when he his species to and it took me a while to find my voice . c can i touch you ? he blinked vertically again and a small smile his mouth as he over and sat beside me . a balmy scent him unusual but not unpleasant . my hand as i out and touched him and i he was trembling too . i felt my way down his sleek firm arm his skin warm but surprisingly not slimy . when i got to his palm i spread open his tracing the taut webbing and onyx . my hand left his and traveled up his chest over his shoulder and down his back and he as i the fine along his spine . i met his as i for his face and he blinked when i touched his cheek . the from ' s were healing at an unnatural rate . my gaze towards his formidable and he his head so i could touch them . it was my turn to shudder as they felt like sandpaper . you can wear your clothes i said drawing back . he up . do i make you uncomfortable ? his natural vocal t made for as they rasped but i understood him . no but you re trembling . i m nervous . i never done this before . you t be nervous to be yourself in front of the mother of your child . his in hesitant relief as he tried to read me . what s your real name ? it t easy for to pronounce he said before he a strange sound . i . that like you re saying while . he gave me a small smile . it ' s different underwater but you can call me if you want . " i m going to have to get used to your with this face but i think i can pick up your from your . i at his . i can see why would think you re . did and randy see you like this ? is that why they tried to exorcise you ? no that was just a coincidence . they ' been suspicious for but when they to you don t need to know the but i and apparently t have . that was all the proof they that a demon was their brother . " " so acting decent and they immediately thought " demon ' . you all you need to know . no wonder they ' t find anyone willing to marry them . just got lucky i was too stupid to know better . " " you ' re not stupid you ' re just too kind patient and selfless . you ' re wasted on like them . they ' t have a brain cell between them . if really was possessed their t have a louse off his scalp . i myself as i . " they kept splashing water on you . i bet that did the exact opposite of what they . " his chuckle like a bubbling kettle . " if our ' t on the line yea i would ' found it quite refreshing . " i studied his and my smile faded . is it still hard for you living on land ? yes but after i met you it worth it . " you said you used to hunt in the . you eat land ? " " we ' re natural and we eat anything . i also ate in greasy when i was the female human . i thought i human food but then i met you and had my first ever home meal . it was a welcome change . " " that was the first time " " me . " i at a thought . if you were when i got pregnant t this baby be his ? the we adopt is added to all our except the reproductive or else each generation will end up with a mishmash of all the adopted of the previous . oh . how many can you have ? there t really a limit but the more you adopt the higher the probability of transformation . twenty s our average . " " do you have twenty ? " " no . i have six aquatic species the female human a coyote in case anyone saw me in the and . i sat up curious . can i see them ? the land ? he . sure . he stood up and fur from his skin as he bent over and into a large coyote . i d never seen one before and i t help but shy away at its size despite its unthreatening posture . he then into the woman and i felt a twinge of sorrow knowing he found her dead in the ocean . why s she bald ? " i . because . . . those ' t in . but her hair did grow when i lived as her for a while . so did ' s . i was glad i t like it when he shaved his head . " i . " if you had a scar or amputation does your self have that too ? " " yes but we have regenerative so t permanent . can you turn into a giant baby ? no but i be what the baby will look like when it s my age . " can you turn into a giant bug ? " " yes . " " a plant ? " " no . " he gave me an eager smile as he for further but although i had many i silent in thought . should i transform into ? he hesitant . no . i don t want to see him ever again . you can go back to your own self . he did and sat beside me . do you have anything else you d like to ask ? i his hand and turned it around in mine running my over his as i tried to come to with my new reality . i could understand why he was afraid to tell me what he was but he ' t have pretended to be my husband to get me to carry his child . he had multiple to fulfill his goal and although he chose to remain to live with me and although he was respectful and my company he ' t have me . then again i made questionable too . i sensed something was off yet i chose to live the fantasy instead of my . my belly beneath our settling my confused . my old life ' t exist and i ' t miss it . the baby was what now and that a surge of forgiveness and serenity . i ' s remorse i admired his stance against his government i with his i felt his vulnerability i understood his loneliness and i his previous treatment and his current transparency and absolute trust . i at him . i want to see your cave . really ? yes . if we re going to raise a family together i want you and the to be comfortable . i can live anywhere . his voice gravelly and tight . can i hug you ? i and he me close as he whispered thank you . my head under his chin as i hooked my arms around his neck and i raised my in surprise . why do you have two ? because i have two hearts two circulatory . he softly my head against his chest . this is the bigger heart for the blood . he back and my hand to the base of his skull . the smaller heart is here beneath the cerebellum . it ' s for the transference fluid . " did you have two hearts as ? " " yes i always do . but they ' re in sync when we ' re in a state . " " that ' s two hearts more than he had . " i listening to their polyrhythmic beat . " what are we going to do about his ? " " i piled their remains in ' s truck and drove them to his house before i set it on fire . i don ' t think anyone will suspect anything other than three drunk got careless smoking . randy ' s car is under ' s name so i left it here in case you and i went our separate ways . " he was ready to let me go despite what i knew and absolute contentment washed over me as i in his safe embrace . " a second car can come in handy just wish it ' t randy ' s tin can . " he . after a day of indigestion hormonal mood relentless baby and funeral for s we woke up the next morning ready to go on our road trip . into the woman and we got in s truck and made the two hour journey to the cave . after parking in the he carried me up jagged and through narrow until we an unexpected space that to stretch on forever . my mouth open as my around trying to take in the incredible view . the of the cave dipped and their natural pattern towards the high ceiling where haphazard sunlight to stream through . the illuminated the crystal clear of a vast lake the gentle sending mesmeric across the slate grey rock surrounding us . me down on a ledge . do you like it ? it s . i love it . he . i set it up for myself underwater but i set it up for you up here . it won t take long maybe a few days and we can move in . and you don t have to stay here . you can go anywhere you like and even have your own house and job out there . whatever you want i support you . the lake to be calling me . i want you to teach me how to swim . of course . we took off our clothes and he into his original self before he carried me into the cool silky water . i on to him tight my heart thudding in excitement . i t the only one excited as the baby stirring her rhythmic and gentle as opposed to her hungry unruly . she s happy i said smiling . she s in her element . " " the baby ? " " yes . i don t know how but i can sense her . is this what your feel when they ' re pregnant ? his and he his head against mine . yes . what should we name her ? whatever you like . i thought for a few . do you like the name ? it s beautiful what does it mean ? i don t know but it s the name of the princess in the princess and the frog . he blinking then he . i love it . he set me down and i the coarse rock with my as he taught me the of floating treading and not . he was a lot more graceful than he was on land and it was enchanting to watch . he then my and me into and i as i my to stay afloat . you re a natural ! he said . it s amazing feeling so light ! my back really this . we can come here as often as you like . and if you want i think we should prepare for a water birth since you ' re due any day now . what ' s that ? i as we swam to a shallow area . he sat on a ledge in the water and me onto his lap holding me close . it s like a regular birth but in water . our young are more than yours but we never give birth on land . have done water so it should be alright . " i m ready to do anything to make sure s safe and healthy . is there anything else i should know ? what she look like ? " " i don ' t know . our are dominant in but i have no idea reproductively . our young look like me but more compact with no or teeth . they ' re also covered in fine hair . . . perhaps like peach fuzz ? but they shed that layer within the first week . " he put a gentle hand on my stomach . " your baby bump is bigger than our kind ' s though so i don ' t know how different she ' be . " i put my hand over his . " how do i care for her ? will she nurse ? " " yes but you don ' t have to do it . i ' got a stockpile of substitute milk here and we can take turns feeding her . " " why can ' t i nurse her ? " " you can but if she ' s anything like our young she ' be even more demanding than she is now . they ' re always hungry and will grow to twice their size in the first two before they wean . " " oh . " i my as s getting impatient . speaking of we re craving something . what is it ? i don t know i never tasted it . i just know and i want it . i turned to him . if you live in water why have we been craving raw meat instead of fish ? i m not sure . are by the baby s needs for protein iron fat and so on . they can be overwhelming and our pregnant just go wild hunting sea and . but our baby is half human . also you never tried seal sea lion or walrus before so you t really know to crave it . maybe that s what i m craving now that taste i don t know . maybe the water made get in touch with her father s side and she s craving seal or walrus . then i try to find one for you . don t break into a zoo . he . i find us an alternative . two days after our visit to s cave he me while on a grocery run . they re in town he said in a rushed whisper . i sat up at the panic in his voice . the government after you ? yes five of them . i t think they d come this far inland . did they track your unique smell thing ? no . it s not really like a scent that and can be . it s perhaps more like an aura ? i don t know how to explain it . i don ' t think they know i ' m here yet . they must been the continent over the past three looking for me and i ' d seek out human interaction . what are you going to do ? i m not coming home i don t want them finding you if they end up me and follow . i m going to dodge them and go to the cave . do you remember where it is ? can you meet me there ? yes . i drive randy s car right over . please be careful . i m going to get rid of my phone in case they catch me so they don t find out about you . oh ! my pulse . what is it ? ? i m he whispered . i m looking for a venomous creature with an exoskeleton to adopt for protection . why can t you use the coyote ? it was scary . it s also easy to kill . i need armor . some of the we have can liquefy you . " liquefy ! get a gun ! " " we have repellent for exploration and battle and i ' m certain they ' d be wearing them under the army they ' got on . " be careful please . it s one thing to die fighting but another to die from a spider bite because you were stupid . he a tight sad chuckle . i love you so much . i ' m so sorry . " i love you too and i see you in two ? stay safe ! you too . i hung up and to the closet where i to put on a pair of suitable for the cave . after a detour to the bathroom i to the kitchen to get for the two hour drive and a scream from my throat when the front door open and a net was thrown over me sending me tumbling to the ground . i up in horror to see a group of five men in army one of them dragging me to the side while the searching the house . these must be the five after and my heart sank as i how they found me . their raid had to mean they thought was here and i was glad he to dodge them but my relief was short lived . said had an " " he could sense which meant they could too . according to her existence was wrong in their and i was an enemy and my only thought right now was her and my survival . after tearing the house apart they surrounded me and i curled up to shield my baby bump as i their identical with dread . they must have adopted the same man . none of them to have learned facial or body language though and i as i felt like i was surrounded by . one of them crouched next to me and for my belly and my in as i tried to knee him and push his hand away . two other men squatted down one my arms and pinning them against my chest while the other my and i twisted and strained as the first man for my exposed stomach again . no please don t hurt my baby ! he lay his hand on top pressing the netting against my flesh . where ' s the father ? i ' t giving up but i ' t know how to reply . afraid of saying the wrong thing and and myself in jeopardy i silent as i continued to struggle . he down harder his digging in . where ' s the father ? i crying out " i don ' t know ! i don ' t know ! " " when will he come home ? " " i don ' t know ! " he out my phone and i now wished i had a . " tell us an alternate method of him that ' t lead to . " " there ' t one ! " " he knew we were close " one of the standing men said to the rest . " he abandoned everything and ran . she ' s useless . " " wait " the second standing man said . he stripped before transforming into his original self looking almost identical to except for the and thinner . i kept my glued to him trembling as i what he was going to do next . the man gripping my baby bump studied me . " she no shock . he told her the truth about himself . about us . she ' s not only a bearer . " " he bonded with a human ? " the man pinning my arms . their monotone and blank left me lost . i ' t tell if they were disgusted or nor could i figure out what this meant for and me . " this is good " the man holding my said . " he won ' t abandon his unit . he ' come . " " he won ' t come he we ' re here " the standing man who was still human said . " she ' s aware of our existence and the unborn is a crime . he their fate at our . he won ' t risk his freedom a condemned second rate unit . " why are you certain he we ' re here ? because he ' s not in town and he ' s abandoned all of communication despite a female carrying his child . " perhaps he set an evacuation plan . " the man my stomach to check my phone . " his last call was nine before we at this house . " he at me . " what did he tell you ? " " n nothing " i . " he ' s a fugitive he must be . what did he tell you ? " " p please . . . leave us alone . we ' t hurting anyone . " the standing man who was still human his foot to stomp on my stomach and i strained against those holding me as i no ! no please ! the man who had into his original self the aggressor and him back but i t feel relief as beneath my racing heart . i writhed gasping as pain seared through my abdomen and warmth between my and my pleading between the men ' s emotionless as i felt helpless and alone . " what did the father tell you ? " one taking advantage of my desperate state . i ' t speak my in broken at the and hopelessness . the man who had into his original self said something in his language before he clawed through the net and carried me . i but i was in too much pain to protest as he took me to the bathroom lay me down in the tub and plugged it up before turning on the faucet . the other men in after us like uncanny of each other but he them out before locking the door . i eyed him with apprehension as he next to me and i his hand away with a strained cry when he for my clothes . you ' re going into labor . i ' given birth before i can help you . i at her unexpected revelation but a vicious pang stole my breath and i and back nodding . she removed my clothes folded a towel behind my head and turned off the faucet once the water level my stomach . she my and gave me advice as my body with every jolt of pain and down my face as i wished was with me instead . after an half hour of straining puffing and screaming came into the world . i in awe through my sweat and as she in the turbid water between my . i my trembling towards her but i back in surprise when she swam up to me and the surface . high out of her searching mouth as she towards my chest with aggressive and my took over as i her and tried to help her nurse . she t know how to latch and the woman studied us for a few before she spoke over ' s hungry . " we have different . lie back and position her like this . it be easier . thank you i whispered while the woman cut the umbilical cord with her . i my beautiful baby ' s head as she at me with her dark glossy her tiny kneading me as she her two drumming out of step . was right about his being dominant she just like him . yet along with the soft peach fuzz covering her body there were longer of actual hair on her head . she also had a little nose and a faint brow ridge . the woman broke my reverie as she " what did the father tell you when he ? " i up at her . " what are you going to do to and me ? " " if you you and your daughter won ' t suffer . what did the father tell you ? " fear with my determination as i tight . why can t you just banish him with us out here ? the sentence should match the crime and what you ' re suggesting won ' t be punishment . he t commit a crime he uncovered one . " his have led to and disorder . she pointed to me . " and he revealed our existence to the enemy and had a child outside of his species . " " none of this would if your government t evil . and what s done is done killing him won ' t change anything . emulation must be . we ' t hurting anyone we just want to live in peace . please . his own that possibility for himself and for you . what did he " she sat up and turned towards the door and within a second she ' d left the bathroom and locked me in . confused but not this chance go to waste i out of the tub wrapped in a towel got dressed and on the toilet to pry open the small window above it . s against the as i and strained the stubborn frame grinding with every desperate one of my as i fought through my pain and fatigue . the bathroom door open and i abandoned the hopeless mission as i down and for . pressing her to my chest i flung myself into a corner and a hairbrush like a weapon ready to fight tooth and nail for my daughter . shock my resolve when i saw the enormous scorpion that had backwards into the sink inky liquid from where its left claw would be . the scorpion was terrifying its claw snapping and its stinger striking as it fought the woman and her long weapon but she was determined as she for a weakness on its body and deflected its with speed and skill . ' s phone call i hurled the hairbrush at her afraid she ' d end up him . it struck her in the eye and that distraction was all to trip her and bury his giant stinger in her chest coating the with a spray of black as its tip from her back . she lifeless to the floor and his slipped on the blood as he whipped around to face us . i at him in gratitude and concern as his exoskeleton and the claw tail and excess into his body . he against the wall and slid to the ground panting as he his wound tight and up at us with relief . oh no ! i ran over in horror and skidded beside him on my . your hand your eye don ' t worry they ' grow back " he said his voice weak . " are you and ? yes but you ' t . we need to do something you re bleeding out . i our daughter in his intact arm and got to work cleaning and wrapping his wrist stump and he at her with warmth and a soft smile as she his chest with hungry . she s beautiful he whispered before he turned to me regret flashing across his eye . " i m so sorry this . i m so sorry i t with you for her birth . i ' m so sorry you had to see me do . . . that . he towards the dead woman . you just saved our . you were amazing how d you even know ? i the at the gas station talking about how they out to a soldier looking for people whose behavior . when i rushed over and saw randy ' s car still here i was ready to fight with everything i had . if they you i ' d have nothing to live for . what are we going to do now ? i tending to his eye . we have to get rid of the and move to the cave before they send after us . whatever s missing we can get later . are you with that ? more than . i rolled up my and . let s go . finished setting up the dining room table a silence fell over my family . jenny stopped laughing and closed her coloring book . she was young but understood the . she down to the basement and my dad locked the door behind her . the food would be out soon and we t want to tempt her . i over to the dining room and for the food to be out . i was never sure where they kept it . i just knew that they went out of the sliding door and came back in that way with food . the food smelled wonderful . it always did . as we sat down i watched my mother out the food . she so calm and normal . i could hardly believe all the research i did . if it t come from my best friend i t believe it either . my were my sister . i the food around on my plate wondering how much i could push into my napkin without them . i put a few in my mouth and slowly . my sister was slowly eating her food . she t very curious about jenny . she d stopped a few ago . when jenny was i was nine and always why no one gave her food . she can t eat ever my had . why ? i had . because your sister is special . my had said . looking back i gave up too easily . i never enough . jenny was never hungry . even when i her she said she t hungry . as a baby i d never seen her eat either . she never cried either . a fourth of my plate was already on my napkin . it was probably as much as i could sneak off with . my usually took our and through the rest of the food down the garbage disposal . they mixed soap in with it . they also checked our . no one had ever tried to sneak her food . we d everything our had ever said . i slipped the napkin into my pocket . they probably t pad us down today . they had yesterday . it was rare now for them to check us . my mother took my plate and the food into the disposal . we usually all lined up like little sheep to turn our food in . my dad me in the cheek as i away . an hour after dinner and cleanup jenny was upstairs again . we t talk about dinner with her . we just like nothing had . my sat on opposite sides of the watching every move we made . today my was a little more distracted . she someone every few . jenny was with her . she was sweet and innocent . the second to me that my family t normal and probably doing something terrible i felt bile rise in my throat . at ten we were all in bed . my were also in bed . my phone . it was . she was ready with the plan . soon her car alarm was going off outside our house . the me as my made their way downstairs . i behind dipping into their room first . they d have spare and they did . i every key i saw . the door to the basement where jenny slept was locked . i tried each key trembling until one finally fit . there waste only a few but it was enough for now . they d go to the police soon . they just evidence . i slipped in just before my came in . the alarm was done . as i down the dark my phone light led the way . jenny was at the bottom of the in her bed . i over to her and shook her gently . she was confused but awake . what s going on ? she said groggily . i said and brought some out of the napkin . i rolled some into her mouth . she them slowly not sure what it was . i m not supposed to eat jenny said . i felt forming in my . you have to . she the and no different . she just up at me . i kept feeding her until it was done . she went back to bed and i stayed with us . i took pic yes and video . i got all the evidence i . i her cry a little behind me . she was . her face as she kept . black sludge came out of her mouth . she wretched and a tiny light blinked in the . jenny are you ? my said . a baby monitor . my heart . i m jenny said but the sludge kept coming out of her mouth . my rushed downstairs and when she saw me she and angry . you fed her ! she . i more coming down it must have been my dad . i wished i could disappear as they rushed over and jenny . she cried after an hour of . after two i felt myself leave my baby . her face was red and filled with . by the time the morning came i was too to ask . jenny was no longer crying . the sludge was done . when we upstairs in the morning my turned to me and said two i never forget . never do that again . your sister is not like us . ? i . get into bed . she instructed . breakfast went like it always did . jenny locked downstairs and everyone else eating upstairs . i clean up the and dispose of all the food . my grandmother away last month but nobody found her corpse until a week ago . of living out in the i suppose . my uncle t believe it he d been driving her and once a month and according to the coroner s report she d a day after he d left . what are the ? to hear him tell it she was just fine when he d driven away too . spry as she d ever been . she was even getting her own water from the river and doing a bit of fishing on the side . and then poof . deceased . griff her golden retriever was gone now too . my uncle thought he probably took off after realizing grandma t waking up maybe got hungry and went off chasing in the or something . my uncle about and griff ' s name for after he ' d found grandma looking in all his usual but had no luck . my opinion ? griff probably got as far away as he could . after the funeral my brother and i to come up and help our uncle clean up her . or at least my brother did and i got guilt along for the ride . apparently she left the cabin to the two of us in her will . split custody not that either of us it . we d more than had our fill of out there . that said it was a nice day to tidy up a dead woman s . the summer sun shone bright and there t so much as a cloud in the sky . overhead between the towering pine flitting around the cabin s small clearing while they sang their . i m bring this stuff down the mountain and head in for the night uncle jake said to his pick up truck full of grandma s furniture . you two take off soon ? or spend the night ? he like the spitting image of a mountain man standing there with his tree trunk arms and red flannel shirt . the beard was the cherry on top . we be heading out soon i said . don t worry about us the car got us up here just fine it get us back down . uncle jake was suspicious of any vehicle that t have a cargo bed . sure thing . take it easy now . he hopped into the cab of the pickup and the door with a metal clang . a moment later the engine turned over and the mountain air was with the thick smell of diesel and rust . with a rumble the truck rolled out of the cabin s dirt driveway bobbed down the makeshift road and to the faint of ' s thunderstruck . stay the night my brother eric said snickering . as if we d spend a night in this hellhole . eric was tall and lanky poor of eyesight and blindingly pale . he his thick glasses from his face and the clean on his marvel t shirt . i say we finish these last couple and follow him down . he up through the pine overhead where the sun was beginning its slow descent into the evening . we re a few from dark yet but i be from these when the go out . he shot me a knowing wink . i up the wooden porch and the thick door open . then stop looking at your phone every five and help me get this done . i stepped inside leaving the door to swing in the breeze . help me get this done he repeated in a tone following me inside . i m just trying to get in touch with dad . he still t my . maybe that s because we don t have any service out here . i meant since the funeral . the dude s been a total recluse since . yeah well i could care less . the guy ' s a complete anyway . i crouched down in front of a bookshelf and out dusty filling my arms with as many as i could manage . he s still our dad " eric . " now that grandma s dead it s only a matter of time before it s just the two of us . and can we be honest ? uncle jake s a few whisky shy from dead himself . he squatted down beside me and plucked some from the shelf . it d be nice not to burn every bridge in this family . can t burn a bridge that never in the first place can you ? i stood up and to the by the window then the in carelessly wanting to be done with this as soon as possible . the longer i spent here the more the to come crawling back . do you ever think about what ? eric coming up from behind me and gently his in the box . he at my mess and them neatly . " no . " " really ? " eric ' t sound convinced . " i think about it almost every day . it was horrible . " i t say anything . instead i back to the bookshelf and another armful of then back to the box and them in . hey ! eric said . listen jackass you could at least have a little courtesy . " he to the he was inside neat and tidily with their facing upward . one of them was of the . i away . see the effort i m in ? " he said . " do you really need to chuck your everywhere ? sorry man i just don t like this place . i shook my head feeling a chill wash over me . i want to finish this and go . so do i but don t you think talking could be good ? " " not really no . " i stalked toward the den . time to put some space between me and this conversation . he my arm . " please . it was twelve ago but it like a lifetime . i don t even know if i m real or just . . . in my head . " i him off but his expression was pleading . he this . " you won t talk to me about it " he . " i have no clue if what i remember even . with a sigh i down in my grandmother s rocking chair . it sat in front of her red brick fireplace now filled with only the of old . i idly thought to myself that it d probably never be used again because i on tearing this cabin down and leaving it for the . it would be better that way . i only wished i could tear down the with it . a week at this cabin had gifted me a decade of alcoholism chronic depression and a side of insomnia . it took a cocktail of prescription just to get me to sleep these days and when i did it was a coin toss whether or not i ' d experience sleep paralysis . and now eric to dig those up ? i flexed my right hand staring at the thick that wound their way across it . even now all these later i could still see the blood . smell it . taste it . my heart racing just thinking about it and i forced myself to look away . i on the hearth before me . and something caught my eye . what the hell . . . i leaning forward . it t a log it was something much smoother . the shape was all wrong though . i left the chair and knelt down sifting through the ashes and burnt timber the curious object with mounting horror . i it free brushing away of ash with my . my arm quivered . eric i said pushing the word from my mouth . " what ' s up ? " he . i . is . . . this griff ? from the other room and he came bounding in face brimming with excitement . " you found griff ? " i t say anything . i at the skull in my hand doing my best to hold back the of . my found eric ' s and i the skull aloft . what the ! he stumbling forward . he to his looking at the skull in terror . no way that s griff . no way . " he shook his head furiously . " what would he be doing in the damn fireplace ? i t know what to say . i knew there was no reason he should have been in the fireplace . none . no dog would willingly let itself burn to death . maybe it s a coyote eric reasoned tripping over his . grandma probably it and it in here so the scent ' t attract other and there s no out here you know that . i the skull and it cracked against the solid wood floor . a shudder ran through me . and it s way too small to be a wolf . eric on the verge of . griff was probably the only happy memory we had of this horrible place . why would she do that ? a thousand crossed my mind . all of them beginning and ending with one night twelve ago . i stood up from the fireplace my feeling weak and my sense of balance waning . i fell back into the rocking chair and it a welcome . alright i said quietly . i think it s time to talk about what when we were . . i am . i am old and if i remember correctly i am female . the last thing i remember is threw and when i get the stage urge to take something off my head . i woke up . . . i found a phone in a pants pocket and i shall be keeping it with me . i took a headpiece off of me . i don ' t know where i am but it exactly like my aunt ' s house but something ' t right . the door is red it was white before i went downstairs and my and aunt ' t there help me . i need help the dog ' s ' t here no one is there is something following me the only thing alive i have seen was a foot black tall creature . it to have no and its drag across the ground . what is going on ? it like my it ' s calling my name . should i go to it ? please let me wake up someone wake up i need to find other people . it seen me i must run now . where will i go ? help me wake up . should i go to my house ? my friend ' s house ? i see what is going on here . i ' m so its following me calling out to me . i want to go to it but my gut is telling me something bad will happen if i do that . i don ' t know what to do . please wake up and help me . the sky is red was it always like that ? the ' t white but black whatever you do don ' t wake up . please help . i can ' t stress this enough if i don ' t send another log in then you will know something is wrong sorry if there are spelling if you cant tell i ' m in a hurry i must find shelter i must find food and water so i don ' t die . maybe it ' s better if i did . help . this place is a nightmare i ' m running don ' t the street and there are abandoned like as soon as i got here everyone . to are left open are in the middle of the road are from people holding them . i see people on a bike . saved one moment ill update you in just a quick second . they shot me with a bow and arrow . help me it . i took off running for the i think i ' m safe now from everything i must find a place to sleep since when it turns dark i won ' t be able to see out . how do i have in a place with no one alive ? i find my house i ' m going to sleep in my bed . i know that is probably a bad idea but i must . i just have a strong urge to do so its like a video game here but . . . i feel free don ' t come here whatever you do . help me please i am begging you . where do i go from here ? this place so wrong . i see someone ! oh my god what is wrong with them ? ! they normal till i out to them and their head immediately snapped backward they have no there ' s just blood down there face like they are crying they have a smile on there face there whispering for me to come to them and help something is me to them but my gut is warning me to stay away from it like if i go to it my will no longer be my own . i decided to go around it i see more of them . i ' just keep my head down and not talk to them which to be working . if you come here don ' t look or talk to the snaps . going to be calling them the snaps . the tall man going to call the stalking mimic since it to follow you at a stalking pace . and it people i know and trust . i know they ' re not original but this ' t the time for me to be fancy . they are looking at me . something is following and it ' t the stalking mimic . it is a man in a black cloak and wearing a bunny mask . he ' t hurting me and my gut ' t saying anything about him . i knew it would maybe be a bad idea but i turned around and at him and waved . he ran at me help help . he my arm and he is the phone have the phone back he is human and he took me to the abandoned school i used to live by . he me . there are dogs in the place black that i cant trust and are either tame or feral they are by the reality . reality hunt people who broke out of the simulation . help please . i learned her name her name is . she herself one of the bunny people they are also people who took off their headset . she me to stay there since they a leader . this sounding like a cult but i did have a better chance in here than outside . i at the ground and out and then i guess i did have to agree or else it would be the death of me . tomorrow they to invite me outside to search for other people that were alive . they lead me to my bedroom in the place they lived at on the way i a bunch of empty of . i also a lot more this place me out more than anything . now my gut was screaming at me to get the hell out of there . the went up and down my spine as i into a room with no dust what so ever . i into there and the door behind me this place ' t fit right with me . god it made me want to throw up right on the spot . the bed had white dust all over it that was weird for a spotless room . my gut ' t like any of this please tell me this just a dream i ' wake up from ! i out and fell asleep but my ' t pleasant . i woke up in a dark hallway and just blamed it on my sleepwalking but i also knew i was . i down to a blackish red door . i through it to a room lit only by and fire . i continued walking down the hallway and a purely red door with black all over it . what the hell is this dream ? i did proceed in and i wished i ' t . there were people in black standing around a table and in you it bunny . there was a normal person on the table who ' t wearing a bunny mask . they were screaming out for help but i just stood there in fear and terror as i watched bring up the knife above the person ' s neck . then down without a second throat and the were with the loud gurgling of the blood coming out of there neck while their body tried to give it air but their were filling with blood and they were dead . and then they slowly turning into dust . my went wide as then rolled back and i to the ground . i woke up in a gasp and immediately ran to the trash can and threw up into it . i got all of the " dust " off me as came into the room if i had a bad dream . i did nod and i to her about the room . and her smile i guess this is the end for now but i will keep you about what but i guess my gut feeling is just get worse . i had only ever seen the one room in his elliptical two story mansion . one room and a windy gravelly driveway that led to the uphill property that sat off a narrow pine road . being an area of the state that was tinged with an askew oddness it was a stretch of land that just felt different partially because it was what one would call in the middle of nowhere . i had always what the rest of his sprawling estate like but he was right to never offer me a tour . it was important to keep our relationship white collar . well which of your would you say is the most important to you ? he spoke in his characteristically relaxed voice . every time we met i t help but notice our . while able to fashion himself a distinct character when he was in that chair he eternally . he could been that comedic face in that everyone just . on the other hand i felt endlessly rigid as if i t experienced a moment of calm in . he always sat up straight one leg on the other elbow on an arm of his chair and scribbling probably just in his notebook . he ' t objectively attractive yet had an almost godly image about him . his office said otherwise . with pale pink and brown it could have doubled as a junk drawer . shadow and were stuffed with polished and . he had said that the were supposed to help me express my inner self . it to me that he just watching grown play with . the most important friendship throughout my entire life ? i for clarity . he . well i d probably have to say . he was my best friend throughout . ours was the relationship i ever had . he never used always stayed away from . we apart when i . yet he was still always there for me . i took from him and t hold up my end of the relationship . then . . . tragedy . in his life . and i t there for him . i was a bad friend a really bad friend . " well maybe that s the friend you should reconnect with first . it you have a lot that you could release by talking to him empty out some of that bag of yours . no i t . i have too much stress around him . i don t have the emotional capacity to do that right now . i would have to try to reconnect with him last . he stopped drawing and closed his notebook looking me in the eye . can i make a suggestion ? i his emblematic nod . you don t have to do it in person . not yet his smirk told me that he was about to give his favorite piece of advice . you could write him a letter . usually in these i have people write with of and . though it t seem like you have any in to your relationship only and . so why don t you write a letter with those two and send it to him ? like i said it could help empty out that black bag of yours . and it might even give him something positive . and then you could think about your friendship some time in the future . i told him it like a great idea that i would get right on it . at the same time i was convincing myself not to . he at the clock we had just about the hour . say you been coming in for a while now . to me we been through just about everything you lately . over the last few sessions we kind of been going in don ' t you think ? how would you feel about taking a few off before meeting again ? i was a bit by this . going in ? no we haven t i . take a few off ? what therapist would offer to forgo an extra a week ? then i the house we were in . there was no way psychotherapy could afford it . he must have had extra income . plus i don t like being here anyway . i m just here because i have to be . i told him that it like a good idea . hey i don ' t think i ' ever . want to get a tour of the place ? i think it s about time . he had an easy grin that just genuine enough to convince . sure can join ? she s sitting in the car waiting for me yep i had back in with . and my car was in the shop that week so she had to do all the driving . divine was her heart for waiting in her own car for me with nothing but her radio to drain the time just days before we had turned off our " data . i down the sloped walkway to the car and if she a mansion tour . i just want a tour of the golf course " she and . it s only four " he noted as he was up from behind me . " still i admire a woman who to hit the links . i was starting to dislike his gleaming smile that my into a gut laugh . damned are those who can make someone laugh just by to make a joke . he was charming i ' admit that . hence i can t blame for being so amused . i if this was the first time they had met each other . i took a step back as he returned her laugh and up to the car his stuffed in his . while they struck up a conversation through the window i my s rufus . i him one of the i hoped t start dating my therapist . he i was still there and swiveled . hey why don t you go back in and talk to my ? they re your age and probably just hanging out outside my office . i have your park in the garage and show her to the fairway . my name s in case you were wondering she her . she t take her off him yuck . he got in s car they off and i back to his office . once inside i past the childish i ' t knock one down and release a old curse . i a door i had only ever before seen shut and found myself on a spacious upper floor balcony . down to the first level i the most extravagant kitchen i d ever seen . to my left an open staircase led downstairs and me to follow . with no one else in sight i gave into the compulsion he had me on a tour anyway . i was by the sheer massiveness of the room . a profusion of fruit bowls all seemingly picked fresh decorated each individual section of the kitchen . each region either to a certain meal of the day or a certain course of said meal . instead of an island in the center was an oversized lazy lined with a stockade of industrial . i up my phone and took a picture i had never seen anything like it . the were painted a soft lime green the vomit kind . on the other side of the room the kitchen into a living area . a few coffee tables and a fireplace set a rustic tone to the backdrop of mahogany . even further than the living room a gray painted wall faced me with a single closed door . if they indeed do say there s a first for everything well that was my first pirouette as i took in the overload of that to seem well fit into the enormous oblong room . outside the kitchen i that the rest of the floor was lined with all shut . it was impossible not to notice that above and between them was an unmistakable omission of . when i up i that the upper level to be color divided into four different green blue red and orange each showing three more shut . then the echo of laughter into my surroundings . one of the in the living area and five young stepped out no more than apart as they yapped in their group . though they froze when they saw me standing awkwardly close to the fruit bowls as if admiring them . i was . go ahead and grab one . they re fresh . one of the men stepped forward as the stayed behind . i feeling the deep welling of discomfort against the fruit . ' of food " a well worn in many fantasy horror the man . " is that so ? " the crack in my voice ' t have been more obvious . there s always a ton of delicious looking in a home where something is then eaten . and it ' s usually not the food . " he . i t make a good hansel . i m too skinny i . he stepped closer and his hand on my shoulder . well he s always skinny at the start of the story t he ? " " i suppose so but he ' s been lost in the . would we expect him not to be ? " i ' t know what my point was in trying to humor him . " dad me to show you around the place . the man backwards and up his phone . he jittery . there was an unsettled air breeding . the unshakable creepiness of the man ' t help . i decided to check in with but when i checked my emptiness . i had left my phone in the car . actually can i drop by the garage first ? i have to grab something . sure go ahead . the man pointed to the far end of the room to the mysterious door on the gray wall . we wait here . no typical as i past the group of who sat on the and amongst themselves their glued to their like a embrace . opening the door to the garage was like stepping into concrete . it was a full dress parking garage with one level below me and at least one more above . in front of me several people were mid step from . they heading toward me . in the distance was a view of the extending property . numerous smaller were strewn over a long grassy lawn . linked a tennis court to to barbecue and yonder was the golf course . i eyed a line of golf the first hole but no sign of . i the reverb of a shutting car door then another . people trickling down the ramp from the upper level some more climbing from under . were rolling up parking on the second level . people stepped out trailing past me and to the door from which i came . i one what everyone was doing here . the party t that why you re here ? she raised an eyebrow me . i told her i was . quickly filling with people i the second level for the beige no luck . all the while more to pour in people excitedly making their way inside . on the first floor i finally found it . the door was open so i for my phone and my straight to . i saw that i was close to the exit and considered walking the property to find her . though all the action to be happening inside so i figured my best option would be to go back . before i closed the car door i the resting in the ignition . i them before making my way inside . the first floor was now bustling . the accumulation of people somehow made the place look bigger . the were dimmed and the fireplace a makeshift bar had up in the kitchen . the arrangement of once shut were now all wide open . it was hard to get a glimpse inside any of them as they were stuffed with and . as i made my way through the crowd all i could see was that in each room something was being . those who t going to and fro each room to utterly ignore them . in hand a plethora of people were chatting amongst themselves and dancing to the rhythmic music that in the background . still no sign of and the sea of the candid set in of claustrophobia . so i decided to find a place where i could catch my breath . i might as well go to the only other place i know i decided . though looking up to the second floor i t remember where the office was . heading in my direction with a wooden beam over his shoulder i one of the i had met before . i waved him down . hey sorry we t able to give you a tour . we had to start setting up . his auto apology was hardly convincing . where s your dad s office again ? i need to drop by there . the middle door in the green wing . he pointed with his free hand giving me a look . i him . as i toward the i lost a half smile at the thought of him calling it a wing . ah of rich people . the second floor was mostly empty save a few settled on the . but as soon as i the office door i was by loud dance music and a hearty stock of . all the furniture and had been the room being used as a crowded dance floor . i had somehow to find the real party . as i stepped inside i someone . out the corner of my eye staring me down was . who i t seen in eight was less than a foot away from me . what s he doing here ? what s he even doing in town ? the last i had he was living the next state over currently in school . how did he know this family ? tell me we don t share a therapist . i only let the kiss my mind for a moment . out of everything that that night this is the most vivid memory probably because i suppressed the of terror that just thereafter . or perhaps because seeing there was the first real shock of the night . i could have picked a more appropriate reaction but all i could muster was a toss up of my arms yelling his name loud enough for everyone to hear even over the booming music . he half heartedly my greeting but his arms gracelessly . i went in for a hug . he hey man . it s been so long . what are you doing here ? well i i went into autopilot losing perception of the conversation only able to notice the still creeping sense of unease . no time to keep talking i had to leave . i used my partial lie and said i had to go drop by the garage . i have his number i catch up with him later and explain . now i have to focus on finding and getting out . once more i had left and the room . the second floor was now . in hand the were in full revelry . there must have been at least three hundred people present . i made my way to the balcony and that inside the tiny the had stopped . scattered surrounded strange they almost like . before i could make another move the shut in unison . an alarm went off ringing off the and the party . the got . some people froze some . from elsewhere on the first floor a blood cry . the music stopped . from my spot i t see the point of origin but a ripple the lower crowd . were from an area that must have been right below me . on the other side of the balcony a woman shook and pointed . there s some kind of thing she declared . the iced look of fear on her face as well as the screech and racket from below gave her statement all the credibility it . that ' s when i saw it . a ferocious creature an abomination against god through the crowd those who fell in its way . it those in its reach them in of rage . dread sunk down my spine as the beast targeted people to eat . it bit their off or them from their . i snapped to reality both were in chaos . were trying to force open that were shut tight . i turned to the one i had just come from locked music still inside . i down to the first floor seeing that the beast had made its way to the garage entrance now guarding it . that must have been the only escape and the aberration somehow knew . some were making furious to get past the beast . no one . more were thrown to the floor . i in on the desperate racing my instinct told me to keep moving . i saw the group i had met before on a couch and quietly . as i got closer i one of them pitching a safe place to hide . as i for air i frantically if i could join . they took a moment to assess to consider . we don t know you well enough . the horror buff i had met before the rejection . fine i . i t want to argue . i had to save my energy for finding . i should have them if they had seen her but my told me to take off . i drew my phone while running with the frenzied crowd no service . i took a moment to pause and found myself being toward the of the mob at me like they were falling down a cliff and i was a branch sticking out the side . those climbing up the took turns me down to the first floor . i landed falling to my i braced myself and to be . through the of my covered i could see my trembling and one cage housing door that had been left open a path of gore and carnage trailing from it . people parted around me like rushing water past a set boulder . i tried to find my footing but my felt weak . then the . the screaming . people stopped moving to examine their surroundings . the room was now in a standstill . the anomaly had used furniture to barricade the garage entrance . it had stopped tearing through those who were trying to get past it and just sat calmly . it was breathing heavily as if asleep . blood and food all over the place . and a booming voice over an intercom . you have all made it past round one . the next round in . there were some confused among the as the rushing up again . now were people saving their energy . some were various to use as makeshift broken stray of wood . i up to the second floor and saw him . he was hand in hand with unlocking a door in the red area i hoped it was a safe room . i up but was out by the next alarm . then two open out rushing unspeakable indescribable impossible that continued the reign of horror the first one had . dead center between me and the horrid was the enormous lazy like vessel of . i thought that if i could ably squeeze into the center i might be safe . i over and to force myself between the two nearest food . i had found safety for now but the crowd had the lazy spinning . through the i caught only of the happening around me being out of by flying wraith like ill fated by the envelopment of a steaming anaconda . as death the floor a wall of my fortress fell and left me as wide open prey . without a moment to bide i dove for cover under a nearby table . from there i could see some had to kill the first evil and were making progress the barrier . when i could i from cover to cover trying not to succumb to the fright . when the current round of back to their the intercom the of the second round . there were only of left . thankfully i was one of them . many were to shock some like me were in fear . the barricade to the door had been undone . i was close enough . i drew a breath to gather courage and for the parking garage . i burst through the door and made it to the parking garage but my trial t over . i was by fire destruction ruin the garage was in total disarray . were piled on top of each other blocking any conceivable path . unconscious the and lined the floor . something had stopped the from leaving . an explosion came from the upper level and sent down of glass . a tire rolled down the ramp . outside i saw armed posted on the various . their were tipped with flaming . are they us ? i . i one person speeding across the property . he caught the attention of an archer who turned and immediately struck him down . they re not protecting us they re stopping us from leaving . i bent down to look under the . there were enough off the ground that i could probably crawl under them . just maybe i could make my way to the . i could feel the digging into my leg but i my to make sure they were there . i ' t see any other of life as i to the first floor the fragmented as cover . the must have not me . if they had they were just waiting for me to emerge and provide them an easier target . if i and i could hear the faint roar of the third round inside . i could only imagine what vile had been unleashed from the next set of what warped now the mansion . and from what i could tell no one else had made it out behind me . growing closer i could see faint of the . now the car between it and me was my way . i decided to risk standing up i only had to make a few more to reach my mode of escape . as soon as i poked my head into the smoky air i saw that my freedom had been as well . i had to assess my other quickly . i knew i could head back toward the house in that the slaughter before i reach it . i could make a run for it maybe aim for a golf cart and hope i don ' t end up like the other guy . yet i could stay hidden amongst the until it s safe . that had so far worked for me . nevertheless i was feeling dizzy . i could hardly bear the stress . again my into gear only this time against my sake . i stood threw up my arms and took a deep breath a moment of peace before the would notice me . and if they somehow t maybe a moment of invincibility . i was giving up . . . . . . i the vague buzzing of a vehicle it was coming from outside . i my and the line of golf i had seen in front of the course . one was missing . i to face the direction of the approaching sound . in front of the exit not more than thirty away from me a golf cart to a halt . it was tight with daring most armed with they must have found a stockpile . the footway to the cart was clear my ex had . get in the driver ordered . i made a beeline for the golf cart and vaulted on barely able to grab hold of the back bumper . the turned to position just as the cart took off down the trail . i could feel the heat of the lit buzzing past as the shot in the other direction . with a thud one archer fell to the ground . the cart through the property darting toward the road courageously past the . the driver had a blood spotted wrench sticking out of his pocket . he must have removed the speed governor as the cart was at a swift per hour holding steady . i felt a flare a crunch one of the had been hit with a flaming arrow and flew off the cart . on holding on i out to catch either her or her rifle . all i caught was heat as she seared through the air . the sight of the street was as of with sizzling . then i a hideous panting . looking behind a vicious hellhound . was bolting toward us . there s something coming i to the crew . busy firing at the a a pistol from his pocket and it to me then a fresh magazine . i the slide as the spawn way . the old magazine from the handgun and bounded from the cart . the hound its head and it mid air crushing it with its massive jaw . i clipped in the fresh magazine and the safety aiming while the demonic mutt up on the cart it was now in point blank range . two took it down . as it tumbled to its side an ethereal smoke from the wounds . when it landed it almost to melt into the earth . we were coming up on the road most of us in one piece when i caught a glimpse of one final shack we had to pass . through its open five were together drawn . as we got closer i could see it was the of my demon therapist . they t fire . instead they just stood there gazing at us as we drove past . maybe it was because they saw me or someone else on the cart they to see survive . maybe it was something else . with a violent turn the golf cart skidded onto the road . the driver and the other their into the air . the couple gunless and . everyone cheered . then silence . as we rode toward town the adrenaline wore off . the shock must have sunk in for all of us . not a hand on a phone nor a mention of the police . the did not let out a sound beside the occasional of an expletive or two . i remember briefly making eye contact with someone the woman who i had met in the garage . she had made it . as we the highway were given to the driver . we t stopped for lumbering down the highway no one as they almost drove us over . come to think of it i don t remember seeing anyone at all not a car nor soul as the driver everyone at their respective . when we eventually up to my house the sky was black . the driver told me he was going to call the police and i do the same . no i think i m going to just sit in my home and wallow in the wake of just a the size of an entire social circle i internally . i for him to come inside but he said he to go home . understandable . i stood on the edge of my driveway as i saw him turn off to the main road . not a light on in a house not any sign of life whatsoever . still in the empty void of my typically lively neighborhood i felt safe . after what felt like an age of struggle i finally got my key into the lock of my door . i inside and on the couch . for a good five i let my mind go blank listening to the steady ticking of a clock i ' t know i had . a remote was waiting for me . i turned on the television . a dancing competition . if they say there s a first for everything i can say that this was the first time i d been genuinely elated to see a dancing competition . for just a moment i could pretend to ignore what had just not from my home . i turned my focus to my deep as the cha cha cha d across the . my finger over the channel changer but i decided to keep watching . i sank in my chair felt the presence of my body then it for evidence of what i had just been through . there were none but that was fine . i was sure i t the only who could provide proof of the dreadful massacre . then the show to feedback . an emergency news program onto the screen . the anchor had her finger against her earpiece . she tried to keep her from and by stammering w we have a report that just came in of a horror at a rural estate . a confirmed source us of at least dead the broadcast was interrupted by more feedback . i forward . a shrouded face over a dark red backdrop the screen . when its mouth i the same voice i had over the intercom tonight a handful of were blessed to witness and partake in a wild party the fifth of an annual ritual sacrifice to honor our . the interrupting feed cut to video clips the horror i had just people being bloodied frantically tearing down the barrier to the garage the blood that had my very existence . as the camera shook and i my unfortunately not a terrible therapist settled watching from an isolated point on the second floor . the face the voice continued i now address the few who to leave our gathering a little early tonight . i ask you to take a moment to remember the evening that you just . did you withstand unharmed ? were you left alone even seemingly unnoticed by our of honor ? if you were one of those who were left to your own tonight i ask you to consider to the home of our gracious host before the night . for you have been chosen albeit decidedly by our venerable of honor to attend the ceremony of our little get together . you have been chosen to bear witness to unfathomable fortune to receive an incredible gift . the video that was then shown like the aftermath . were piled . of blood the floor . scattered were and hung from the balcony . my heart stopped when the camera tracked to a gathering of as a centerpiece in the living area . of blood covered their blank of frozen fear on their . and were among them . they were alive at least partially alive . the face came back . it into the screen and spoke in its deep scratchy voice welcome to . the feed switched back to the . a flash of bright light and thick red smoke them . then static . i leapt from the couch and my phone . i still straight to then the police . next i knew i was s with two sitting across me . they were calm when taking down my report with their crossed resting on an arm of their . this felt like another therapy session . they said that they had already sent a squad to investigate the property as some of those with whom i d had already them . then they me protective custody i . i to stay back to see if would come home . i that on the video feed if the voice had me to return to the house the man behind it probably t on coming after me . they gave me their and said they would be in touch . then they left . i spent the next few with to the . eventually i saw a local news report saying that when the police made it to the property it had been completely abandoned . an aerial shot the mansion in utter . soon after was brought home by a different pair of . they me that her speech was mostly nonsensical other than to decline medical attention . observing her behavior i t know why they had brought her home anyway . she had somehow been up neither a scratch nor drop of blood noticeable on her . she was able to say that she was glad to be home that continuously . then with her head anchored to the floor she to her bedroom and closed the door . i the if they had found my therapist or his . besides the that with you no one else connected to the incident been found . we re going to keep looking one assured . take the rest of the night to rest . tomorrow we d like you to drop by the station to give a more detailed report . i conceded and they left . i went to my room some much sleep . it was hard to ignore the of and a chorus of as i off . . . then i woke up . i was in terror my mouth ajar and wide . i sat up and my room gathering my . reality was rushing in . i checked the clock a . m . i to my night stand and checked the date on my phone . it was still that morning but i had somehow reversed time . i clearly that i ' t go to bed until . sweating prolifically i my memory . one thing stood out as a gaping inconsistency of the day prior . i d never had a therapist . then it hit me it was all a dream a nasty terrible nightmare . i let out a long sigh of relief . still something t feel right . i sprang out of bed into the hallway and on s door . yes ? sorry . just up . is everything alright ? yes everything s fine . are you ? yeah i m fine . hey my memory s a little shaky . did anything interesting happen yesterday ? no not really just a normal day . i my head against the wall and wishing her . i back to my room and tried to fall asleep . still i ' t shake the strange and vivid nature of the nightmare so i had to do just one more thing to be sure . i under my bed and took out my . i the browser and on the search engine . i got a result . it was a post written a few prior by an account that had since been . it detailed a similar dream a horrible nightmare about hellish a party . in the poster s dream they with a group of while the hapless were left behind . they wrote that their dream was so distinctive and lastingly impressive that they felt to post it inquiring if anyone had a similar dream and if so to contact them . he left an address at the bottom of his post so i sent him a message saying that i had a similar dream of the same ritualistic massacre the same phrase . that was almost a year ago they still haven t . that was the only post regarding " " that i could ever find . so i ' m the connection between our is just a coincidence . if it ' s not the are beyond serious . if it ' s not there ' s a yearly mass ceremonial slaughter happening somewhere in the world right under our and somehow they ' re bending space time to cover it up . though the anniversary of my " " everything is seemingly . s fine . i with and he s fine . i ' t when he said he ' t even in the state that night . still just in case there ' s something more to this just in case it really was more than a dream and there s a sixth annual getting ready to unleash in a few days i m writing down my story . if anyone else had a similar dream or any more information regarding if you have even just the term before please contact me on this site . hopefully together we can solve this mystery . and maybe just maybe find a way to stop this . thank you for taking the time to hear me out . good night and good luck . my roommate is a title it all . i share a small two bedroom apartment in one of the northern of canada with a demon . before i this up i sat down with him . his name is tomb by the way . i him if it was cool if i some of the we ' been threw and he said he ' t care and that in fact he would love for me to write about him . he ' s pretty self centered . i should probably start at the beginning so that you get a good idea of what ' s going on . my name is and when this all first i was i m now but that ' s not relevant i was working at a small and in a hole of an apartment . i d been looking for a better place to live for and had gotten i was on all of so forgive me but when i found the perfect place i at the opportunity even though the ad had been on a pretty out there . the only was there was already a tenant in the apartment and we would have to share the place . no problem i get along with most people pretty well so i ' t too worried . xb xb i had the apartment and had gotten in contact with the landlord to do a visit before i made my decision . i up around five in the morning . it was a not that that . i in and my car in the visitor parking spot . waiting for me on the of the apartment complex was an older woman she had wavy silver hair that fell all the way down to her waist . she wore a long tie dye . dress she at me as i . hello dear her voice was sweet and she spoke with a hint of an accent though i ' t place it . you must be . she me to come closer when i got close she me into a hug i awkwardly back . the woman away and at me once more . my name is but you can call me granny she the door and led me in . xb xb it was a small apartment complex with only two with in . there was a in yard and in the basement there was a laundry room and a common room . granny i her at the time led me to the second floor and down the hall before stopping in front of apartment . the door to the apartment normal if not a little . granny on the door . tomb love are you in there is here to see the apartment silence . tomb ? she at me with a sorry expression he may be asleep i was about to tell her i could come back later when a huge crash from behind the closed apartment door . i ' m coming we could hear the stumbling foot getting closer and before long the sound of a being unlocked . the door and i was by gleaming amber and a wicked smile . tomb this is she ' s looking at moving in like we had tomb was tall . probably around he was also shirtless which revealed the plethora of that his chest neck and arms . he wore tattered jeans and nothing else . he at me his blocking the doorway . sup . i just at him . i ' t really sure what to say to him . grin grew and he out of the way me and granny enter . the apartment was small but spacious granny me around and did all the talking well tomb silently . after the tour granny told me that if i decide to move in that she would always be one call away and that tomb was nice when you got to know him . xb i in the next week . went as . after i was all in i tried to get to know tomb . i him what his job was and if he had any . his were always super vague . it was only after a month of living there that to go wrong . it with a smell like a shop . it was faint at first and i ' t pinpoint where it was coming from but as the smell grew it apparent that it was coming from tomb s room . i tried him about it but all he would tell me was that it was from his job and not to worry about it . xb then i to hear from his room like muffled screaming . i him about that too and he and said he ' d try to keep the noise to a minimum . the smell got worse and worse . it was in the middle of the second month when tomb to treat me sort of like a friend and i finally got to see the inside of his room it was completely normal if not a little barren . this is also the same time when he going out late a night . i it for the most part as i had just college and had to focus and that and work . by now the smell was gone and i had to forget about it . xb it was a night as per usual tomb went out around nine in the evening after watching some with me . after he left i went to bed i slept for probably before i him come home . it like he was lifting something heavy and i some so i went out to see if everything was alright . as i left my room the smell hit me the metallic butcher shop smell . i turned the corner to enter the kitchen and what i saw was burned into my mind . there stood tomb leaning over the kitchen table buzz saw in hand and on the table was the corpse of what used to be a man . tomb up at me his expression of a caught with his hand in the jar . i ' t know what to say . i ' t think . i ' t move . his bore into my soul . xb you should sit down . my body on its own and i turned and into the living room before down on the couch . tomb came and stood before me . so . . he said you were supposed to be asleep i mean i know you get up and stuff but i was sure i your tea . i went to cry out in shock and outrage just as i my mouth tomb for me to close it and my jaw shut . that ' s about when i the small poking out from his messy red hair and the long tail that swayed behind him . xb so i m a demon get that one out of the way he to himself and after a moment he came closer to me his face from mine . he took his hand and the palm on the side of my neck by the collar bone . i felt a burning sensation as he harder . i to scream but my mouth ' t open . when he his hand away a symbol was burned into it . i don ' t remember exactly what after that but the next morning granny was waiting for me in the kitchen with tomb . they sat me down and granny everything to me . the i had into was mostly inhabited by the occult and the occult . they had assumed i had fallen into one of the two because that who they the apartment to occult which in my desperate search i had upon . granny to me that i only really had two now i could stay or i could die . so in the interest of self preservation i picked stay . xb thanks for reading if you it know that i will be posting more and sorry if its not written perfectly i am still . if you have any or you want me to elaborate on feel free to say or ask . anyway i have to go fling is moving in and apparently i have to help so until next was am when the forest found her . her car broken down a mile away on the road . she was lying there all alone in the forest . her body was cold . she was rushed to the hospital where she was and i was . i had been calling her and frantically all night . worried to death about her . the call from the hospital made my heart sink to my stomach . i rushed to the hospital as fast as i could the worst . before i knew it i was passing through the main door shouting at the staff demanding where she was with the trying their best to calm me down . they told me she was not in danger but i had to wait till all the were . i there restlessly with each passing second feeling like an hour until i the door open and a doctor in a white coat came in to see me . " we have finished with the . everything to be all right . your wife no underlying her blood pressure and body temperature have returned to normal . it ' s almost eerie how she lied there in the cold for unharmed . she is very lucky " the doctor with a silent tone . i was filled with joy . she was safe god had my . i just to see her and hug her tightly but before i could ask if i could meet my wife the doctor took off his glasses and his voice a slightly . . . he said this to me " there is however one unusual thing . when they found your wife . she had a wide grin on her face with wide . the police originally thought she was dead they were to death when they saw her blink . she was in a state but that wore off once they brought her out of the forest . also they saw no leading into the forest from her car or anywhere near her . even when we put her to sleep her closed but her grin ' t fade . we think it might be because of the cold . i ' m you . it ' s a muscle relaxant . tell her to take every morning and evening . she will be back to normal in no time . this is a rare case for us so i would like to see her again for a follow up . you can take her home now . " i the doctor and took my wife to the car . she was looking up to me with her coming out of her and hugging me tightly . she must have been stiff in that forest . but the most scary part was that wide grin with which she at me . i thought it would fade off the next day and tried to pay no heed to it . i was glad she was safe and i will not let her out of my sight ever again . you know how a faint smile or even a natural smile can be wholesome and pleasant to look at . but it the it . even on her pretty face that wide smile brought to me the time i saw her in the hospital . she saw my reaction and crying so i had to quickly change my expression to make her feel safe and at ease . we the house and i put her to bed . i threw my phone on the bed turned the off and slid into the with her . she still had that wide grin but with her closed it was the slight bit less creepy . looking at her filled me with dread . but she was my wife . i had to be strong for her . suddenly i a notification and looking for my phone which was to my back . i turned around to grab the phone . it was her . i forgot to tell them she was safe . i them that she was safe with me . i put the phone in silent mode . no more are disturbing us two . let her sleep without a care after what she gone through . i turned back to my wife . . . . . i was to the grin ever with her wide open staring into my soul . i my body a few back from shock . my heart sank into my stomach . my body raised all of red telling me to get out of there ! it was just us two at night in our empty house with that wide grin and looking right at me up close illuminated by my phone screen . but to my horror she was asleep . she was sleeping with those wide open staring at me . i closed my trying to forget that face which was away from me . but whenever i my just for a second i would see that face . i turned my back to her . but that ' t helping either . i had all of running in my head with her touching my back or neck and tried my best not to fill my mind with such . it was the to sleep the first night . anyhow i out in some time i don ' t know when but i got up to an empty bed . i could hear the shower running i out to her and she back . i got up and took a sip of water forgetting all about last night when i saw the bathroom door open . i went to the door to give her her morning forehead kiss but before i could do that i was again face to face with that wide grin . my feeling of affection again turned to fear as i last night . but at least her were normal when she was awake . the muscle would fix her up in no time . i reassured myself . i her head and wished her good morning . but it ' t . . . . days turned into turned into but her smile ' t fade . . . . . . the could find no cure . they surgery but she against it saying she knew deep down the smile would fade . everyone we knew giving us . the neighborhood were afraid of going near her . the she fed in the park ' t come . our and all her aside from her close who would try their best to act normal in front of us . she read through their act and decided to wear a face mask . the first week was like hell for me . i saw her grin with wide open at night with my back to her for my safety . but she would never harm a fly . . . i would reassure myself . she is the person i know . but i had to see that grin all day . my for love and affection towards her ' t the same . i was often of her when i had my back to her . or when she unexpectedly up in front of me . she kept telling me she knew her smile would fade off . but after her why she was so sure of herself she kept saying she had a gut feeling and to bear with her . after her repeatedly for a month she finally broke her silence telling me what that night . " my car broke down after my night shift . and my phone had no signal so i got out trying to wave at passing for help . a few by without stopping it was cold . i was . but suddenly i a voice calling out my name from within the forest . i ' m sure it was all in my head as it was midnight i was tired after a long shift and cold and my mind ' t working right . but that voice made my body follow it deep within the forest i had no control over my body . i could see red looking at me from the corner of my eye before fading back into the darkness of the . i had no control over my body . suddenly i was at an area where the moonlight shone brightly . i could hear a young lady ' s voice whispering me to go to sleep . and that ' s when i fell on my back in the snow . my body was . i ' t move or do anything for those couple aside from staring into the night sky with the full moon all alone . it was a nightmare . i could hear faint and howling cracking . . . . . but there was nothing there to help me . slowly i grinning like a mad lady . i thought i would die there if it ' t for the forest . when they led me out of the forest just before they crossed out of the forest area . i the voice whisper in my ear you ' be the next full moon . then i could move my body again . but the grin ' t go away . " i gave her a weird look knowing she was crazy . but she told me it was going to be a full moon tonight and she will be the same . if not she will get that surgery . i was used to her grin by now but this weird story she told me just now brought an eerie feeling within me . i thought she had come up with this story as a defense mechanism to cope with her trauma . i would take her to a therapist tomorrow . we will get that surgery done and our life will be back to normal . she told me she ' t want to tell me that before because i would think she ' s crazy and i ' t worry and she will be all right . at night i ' t stop thinking about what she said . how could she have found herself deep within that forest . why ' t she tell me all this before . was this a recent story she came up with . until now she had told me she had no memory of that night and all of a sudden she this freaky story onto me . i had my back to my wife as every other nights her grin and wide . i had become somehow used to that feeling by a month . i would sometimes wake up in the middle of the night from and then see her face only the panic . but it was going to be all right . " i would see her normal face soon " i said to myself . trying to calm my to try and sleep . my feeling heavy . i was drifting off to sleep . . . . it will be all right tomorrow . . . . . then it ! ! what i had feared all those nights . a light touch on shoulder ! ! i was stiff with fear . i ' t move a muscle . what would happen if i turned around . all those i in my head were filling me with dread . i breathing erratically . my heart beating faster . i turned around myself fruitlessly to face that face of pure evil . this was the night of the full moon . i at her with my heart beating faster than ever . . . . my expression of fear quickly faded . my frown turned into a smile . in a single moment my of pure shock turned into pure joy . she ' t smiling she ' t . i ' t believe it . i thought i ' d never see her like this again . i myself for someone i so dearly . there she was sleeping with her closed as innocent as ever . i could look at her all day . finally we were back to normal . i would never think of saying this a month ago but i was glad she ' t . . . . . then she her red father was a determined man who worked his to the bone nearly every single day of his year life . even after we basically forced him to retire and relax for once he was always busying himself on some project around the house . used to joke that she he was born wearing a and growing up we it . i t see a lot of him during childhood as most of his time was devoted to his career . he was a rare earth miner and often took part in risky but lucrative all around the world . he would sometimes be gone for at a time but when he did return he had no shortage of to tell . his work took him everywhere from the of the to the tundra of . this was back in the s when many around the world were first rich of valuable due to in technology . my father was already a veteran of the trade worked in mines since he was and grinding his way up the ladder . he eventually a roaming prospector regularly offering his to that were looking for to help them develop a mining infrastructure . he told of him traveling halfway round the world into he never himself going . he once was caught in between rival in sierra back when the diamond industry to boom . another time he was in for two after being accused by the former soviet union of being an spy . he caught malaria in was almost by a landslide in china and death in the face on a few other . his and how dangerous he made them out to be but dad just it off . it s hard to know how many of those were flavored by a bit of hyperbole as my father clearly had passion for storytelling . regardless the man undoubtedly led quite a colorful life but there s one story he told me which i know he t exaggerate on . the story of why he decided to leave the mining industry forever . did i ever tell ya the real reason i quit ? he me that one day as he and i some on his back porch . my were out in the with the two of us serving as impromptu while my wife and mother were out on a shopping date . i took a swig of my boston lager and thought for a moment . t it because you tried fighting a camel or something ? i another one of his infamous where my father got mule in the gut by a rather unhappy camel in . dad broke into a raspy laugh and shook his head as the smoke from his cigarette in the air . hey that camel it and boy was it off that day . i beat it s ass but i just don t believe in like that . he again taking another drag off his red . no this was a very different situation in a very different place . i him where this mysterious story he was had but he shook his head . can t tell ya that . his expression had suddenly gone stoic and it made me curious . why ? camel jumble your memory ? i . dad but then averted his gaze to the ground as if whether or not he actually to say any more . son let s just say some are better off forgotten . that was all it took to get me interested . whenever dad told one of his many there was a certain alluring gleam in his eye . he definitely the attention and wide eyed of wonder he got as he told his but this time he quite different . it s like what he was pondering was something that deeply him . he off telling me that towards the end of his career he had an old friend reach out with an incredibly lucrative offer . dad used air around the as he said them as though he was skeptical of the claim from the beginning . this friend then went on to explain that a certain place discovered a deposit of copper and assistance getting a proper excavation site up and running . dad spent some time corresponding with his friend and learning the of the operation . he said he honestly t very interested in taking on the project but after his friend revealed the hefty sum of money being he just t turn it down . so dad and a few later he s on a plane bound for his new office in this undisclosed location . he said the journey to get there alone took him over to reach the spot so wherever it was it had to be outside of north . dad was very careful when he told his story to not give me any about where this place was and i t really understand why at first . so dad finally off the plane and his friend who i just call carl from here on out him up . the two of them discuss of the operation while they drive another three to reach the spot . part way through the trip and carl a bit of a nuke on the conversation . so we a bit of an issue . dad at him and said he was where the conversation was headed . what do you mean ? dad causing carl to almost immediately backtrack . well not even necessarily an issue more like a curiosity really . carl then to him that as he and his team were the site they found some they t expect . the location they were headed was a small cavern near the base of a mountain in a small . it was a spot that was known to for but none of them really it much attention until someone a little inside . apparently the cavern a lot further than anyone and not far inside they made an interesting discovery . one of the found a large circular stone slab . it was just lying there on the ground at the end of one of the but the shape made it clear that someone had cut it intentionally . this meant that there was a possible conflict of interest brewing . if it was discovered that the site evidence of ancient remains than it would be turned over to instead . the district that the site was had a mandate to always archaeological over industrial . if evidence of human presence was proved conclusive then my father and the team would have no choice but to abandon it and lose out on their pay day . it may have been immoral but carl to begin their operation before had a chance to interrupt . my dad he was a bit on what to do but figured the least he could do was see the site for himself before making a decision . so they finally get there and carl my dad to the team . they waste little time in and quickly decide to venture into the cavern system . dad the entrance was tight with a twisting path hidden behind thick foliage . the air was humid and incredibly hot causing him to sweat like a pig in a bacon factory as he put it . once inside he had to squeeze around three before the cavern to open up . carl led my dad through the cave showing several promising where they to begin . the were lined with thick green the likely presence of copper rich like malachite . that initial open chamber was as alpha and it branched off in two separate from there . one of which the circular stone slab . he led my father right to it and as my father saw it for himself . my dad it to me as a massive stone slab cut in a near perfect circle . he said it had to have been at least ten wide . he said it like it was built to block something and it to manhole on . he felt like there was something underneath . he said he got a really weird feeling when they were there but he t really describe it beyond that . so he and carl hold a meeting with the rest of the team and find an area to begin their dig . days go by and soon enough they got the operation up and running with the logistics being behind the . the team mining leaving the room with the slab alone and on the other of the cavern . in just a few they had a full operation running a day . part of the team on expanding the second path from the alpha chamber while the were to exposed . initial were very promising and they knew they were on to something so the process continued growing and more refined with each passing day . by all were going according to plan but of course i t be here writing his story if they stayed that way . it s almost like were going too well for their own damn good . my dad as he said that and his cigarette on his boot . he then and his face took on a graven expression . dad was always making and to see him suddenly so stoic sent a small shiver down my spine . i still don t know how to explain what down there . dad went on to explain that he was in the mine working one day helping a few other men who were working on expanding the . they were hacking away with and stopped for a breather after a few of work . one of the men made a joke and my dad but was suddenly by the other . the man who silenced him up his hand to his and his around the room . dad he was about to ask the man what was wrong when he it for himself . he said he a dull noise throughout the corridor . dad said it almost like someone humming a tune . it was early in the morning at the time and my dad and the two men were supposed to be the only in the mine at the time . the humming continued for about a minute before just fading away . my dad left the tunnel and checked the rest of the cavern but found no one else inside . he t really know how to explain it but said he t honestly pay it much mind . he said he t even know if that event is relevant but he it nonetheless as something odd . so a few days go by and once again are operating as normal . dad was outside a meeting with carl and the shift when suddenly frantic from the cavern . the group turned and a few as a man from inside the cavern his were frantic and trembling . dad there was an absolute terror in his like he had never seen before . the man was yelling and rambling away as he dashed away from the cavern . one of the shift him to slow down but the man . dad said the guy literally ran back to camp his lunch and took off into the surrounding still muttering and whimpering . that man never came back and no one could figure out what exactly to him . he was alone in a semi isolated section of the mine at the time . that were inside at the time said they just him scream and run out . they the area he was working but found nothing out of the ordinary . one of the other later what the man was screaming when he ran out . apparently he said something to the effect of this place is evil we should not have come . the crew was on edge after that but carl and the other foreman to calm the crew . my dad he t really say anything but he he did . he said he wished he would to that man and gotten everyone out of there while he had the chance . dad and sat back after he said that as clearly the weighed heavy on his mind . i haven t seen him look so crestfallen since his brother my uncle away . he said the crew just went back to work but before the day was even out one of the other made a curious discovery . remember that massive circular stone slab laying in the tunnel off the alpha chamber ? someone had it . all of the crew swore they t touch it . dad said the massive slab had to have weighed near a ton at least and he t think they could it even if they to . underneath the slab was a hole . a very deep hole that down further then they could see . someone a pebble down the hole but no one it hit the bottom . they to drop a flare down but my dad to let them as he was worried about the possibility of flammable gas deep below . he said he felt a wave of dread roll over him as he down into that black pit and it as feeling like something was staring back up at him . despite the worrying the men continued . went smoothly after that but no one went near the hole . dad said that a few times he could sworn he in his ear . the rest of the men on edge as well with the normal jovial all but suddenly absent . everyone just to get through the day . dad said over the next few days he felt like something was very wrong . he said a few times he could sworn he in the mine . they were always faint and he t be sure he actually them . he also said he d see weird that to move in unnatural ways . they were always distant always just out of sight to where he could never get a clear look at them . he said he had to have had at least five of thinking he saw something . he also had troubling sleeping as horrific plagued him each night . he said he can never remember the of them but he vividly waking in a frantic sweat . at the time he just all of it up to stress and lack of proper sleep . he said are known to have their play on them a condition they knew as miner fever . being underground in the dark for a while can do strange to a man s mind . his expression was deadly serious when he said that and i knew he t exaggerating . he that that was probably his single regret . everything in his mind was screaming for him to leave but fear of ridicule and loss of income him onward . it s not an excuse i know . it s just a fool s attempt to rationalize the impossible . then about a week after the slab was it . my dad was in the cavern with carl and a few when there was a sudden loud crack . the men fell silent and a moment as the of faint rumbling . they knew all too well what that meant and without wasting another second they all for the exit but it was too late . my dad the next thing he was the deafening of dirt and debris as the cavern around them . dad the next thing he was in a confused haze by darkness with hard rock all around him . his were pinned down by rubble leaving only his upper torso exposed to a small nook in the rubble . he tried but t get his to budge . i can t honestly imagine a more terrifying prospect then being buried alive like that . dad said he tried not to panic but could only do so much . he to retrieve the from his pocket but as the flame he almost wished he d in the darkness . the crimson hue the small area and dad said the space was barely than a cupboard . the light also revealed a much more gruesome scene . to his right only a few away he spotted a hand poking out from the rubble . he the arm with his and saw what used to be a man s head crushed beneath a boulder in a spattering of blood and skull contents . dad and away as the sickening scene him to vomit . he said he s never been able to get that image out of his head . the man was obviously dead but all around him dad to hear the faint and pain stricken of who had not yet succumb . he t see any of them but one voice nearby . a man was calling for help and dad the voice as belonging to a local worker he to as . dad back and . . ? my father is that you ? yeah it s me are you ? dad . not really . my arm is stuck . i think it s broken it real bad . i can t feel my either . dad knew that was a bad sign and tried his best to keep and himself calm . how much room do you have in there ? can you see a way out ? dad . no sir it s all dark . i can t see anything . i can move my left arm around so i have a bit of space but i m pinned down . dad cursed under his breath and again tried reassuring the man to remain calm . he knew t looking good for either of them but he t reach the man let alone free himself . and my father continued talking for and after some time dad said he the of hacking in the distance as a rescue team to try and liberate the trapped . told my dad about his family his wife and his two sons . feared he was never going to see them again . my dad tried to keep his up but admitted to me that he the same . the two of them could do nothing but wait and pray that the rescue would arrive before the reaper did . was right . said the suddenly to the same miner that my dad previously who had seemingly went crazy and fled the site a few days . what do you mean ? my dad . hard and . this place is evil . dad t know how to respond to that . obviously the cave in was a cruel act by mother nature or perhaps one triggered by human error but to think it was more than that . we t have come here . . we woke it up . dad then thought the man had suffering from brought on by his but was adamant . i the i saw it it me to go i should . dad thought the man was losing his sanity and continued to try and reassure him . it t seem to do much and not long after stopped at all . dad said he could hear him whispering desperate and weeping quietly . he t know at the time how long they had been in there but the situation to wear heavily on my father as well . his stomach from hunger his were dry and head from dehydration . his had long since gone numb and the situation hopeless . he to wonder whether he d ever see the light of day again . had continued praying but in between his my dad said he to hear something much more worrying . he said it like laughter like the laughter of someone who was slightly amused by a decent joke . sometimes it like it was coming from but other times it did not . he it from up ahead back behind and even down below him . suddenly stopped his sometime later and dad said he t even notice at first until spoke again . it s in here . dad tried getting to respond but he to just ignore his . then to hyperventilate and suddenly . dad said he s never a more gut scream of terror in all his life . he tried down with but was far beyond that . he kept screaming for maybe thirty until his voice went hoarse . then as suddenly as it had s screaming stopped . dad t think that stopped screaming of his own volition though . dad was on the brink of complete panic by this point and said he could barely contain his own mind . he tried to remain calm and listen but t hear anything else . had suddenly gone eerily silent and never spoke another word . sometime later dad something else . he said there was a rustling behind him like the pitter patter of someone carelessly kicking dirt . he out but no one . he felt that someone was there but he t see them . he the of about and but no more . dad the to hack away in the distance and at a certain point he said the almost melodic and him into a sleep . in reality it was probably his state that him to lose consciousness . he said the returned to him and when he finally woke up all he saw was a searing light . he thought he was dead and had the of heaven until his vision around him . slowly the blurred of and rhythmic of clearer . several rushed in as he urging him to be still . the then to physically restrain him causing my dad to panic and thrash about . he only stopped once he the voice of carl . rob rob it s me carl ! easy you re . dad his struggle as the face of his old colleague . he took a deep breath and tried what had . carl then told him everything about the cave in and the rescue to free the men . dad had been trapped underground for almost six days . he was malnourished and had two broken when they finally dragged him out of that hellhole but he was one of the lucky . carl told my dad that he d been unconscious for two days and t sure if he d ever wake up . my dad s memory of all this was fuzzy and he had clung to the hope that what he saw were just of some fever dream but carl to confirm the contrary . he then that the rescue team had pretty much the whole cave in by that point but my dad was the last one they found . how many ? my dad . carl and sat in the chair beside his bed as he the out of the room . unaccounted for . that response confused my dad . what do you mean unaccounted for ? there was someone right beside me and i . . . . dad off and carl just shook his head . not when we found you . what ? rob they t find any . dad t know how to respond to that and it carl t either . it t make any sense . the rescue team all the debris out by now but there s no remains . there s no trace of any of them . silence then fell between them both as both at a loss for how that could be true . maybe they found another way out maybe they re still down there . my dad but carl t seem convinced of that logic . my dad said that truth be told he t either but he to give up on them . carl his throat . rob they they the entire system . there s nothing . carl his head and my dad was still . how is that possible ? dad . carl just shook his head . i don t know but you remember that big ass slab right ? yeah . carl crossed his arms and as if what he was about to say unbelievable . well it s back on top of that hole now . just like it was when we found it . dad just at carl telling me he was at a complete loss for . carl again . yeah i don t understand it either . maybe the cave in it although i don t see how that would happen or maybe something else did . dad said shot down his spine when carl said that . he s but said when he them he thought they were just the of a fatally wounded and man . he was forced to confront the again in that moment but even as he was retelling his tragic story to me some after it he still t know what to think . carl then and stood from the chair . he gave my father a look and put his in his . we may never know what really down there but i think enough damage been done . i m shutting down the project it s the only thing to do . get some rest and give me a call when you re ready to go home so i can get you a flight . carl to walk away but my father him one final question . did they find out what the collapse ? carl back to him and once more . nothing conclusive yet seismic in the nearby town came back normal . we could struck a root of the system but i doubt it . carl then his head . i think there are just some that are better off left alone . carl then left and dad was alone with his once more . he himself out of the hospital later that day and later he was on a plane back home . i remember this time well . i was maybe when dad came back home in a . was furious and distraught at the sight of her temporarily husband . we were all concerned for our father but he our . he told us he was in a car accident and for worrying everyone but he would make a full recovery . he did just that after a few of physical therapy but clearly the mental wounds never really . i m sorry i lied to you son but i just t want to worry you . i t even know how to explain it all . your mother would probably broken my arms too if she knew what had really . he as he said it but i did not . i was still trying to absorb the crazy story he had just told me . you really went through all that t you ? i demanding his confirmation one way or another . he was well known for his wild after all and part of me him to admit he was my leg . he just and me dead in the eye . it s the truth son and it s the reason why i left the industry forever . the way i see it god gave me a second chance that day and me that there are in this world that we re not meant to find . dark that we have no power over . i with him for a while after that more about the story which i pretty much already . i tried to get him to reveal where this story of his took place but he . throughout every word he spoke he that his story was the truth . i eventually him permission to share his story with and he agreed . and so here i am his story for all who would read it . my father would be to know that another one of his tales people even so long after he is gone . i wish everyone could known him like i did and seen the desperate fervor in his as he told me this story . regardless of whether you believe his story or were just by some on a screen for a couple i think we can all agree that some are just better off left buried . there are that we as a species are just not prepared to encounter and god help us all if anyone ever digs them up again . when i first i knew something was off about s house . no matter how beautiful the weather was outside the sun somehow never to reach the cold of his narrow home . i often had to wear thermal to bed even during the spring . and his elderly . would always come knocking after left for work to ask me how i m doing . i always found her and bothersome but i m just beginning to that maybe she was just concerned about me . and i haven t been together for long . so in ordinary i would have just left after last night ' s and back in with my . but as is still in effect here in i m going to have to wait until i can get myself tested for the virus before i can even think about going anywhere . though despite the few here and there living with been quite a pleasure throughout the that we all been locked in our . we share this space well and rarely argue . i had no major . until last night that is . we got into bed at about to watch a movie . a few in me to go downstairs and make coffee . i down to the kitchen and around in the dark for a couple of clean to use . on my way back up i say thanks babe before i even the hallway . i froze . i could see a female s shadow on the bedroom wall . she too was a mug . a thousand flew through my mind . why t ? who was that girl ? am i right now ? my instinct me not to go into the room with them . so i stood still in the dark unable to move waiting for the person to say something . you re very welcome . the female voice . at first the voice was . but once she spoke some more i knew . i knew why t afraid . it was because whatever was in there with him was me . the shadow shrunk away from the wall and i the slow creak of the mattress as the the thing my in bed . the film and i stayed right where i was looking through the balustrade with my wide on the doorway . i don t know how long i was there for but the went stone cold . eventually i hearing some movement like they were both shuffling around on the bed . were they going to sleep ? i thought to myself . surely not . instead of the soft snoring sound that i to hear there was a low grumbling guttural noise that on for a few . then several loud causing me to spill coffee over myself . after that all i could hear was the rolling from the television . i was but my forced me into the bedroom before my brain could give it a second thought . poking my head around the door frame i saw sitting upright facing the television just as i had left him alone . i on the light switch and my stomach when he t immediately react . his head was drooping down to his chest slightly . i along with my back to the wall to get a better look at his face . ? i said . he and his . you caught me . he weakly he s renowned for falling asleep on me during movie nights . you ? i him . all good . he himself further up against the bed frame . sorry the coffee ' s cold . i the least mug to him . the what oh right that s fine . thank you . he on it loudly . i reluctantly got into bed next to him and we watched for a while longer . it t take long for to fall back to sleep . so once he snoring i crept downstairs and curled up on the living room armchair . as far as i could tell nothing else strange last night yet i t get a second of shut eye and it s highly unlikely that i will this evening either . today i spent most of my time in the garden because i can t stand how dark the house is . that once could have been as the house simply being old and poorly now seem like they re down to something much . and what me the most is that i don t know whether i should be afraid for or afraid of him . i m on my side awake and lucid yet my remain shut . i am painfully awake . sleep came easy before like a dog to my side never disobedient . always out by dusk only to return when the milk light of moon was by the fire of dawn . tonight is the exception . i feel the luminous lunar light licking my back . the of all the keep watch . neither nor obscure their sight . my thick in a heap at my absorbing the potent moonlight . the fan above more for sound as it does little to cool the room . my breath is finally my mind is drifting my heart rate dipping . all is well yet my mind to rest . my mind sleep s allure it . stay awake . as i lay with my brain a sound from beyond . from outside of the window pane . clack clack clack . the sound of tree like tapping the glass . back to sleep . clack clack clack . the willow in my yard is an ancient thing . both me and my home and now it my attention . that towering beast so insensitive of us who need rest . clack clack clack . could be a rhythmic melody lumber singing me to slumber . a natural beat . only for the night tomorrow those overgrown will be or snapped . tap tap tap . the sound grown ? the light of the leafy giant are now deliberate taps . a bird grown restless ? or a coon looking for of food ? is it ripping into my garbage making a racket in the process ? or is a storm brewing ? are the wildly whipping against my window ? sending sticks and into the glass ? tap tap tap . i will be fine . the rain will soon rattle against my roof and hammer my . this is the best sleep potion in existence the sound of overwhelming rain . better than and milk or any sort of pill . soon i will be awake no more . running and laughing away from here into my . knock knock knock . what was that ? do knock before they pillage ? unlikely . does rain rap against ? not in my experience no . or was that the sound of a person ? no of course not . t be could it ? knock knock knock . could it be a friend come for a visit ? never so late and they d certainly call ahead . could be a drunk confused on his way home ? not a chance who could be that obtuse ? no . that was too loud . too legible too lucid too distinct . that was a man one who is currently looking right at me . am i caught between sleep and awake ? mistaking minute for maniacal . knock knock knock . no . i am awake now . what was that ? why was that ? who was that ? i that . than i hear my heart pounding in my . clearer than i can see the shadow currently being cast onto the wall . i am painfully awake . a shadow i can see despite the welling in my . there is a man outside . knock knock knock . my are stony . does he know i m awake ? how long he been watching me ? me sleep watching me breathe . waiting wanting to be inside . but for what ? for me ? is my door locked ? where s my phone ? bang bang bang . this was the i . like a spring i sprung up to dash from the room . leaving him behind the glass i plan to call for help when hidden away . but in the light of the moon now that i was no longer in bed . i turned toward the window . i could see the stranger t standing outside after all he was knocking from the inside . everybody about right ? if you don t it s the place back in the s where all the came to design and build the world s first atomic bomb . to some who live here it s still a source of pride but to many it s just the opposite . that s a debate for another time though . my story is marginally related to what went on at the national laboratory but it s simpler than all that . it s about me and my girl and it s about coming to realize that have . the laboratory itself is still in operation and is one of the research of its type in the world . there are of it though that they used back in the day when they were first learning how to harness the power of uranium and plutonium that have long since been shut down and sealed off from public access . to a like me that s tantamount to up a neon sign beckoning me to enter and explore . i guess a good place to start would be telling a little about me . i m be a senior at high . i play football and ride so i guess you could say i m sort of a daredevil . my girl is . she s be a junior this coming year and she s a cheerleader . she track too the . that combined with the fact that she to like hanging out with me probably she s a little bit of a daredevil herself . we make a good pair . we were sitting around at her house this afternoon and she was trying to figure out what we could do for the rest of the day . i was trying to figure out how i could get her alone because well i us to be alone . she said something about going to the mall which t appeal to me at all so i that maybe we could go exploring in the . everybody around here what the are they re the abandoned underground and lab left over from the project at the national laboratory . she took a little convincing mostly because going there meant breaking the law but i finally got her to agree . we drove to an apartment complex off yucca street on the northwest side of town and . we had to hike about a mile up into the to get to where we were going a cyclone fence guarding the part of the facility where the were . the fence was high and topped with razor wire and there were scattered around but we t think they actually worked . would occasionally drive the perimeter the fence though so you had to be mindful of that . personally i d been in the maybe a half dozen times but i d never seen any . there were posted every so many along the fence warning against coming onto the property though and threatening prosecution of anybody who did . like i said before that felt more like an invitation than a prohibition . once we d made the hike was all in too her to have dissipated . we made it to a spot in the fence that a rock face and was largely hidden by and . the fence had been from its there so that a bottom corner could be enough to get through . i the fence back so that could pass and then she it for me . once we were inside we sat still for a minute just to make sure we t attention . it t likely we had this part of the facility was no longer in use but it was better to be safe than sorry . once we were satisfied we were alone we headed along the rock face keeping cover best we could until we a little cave . there was an expansive one story building not too far ahead of us that would given us easier access to the but it was out in the open . the way i figured if we to get caught the best way would been to go up to that facility . besides the little cave led to an air vent that down into one of the . that s how me and my had always gotten in so that s what me and did . i had a little rope ladder in my i hung it from the top of the vent and let it drop down into the tunnel . i gave the choice she to follow me down so i the ten or so to the tunnel floor . right after me . this particular tunnel had a number of air spaced evenly along the way that also to let in light so we t necessarily need our . took hers out and turned it on anyway . frankly i was kind of wanting to keep it while i for a room that had a cot or something similar where we could . . . rest . i t had a good rest in a while and i was in the mood . we along the tunnel for twenty or thirty until we came upon a door to the left . i d been in that room before . it was a lab with lots of test and it me of chemistry class . i t care to go in it but it turned out that did so in we went . i brought out my flashlight as well and we both our around the room . i headed to the left to where there were a bunch of holding small seemingly malformed in formaldehyde and went to the right where there was a series of . i lost interest in the pretty quick but to take an interest in one particular cage . i over to her and saw that she had a mournful look on her face . she shone her light in the cage and there was a fragile looking set of . they t small either like the i d been looking at . they like they might to a monkey or a baboon something like that . i d always they d used in radiation i t want to think about it though . i had other on my mind . i d pretty much convinced her that we should move along because there was a lot more to see but then we a sound . it had come from back in the doorway so we both shone our in that direction . to our surprise and consternation we saw a man standing there . he to be in a military uniform of some kind though from where i was standing it old fashioned or something . my heart rate had gone up as i stood there what getting caught in the would mean . football might very well be out of the question and they d probably kick her off the track and . of course those had of prosecution but they t prosecute a sixteen and seventeen year old would they ? surely not . i mean all we d done was look around a little . regardless this was not good it was awful luck . never in my life had i of anybody getting caught in the not anybody . t it just figure that i d be the first . on top of everything else it was damned embarrassing . i d been the one who d twisted s arm to get her to come . her dad t be very happy . we d both our to keep from shining them in the man s face but pretty soon getting a little weird . the man t from the doorway nor had he said anything to us . i felt latch herself to my arm . i figured maybe i should break the ice so i him something lame like were we not supposed to be here . he t answer he just kept standing there . like a who knew he d been caught and it would probably work in our favor to seem i to walk toward the man . though and on my arm holding me back . not long after the man toward us . there was a long table between the door and where we were standing so he had to walk around it . s grip on my arm . probably as some sort of reflex i brought my light back up to the man and what we saw it explanation . first of all the man s uniform was old fashioned like i d thought and threadbare and filthy and barely holding together in . much more significant than that though was the man s face . his skin like it must been a hundred fifty old what skin there was and his teeth were and black . when the light hit his he stopped for just a second and let out with what had to been the most ghoulish sound i had ever . it was a roar but like maybe somebody had taken a razor blade to his vocal and sewed them back up wrong and behind it was a hissing sound like what a cat would make but much . it made the skin crawl all up and down my back . even worse his teeth to glow as the light shone across them like there might been a light in his mouth . t a screamer as a rule but she then right over the top of the man thing s roar . i might as well i don t really remember but then we all stood there him glaring at us and us looking in disbelief at him . one thing was clear well maybe two . one we to get the hell out of there and two he was still between us and the door . i thought that maybe we could wait where we were until the man thing came around the table so we would have a fair shot at making it out of the room but that a little risky . we d have to let him get pretty close to us before we ran . as fate would have it there was another door on the other side of the room from where we were standing one i was sure we could get to before he could unless he had supernatural strength or something . without really thinking it through i s hand and made a break for it praying all the while that the door t lead to a closet . the man thing again as we flew across the room and i could see him starting after us from the corner of my eye . when we got to the door i took hold of the doorknob and tried to turn it it was stuck . i rattled it hard as i could and again . the man thing was getting closer by the second moving toward us in a swift but jerky shuffle . finally the knob turned and i flung the door wide . thankfully it t lead to a closet it led into another tunnel . almost ran me over getting out of the room i to bang my hand against the doorjamb on my way out sending my flashlight across the floor . the man thing was too close for me to go back for it though . i left it where it lay and i headed after but only after i d the door behind us . i could hear the doorknob rattling as we ran i was sure he d get the door open soon . i was a pretty fast runner but it took me the length of the tunnel about a hundred to catch . i guess there was a reason she was on the track team . anyway we d covered its length in a hurry but it felt to me like it was taking us in the wrong direction . maybe that was of lesser concern given what was chasing after us but still it worried me that we might be running away from where we to be headed and into the side of this mountain into this labyrinth of . there t a doubt in my mind that we could get lost down here . i t want to think about it but it me anyway . the tunnel we were in made a ninety degree turn to the right and shortly thereafter it dead ended into another tunnel . we could go right or we could go left and either way just as ominous . the man thing was coming though . his and ragged breathing were getting closer and closer . at least he t seem to be as fast as we were that was a consolation but not much of one . still we had to decide . i said for us to go to the left . agreed and then she took off to the right . since she had hold of my hand i went with her . we another dead end again giving us the chance to go right or left . i around the right corner and told her to turn off her light so we t be visible . once she did the tunnel pitch black we t see a thing . the man thing was still coming i could hear him but he still t down the last part of the tunnel we d just gone through . we both took out our and as i suspected neither of us had service . we were too far underground . i felt something on the floor with my foot something substantial . i shone the light from my phone and saw that it was a lead pipe maybe four long . you never knew when you might need a lead pipe so i picked it up . it was heavy solid . we for a few and interestingly we t hear the man thing . i if he d given up and gone back to wherever he d come from or if he d just stopped because had turned off her light and he t see where to go . we whispered about it and decided we should probably get going we still had to find our way out . i got her to agree to wait a few though just to be sure we were in the clear . we actually ten before turned on her flashlight and immediately pandemonium . the man thing was right there not three from me staring at me with his yellow bloodshot and his glowing black teeth . he stepped toward me i could smell him his breath . it smelled like an transformer or an electrical fire . bloody murder the man thing i swung the lead pipe toward his head as hard as i could . i a crunch as the pipe struck his skull a sickening wet crunch . the man thing s head hard against the wall and then he slid to the floor . took off and i took off after her . we another t intersection and took the tunnel to the left for the novelty . we came upon a door we about it briefly and decided to go inside both to hide and to reconsider what we should do next . like the first room we d been in there were lab tables throughout the room and they were crowded with and and . we to the back wall and turned off her flashlight . i d done my best to remember how we d gotten to where we were how many turns we d made and what those turns had been but i knew in my heart that it was unlikely either of us would accurately remember what our path had been . we d been running from a monster like man with only a flashlight beam lighting our way . we could any number of without them as we d fled i felt it was unlikely we d be able to retrace our exactly . i think it about the same time i did . i could make out her face first and as our it got to where i could see the rest of her . there was a source of light somewhere in the room which was encouraging . i around and the first thing i saw was a large air vent in the ceiling over us . could it be the source of the light ? i was but then i saw the second thing . there was a series of dark metal along the table we were standing next to maybe a dozen of them and each no bigger than a loaf of bread . each one of them was glowing along its top edge like from beneath a cover of some sort . that was the source of light . it t the air vent it was the . turned on her flashlight and it at the box to us . we in to get a better look and discovered there was a label on the box s cover . it was dusty so i it off with the palm of my hand . the label read plutonium . no . . . please no . . . i had no idea what was but i certainly knew what plutonium was . i told her we had to leave immediately . yes we d already been exposed but the longer we stayed the worse it would be . just then though we the door open . her light at it and there stood the man thing . the left side of his head was in and bloody but he was standing in the doorway a hand on either side of the doorjamb . fear had been a constant companion since we d first seen the man thing but seeing him then sent my fear level upward . there was nowhere for us to run no other door we could escape from . it that we were trapped . there was no alternative so i prepared to fight . i behind me and i raised my lead pipe over my shoulder . he t come though . he stayed in the doorway and to look from one end of the table we were standing against to the other . he was looking at the i was sure of it . finally he back at the two of us and then he let out with another ungodly roar before disappearing back into the tunnel . s breathing was shallow and shaky but she had the presence of mind to pull out her phone . to my surprise and relief she had a signal intermittent but it was a signal . i out my phone it was the same . we both tried to make phone but neither of us could get one to connect . we tried but that t seem to work either the signal was too random . finally she tried to send an to a friend it froze up initially but eventually it to go through . that we were able to get a signal had to mean we were close to ground level maybe it was right over us . i the air vent . i up on the table and removed the grate and then i took s flashlight and brought it up to the opening with me . she continued trying to send . i raised my head into the opening and the light down the duct it to go on farther than i could see . i turned my head and the light in the other direction and was by a huge furry animal . it was almost close enough to bite me and its mouth was open . my whole body went limp . i from the opening like water through a spout and down on the table to knock the loose from at least two of the metal and then i fell to the floor . the animal whatever it was came out of the vent after me and eventually wound up on the floor next to me . i to my as did the beast and it came for me . i had no idea what kind of animal it was but it more like a rat than anything else except it was bigger than a large dog . it was incredible and with its little beady and its long . to add to the effect one side of its head was significantly than the other obviously malformed from birth . yet again . it me to flinch but then i saw my lead pipe resting on the table . thankfully i to be much more nimble than the mutant rat so i easily around it and picked up my pipe . i swung down at the creature catching it squarely between its . it and let out with a terrible noise but then it came at me again . acting on instinct i raised the pipe and brought it down over and over until the mutant rat finally lay still . oh my god said her voice sounding small and shaky . this can t be happening . who did you ? i . my whole contact list . and you told them where we were ? she shallowly . i the table again all the glowing the gone from two of them . we have to get out of here i said and her by the hand . but where ? we can t go out there that man . but we can t stay here . i at the glowing . she was reluctant to move probably too to but finally she let me lead her to the door . are you ready ? i . before she d had time to answer there came a ghoulish roar from the man thing from somewhere down the tunnel to our left . before i d even had a chance to say anything about us going the other way there came another roar similar to the first but in tone from our right . oh no said barely than a whisper . i led her back inside the room back to the table with the glowing and said we had to go through the air duct . what if there s another another rat ? she with real fear in her voice . that s a chance we have to take . maybe we should wait here somebody will come . somebody will read my and come . just then there came a roar from the corridor then another with the tone both of them sounding much closer than they had before . we at each other then i to the door then to the table with all the glowing and then to the dead rat on the floor . we have to go i said . we don t have a choice . i back up on the table and she me . with some effort i to lift myself into the duct which thankfully was big enough for me to sit and turn around in and then i up after me . she gave me the flashlight and then we crawling . the following is and extract from the statement by the child protective daddy taught me how to navigate through he told me not to post anything though because he that was too young a age to post anything here . but now i need people ' s help . my mommy had now . so daddy . it all days ago . the in or country was also being . i still ' t go out because i was in the apparent vulnerable group . days ago my mommy and daddy went out of house ' s main door for a walk . that ' s when the weird to happen . usually when mommy and daddy go out for a walk i just watch some . they sometimes come back and drink water and stuff like taking that they have forgotten . they then proceed to go out of the house and bang the front door . days when mommy and daddy went out for a walk . i watching . at around after they had gone for a walk i the the front door opening i thought mommy came back to drink water . i her pick up some . i figured mommy can ' t forget the everyday i bet she just comes to check up on me . it was all fine till five and i was to hear the click of the front door that it had been closed . then i some screaming coming from the bed room . i towards the bedroom " mommy ? " no response " is that you " i was beginning to think about it was a . i the bedroom door . was just like how in the when they want to show how are silent the wind in that was exactly the sound the room was making . it had eerily silent . i now to nothing else but hear some sound . i the door and ran towards room . i sat back and watched bean . mommy and daddy came back an hour later . it was past my bedtime so mommy told me get into bed . " did you and daddy come back an hour ago . " " no honey . why would you think that ? " " i thought some one came in our house when you were gone . " " must be your overactive imagination sugar now get into bed . " " alright " i . i got into the bed . mommy and daddy soon . we all slept in one bed by the way . at night i woke up around . i to pee . i was about to get up when mommy ' s head towards me . it was dark so i could barely see her face . but i thought that her we ' re open but they were all white . i got and got out of bed and ran towards the . i got some water . and drank it . i went to the bathroom and peed with the door open i thought if i closed it i would be trapped their forever . i to wash my and my face in the sink . in the mirror i saw her staring at me . but her were all white . she her mouth and it lower and lower until i could see her ripping and blood dripping from there . she stated too . i in my pants again . she stepped towards me . i suddenly had a feeling that i could breathe . i could hear the air going in but it felt like it ' t enough . like try remain under water after running a mile . i closed my . " " was all i could hear i my " honey how could you pee your pants again . we have about this " . i said nothing and at her . i eventually a sorry . i my pants and slept . i fell into a very deep sleep for some and woke up around . that was when i the bite on my hand . i ' t ask mommy about this one . my mommy ' s been doing weird stuff since then . she some time at me mid day . she some times at the table . she x mark scar at her forearm now . my daddy her about it . but she said nothing and away from there as if she was offended . since then mommy very less . a day before yesterday i saw her dip her hand in boiling water . yesterday i saw her take a cutter and make a x on her hand . she ' t get out of the and the drawn up . today i went to sleep today at o clock today . i woke up around in the morning . i saw her white all again . she was . i closed my tightly . i think i slept again and woke up around . and i a crunching voice . i slowly step out of the bed and down the . i saw mommy eating daddy . just crunching his leg like a leg . i saw regret in her as soon as she saw me . she got up . " honey it ' s nothing . mommy just can ' t control herself . " i picked up a knife and . i ran towards the bedroom and locked the room behind me . i a knife stab the door . i cried for an hour . mommy kept telling me she felt really hungry . i for daddy ' s drilling kept in the cupboard . i it and got a hammer . i at the door . i am ready to open the door and i thought i can reach her head . that was my statement . the police found me with a hammer and my mother lying in a pool of blood . her head . my dad dying of blood loss . i would have gone towards the juvenile detention center but the police found evidence showing that my daddy ' s foot had been by my like i said . they found of meat in her mouth and stomach . its been an month since then . been living in a foster home . now my brother . everything was going fine until last day . me if i had been back while he was watching . yesterday i a x mark scar on my forehand . too days ago when i was boiling water for the tea i felt my hand go numb . it felt really cold . as if had gone minus degree . i could see my hand turn blue . i dipped my in the water it felt lukewarm and gave me . yesterday i was sleeping and the sun hit my leg . i felt an infinite amount of pain in my leg and i my leg . it felt like sunburn for the rest of the day . and i spent the rest of the day searching for a invisible sunburn but found nothing . i avoid the sun now . today when i was brushing my teeth i my teeth were a little shaper . i feel hungry all the time now . no matter how much i eat i can ' t feel my stomach fill up even a bit . i keep wondering how good would taste . i a bit while looking at him . help me out . been losing sleep forever thinking this . i may have done something i shouldnt have done and i think its why . maybe someone can make sense of my . been as the entire quarantine so i mostly spend some days just cleaning the entire house . i just graduated and its been hard to come by a job so me right ? . i wish this in my country would be over i really miss going outside . i upon this strange part of my house one day while i was cleaning . see i may be but childish and i like exploring . our house those ceiling that can be which lead into some above apparently . i will post for reference after i check it out again next time but pretty sure other have this . theres also not much to expect up there other than ur usual like . u might think weird but since all alone at home boredom driven me to the point where i clean that passageway up there . sometimes id leave it for days or and end up being the same stinking rut it was previously . full of rat and sometimes . the dust on the would be a hassle to clean as well but i get obsessive when it comes to cleaning everything to be perfect . anyway cleaning the ceiling passageway always been the perfect excuse for me to go exploring . it ridiculous but always the thought that my house might have its own . like a closed off section no one or a hidden room like in the . i think been reading too much guess always been a at heart . well three days ago i around up there and i still didnt find any hidden . however i to find this key . its a pretty normal boring key . however it was attached to this metal key ring which had this small rectangular name tag attached to it . it read " mang . " after dusting the key off it really doesnt look that old theres minimal rust on it for something that must have been up there forever . then again what do i know no expert at or aging same goes for the key ring . i was thinking when i got it but what the hell a key would be doing up there in the first place . maybe my and dad lost it up there when they were still here ? why would they be going up there tho ? little did i know that damn key would be the start of sweat and scream filled nights . i dont even recall going to sleep . guess i must have gone to my room after washing the and just on the bed . sometimes i get so sleepy i just head straight to my bed and pass out cold i literally drop everything . the first time i had a nightmare it rattled me to my very core . i will never ever forget the first nightmare i had and the first night i lost sleep . the first thing i felt was the feeling of warm wetness on my like i just touched a puddle of milk on a table or something . it would always be the first thing that would stir me to consciousness . then i the feeling of wetness on my right cheek i was lying down on my right side and the gross feeling of wet hair even if my ' t open yet i ' d just know . while i normally don ' t have a problem with feeling wet hair sticking to my forehead after taking a bath it ' s a different case when it ' s the first thing i ' d be feeling after just fallen asleep especially when i ' m lying on my bed . except i ' m not lying on my bed . one side of my face was on hard unforgiving ground unlike the soft smooth fabric that used to be so familiar to me i ' d fall asleep or wake up . if i had to wager a guess it ' s probably concrete but god what it really was . all these little would keep me until enough sensory information that ' t make sense at all would be cause enough for my mind to be disturbed . for my mind to wake up and realize something wasnt right . at this point i ' m starting to feel too to open my . i don ' t know what i ' m doing there or where i am . why i ' m here or what time it is . matter fact go all the w ' s as well as how i got there in the first place . all i know was i ' t want to know the to my . not yet anyway i ' t ready yet . i could have sworn my heart was beating a billion times per minute . i could practically hear it roaring in my and i could feel my own labored breathing . this was always the case whenever i was frightened i always to catch a breath as if i more and more air . since i was fully conscious i knew there was nothing left to do but open my and face whatever sight i had to see first . by this point i was already aware of the feeling of wetness everywhere else . aware of the realization that soaked and in sweat and water all the way down to my clothes . it felt like i took a dip in my swimming pool or swam elsewhere like our local beach but none of it ever made sense the last memory i would always recall every single time was going to sleep on my bed in my bedroom . i as i felt the uncomfortable way my wet clothes wrapped around my body so tightly and how sticky my own skin felt . not wanting to waste a second longer i up the courage to open my . above my head i could see a bright light shining down on me though i ' t ascertain where exactly it was coming from . just my my vision was still blurry perhaps trying to adjust to the sudden amount of light which me . while my even further i to notice two other an aftertaste on my tongue which i just ' t stand and an awful smell which i must have i why my clothes were so wet . my head was facing the floor in such a manner that i would no doubt be seeing mostly floor when i my . however as my vision gradually clearer the first thing that immediately stood out to me was the color red . very dark of red . i felt myself get a momentary mental block as i forced myself to make sense of the situation but to no avail since my mind just ' t work for me . the hell was going on ? all at once it to form together in my mind . the connected the taste of iron in my mouth the awful smell and the fact that i found myself lying on the ground in what to be a puddle . as my mind all the information together so did the horror dawn on me that i ' t lying on the ground in a puddle of water . it was a puddle of blood . that night sure my must have a blood scream . it took me screaming to snap out of my nightmare . however what i saw next made my blood run cold in my right hand i was holding the key i found that day . like i said man i drop everything before i sleep and i havent touched the key all day sure of it . i was so exhausted from the experience that it left me unable to make any more sound let alone a second scream . afterward i was a nervous wreck . for the rest of the night the on and my open . we bought it because one of her had one and my wife thought it was a good idea . purple was her favorite color but my wife decided to go with pink . when it in the mail i the box and my wife where she had ordered it from . i got it from . ah yes two day free shipping can t beat that . the box gave the and that its maximum range was three . well that s good she be able to reach us whenever she goes over to a friend s house i told my wife . but t that make us look a bit psychotic and untrusting ? my wife . no it will just be there so if she needs something or a question she can reach out to us and plus she will think it s fun ! i . pretty soon our daughter was taking the pink talkie almost everywhere she went except school . when she would go over to her friend s house she would talk to me on the talkie and ask me if she could have this snack or that snack . had really driven home the fact that before she ate anything at her friend s house she would need to ask permission . she was just old and she had little self control . our daughter with the talkie and she would often sing to us and reassure us that she was when we her how she was . i would say that we were lucky . our daughter s best friend lived right behind us . we met when we in and i was cutting the grass . ever since then they have and and . we often sent her over with her talkie . one day she went over to play and we t hear anything for over an hour . we over the talkie hey my love are you ? her voice came in quiet daddy we are hide and go seek . oh have fun ! i whispered back . five went by and our doorbell rang . she is probably coming back for a drink of water or she needs to go potty i thought to myself . our neighbor stood in front of the door . what s going on where s anna ? i . we been hide and seek for about now and we can t find her . we keep calling for her to come out but she won t my neighbor . i got on the talkie and out to my daughter where are you ? daddy needs you to come home now please . daddy why did it get so dark all of a sudden ? she whispered . i stopped and at the talkie in disbelief . i could not believe this child was about to try to scare me . i need you to come out of wherever you are right now i . she t respond . come on out my love daddy is not mad just tell me where you are i reassured her . i m getting cold daddy and it s so dark i can t see anything . it s look i m at the neighbor s house and i m going to find you just stay where you are i quickly . panic was starting to set in . my wife came over from our house and was starting to panic and scream for our child . minute went by . went by . hour went by . day went by . week . month . year . i don t know what . the talkie never went off again after that last message from her . we never found her and no one can explain to us what to her . i just hope that she got some comfort from her mother and i telling her that we love her and that we will find her . i continue to search for her in the dark with my talkie by my side . it took me to understand and put together the series of that that day . though i remember it vividly . it was after all the funeral of my grandfather frank . i him dearly . he and i was really close . he was a tricycle driver and he would take me with him doing his and up . after that he d buy me ice cream and my favorite bun . it was also my th birthday . but instead of a birthday cake in my living room there was my grandpa lying dead in an open casket . that was by far the worst day of my life but what during that day of the funeral service i find to be most mysterious . my name is by the way . and i live in city eastern in the . i am this experience to you my as a precautionary tale . i never am a superstitious fellow nor do i have a fascination for the that go bump in the night . as a i grew up with the of and . some of these me to good behavior . looking back as an adult now i came to believe that was all it was . a technique by to get like me to fall in line with the . but what that day ago goes well beyond that notion . it was the first day of the wake and the funeral had just finished making everything presentable . my are already there busy with a make shift tent and up for family and . seeing everybody moving about made me realize how alone i was . i did not mind that none of my and even that it was my birthday even back then i understood that they kept moving to be but it t change the fact that i was the only one there at the moment grieving my frank . as i was their on the good times we had together i a faint screech of an animal clearly in distress . it snapped me out of my sadness for a while and curiosity got the better of me . drying my i went out the backdoor to investigate . there i saw was three of my restraining the biggest pig i ever seen . one of my to at the to hold it down more tightly watch the head ! he said . he was trying to tie the pig down by its . clearly he was concern about being bitten . the struggle continued for a few more but ultimately they were able to restrain the animal . my uncle then come at it with a knife and stab the pig in its neck . you could imagine the deafening noise that . the pig was thrashing and as if it was more angry than in pain . its were in lock at my three and if not for the restraint i believe it would come for them . amidst the commotion my mother picked me up and brought me back inside . she carried me to their bedroom where my father and grandmother was . i never clearly what they were talking about because their conversation turned discreet when my mother and i . but from what i could gather was that it was not a pleasant conversation . my was crying and scolding my father about something and papa was and keep on ra mana in our native tongue which only ! my mother then put me on the bed and said stop your right now ! she pointed out that if not for that animal outside screaming its off the whole house could hear them argue . my who was the wife of my dead grandfather still was hysterical and off . one thing she said though that really stuck to my memory . she said i will not eat it i will not eat your father ! funny enough from that day on i thought that my was a witch or a ghoul . she and i was the opposite of my at least in of closeness . there was no doubt she us but she is more like an authority figure rather than a sweet old grandmother which most of you my are so familiar of . the day went by smoothly . most of my and arrive with all my other . i thought then that it was the most birthday celebration of my life . grown up now i that a funeral more people together . that night it felt more akin to a celebration rather than a wake . and i felt that my was with us . though i miss his piggy back i was always on his every year as i blow out my . but this year my father took over for him . my mother then gave me a slice of my birthday cake and a chunk of pork on top of a cup of rice and potatoes . it was so good that the butchering of the pig i never crossed my mind . everybody was happy and enjoying the meal it was all so festive . then i saw my grandmother who had a face of disgust that even a nine year old boy can clearly identify . we locked and she that i saw her making that face . she tried to smile and came at me and gave me a big hug . she then me on my and with a tear in her me a happy birthday . i never saw her ate the whole week . nearly to that day i am now on the same situation . instead of my grandfather it was my now my grandmother in the casket . i was busy setting up the and doing the same my did all those ago . looking in the living room where i was sitting alone grieving for my was my father and it was the same exact thing . we were all so busy and he was there now alone . i know how he felt so i stopped what i was doing and came to console him . he then told me why this time we won t butcher a pig . that was the reason they all those back . she me that a monovalent spirit or an would switch the dead . in this case the pig and my grandfather . it would then cast a spell that everybody at the wake will never see the switch even if it s in front of them until the last day of funeral when the body is returned to the earth . my father never it the last day of the funeral came . he had one last big and behind teary he told me son i was the last person who had a glimpse of what was inside that gasket . it was not your grandpa it t even human . i was sick to my stomach but i had to ask him papa if it t in there what did we ate ? it was around . my wife year old daughter year old son and me into this house in a quiet forest . it was beautiful in daylight but as soon as the sun was gone it was a nightmare to be there . our house was fairly new . it t fancy or big or something like that . it was rather cheap . whenever we went to sleep i could hear . my first thought was that my son hooked up with his . disgusting . i often my son about it . he doing anything . after a few i him he t be able to do it days in a row . a few after the conclusion it t my son i hearing in the mix of . it was disturbing . everyone in the house it too . when i woke up i felt on my body . sleep paralysis right . maybe but it was suspicious . the and now this . i t let it get to me . my wife felt it too as well as my son and my daughter . this went on for . we were getting used to it though it kept getting more intense . on one unfortunate day my daughter to scream really hard . my wife and i immediately ran to her room . i was chilled to the bone . there were coming out of the wall they were her into the wall . her face was in there i her and . the sound of her screaming through that wall was . my son came in the . he me pull her . but after of the most disturbing tug of war ever she was gone . i lost her . we all to throw up . i was thinking of breaking down the wall . i decided not to do it because i t want that thing in there to be set free as much as i my daughter back . of mourning past . it was back to the usual and . my son was a boy scout . so he was at camp for a few days . my wife and i were home alone it was outside you know where this is going . . . after that i went to take a shower after my wife did . i was in the shower when i my wife screaming . i put a towel around me and found my wife being in the wall . her were in there first . we each other s arms . and i trying to save her again . she was down in there to her . at this point her flaming red and she let out a demonic screech . i i had already lost her . i made the hard decision to let her go . i all the money i could find put on my clothes and drove off . two days later my son would come back from camp . i decided to wait for him in front of the house . i for two . i went into the house to check for him . i went to his room only to find scratch all over the place . he t there . i went to my new apartment . i still have . i a new life since . note sorry if there are any . i m on mobile and t my mother tongue . around the summer of when i was about ish i spent the summer in south with my uncle from the middle of june to the middle of august . during my time him and i had quite a few interesting accidentally ourselves being by a grizzly bear driving home through a tornado but this one is the one that i can t stop thinking about . towards the end of my stay we decided that we would go on one last hike . we had been a few times beforehand and bear and figured we could squeeze in one more . he going for roughly a mile overnight camp hike in cloud peak wilderness wy . when we got there we for about on trail before he going off trail for a little bit . at some point we came across an opening that had a medium sized lake a waterfall and flat rock mixed with the surrounding . we decided to set up camp for the night near the but still on soft ground . we set up the tent a small fire and hung up our food to avoid any nosey . during the night we a variety of . from snapping and one of the howling in the distance . my uncle brought his th generation the first that were able to play and . he put on star a new hope . we re both people who can t sleep without background noise and frankly the background of the at night was starting to make me feel slightly unsettled . i fell asleep within about to of the movie starting . when i woke up the movie was over and the screen was black but it was still very dark out so i t know what time it was . within of waking up i hear a loud sound . it was fast and rhythmic but not repetitive it t ever sound the same as the last phrase . my brain to woodpecker immediately but then i that they don t peck at night . it to be getting my heart was beginning to race and i was starting to freeze up . to my horror the sound multiplying now coming from every direction . some were close some like they could have been away . from what i could it like there was possibly or distinct where the sound was coming from . my uncle awoke in the uproar of the he froze as soon as he sat up . his breathing heavy and he was noticeably . he s a big dude and i never seen him like this so if he that way i definitely know my fear is valid . we both at each other in absolute horror and confusion . the we re nearly hurting our at this point but all of a sudden through the sound there was a gunshot in the distance by a loud screech . the only way i can describe it was like a roar mixed with a woman s blood scream . the air still everything instantly silent . the only sound being my breath and the breeze . my uncle and i just sat there for what felt like but was probably only . after we were able to gain some self control we decided the only thing we could do was go back to sleep . obviously that t happening . so i laid there for maybe just listening to the still silent atmosphere . once morning broke we up as fast as we could not speaking a single word and back . we tried to remember the way in which we had gotten there but for some reason nothing familiar . we each other with trying to maybe spark a memory . nothing worked and we t recall a single detail of our hike beyond the point of being on the trail . we for that the direction we were heading was right . eventually we found some relief when we the trail . we saw a trail sign and at it to try to figure out where we were . we were confused when we that we were still from where we . how ? how did we hike for so long and still be out when we only for a mile hike ? we got back to the car and drove home . once home we for the area where we and we were actually able to find it . what i t understand was that it was for where we and yet somehow we don t remember anything about the hike . to this day we don t really talk about it that much . we have some sort of unspoken agreement to acknowledge that what t normal and i think we re still to this day trying to process it . this was and still is one of the most terrifying and strange of my life . so what the hell that day night ? if anyone any or similar please share them . thanks for reading . the death of hit me hard . she would me for writing her name that way but i feel like it s important that people remember it in its entirety . was special she that much . i t get to spend long with her but i was grateful that i d met her at all . the committee s initiative to shop for vulnerable during had been to benefit those but i believe that i had more than she ever me . she d become my lifeline in that short time . the only distraction from my atrocious . and she was gone . when i got off the phone from i lit up a cigarette for . i quietly at my fold up table into my cup of tea . i t understand why she would do what she did . walking into the lift between . and . as the who inhabited it were at the height of their frenzy was an unmistakable suicide . i felt the pang of loss . it in turn an emotional muscle memory and i was put back in the place i had been in all those ago i felt every emotion i had felt when i stepped into the lift and repeated the ritual . when i to a life spent as one of them . was the first to perish in the lift since the apart on the night we in . the whole block are aware of the which ironically made the risk pretty low . prudence negligence had lead to my tragedy but there was nothing to explain what had to my new friend . i had only known her for a short time but she really was full of life . she spoke about missing her son and grandson and how we would get to have a cup of tea together that i t have to drink in the corridor one day . she had . i t believe that she d to die . her last of advice to me rang through my mind . one of your needs help . you need to know that it is possible . what if she had been talking about herself and she just t ? i if i d already her . maybe this t about at all . in my mind for what felt like sat at that table . my were eventually interrupted by a knock on the door . it was and the . i and they stood back a safe distance . i m sorry kat i know you probably want to be alone but the the knew you d be sad about and they to come and see you . i already some off to prentice and the couple next door so you don t have to worry today . was sweet . she s been nothing but nice to me right from the start and i those like my own flesh and blood . she was wrong about me wanting to be alone just seeing the my . here s an air hug kat ! made a motion with his arms gripping the thin air of the corridor . it was adorable . one of the hairless that walk the at his being careful not to brush against him so as not to burn his young skin . air back . i . i miss you . we miss you too ! mum she can t wait until you can us again ! don t be sad . added melting my heart a little . they were growing into such kind and amazing people . you would struggle to believe that they like all night long and never slept . i could see that was struggling . she had huge dark under her and had multiple times in a short interaction . i felt for her as much as i love those the lack of sleep when i do sit for them is killer . i t imagine gone as long as we d been locked down on stolen here and there like does . i can t wait either ! we re going to have so much . . . . i t finish my sentence my attention was by an almighty scraping sound coming from inside my flat . are you ? my sudden silence and change of expression . i m fine . i bluntly . i t . the noise more frantic in the background . what s that noise kat ? with a childlike innocence . i t want to lie him but i had no intention of telling the truth there was a reason i only in s flat . i t bare for the to be at risk or think of me as a monster . the scraping and scratching slowly to become and . i have to go . thank you for coming to see me . you made my day you have no idea . i see you soon i promise . and with that i shut the door and the latch . i felt awful . i never to be so rude they had me as family but after dragging them through so much when we first met i t want to subject them to him . they t deserve to suffer my . i ran to the wardrobe and froze staring at it for a few . i watched as the central line where the two met expanded and contracted with every pound from inside . as if the were breathing . he had to wheeze and grunt uncontrollably . in all these i t seen behaviour like it . i was genuinely fearful that if i the door he would rip me apart limb from limb . how the did my life come to that ? from my undead semi rodent . i sat down in front of the breathing with my back to them in an attempt to keep him in and cried . i felt like that s all i d done . cried . the fighting spirit had been out of me . i d been reduced to a mess . the pounding on the door t stop . as the time he t calm down he just more desperate frenzied . i if this was how the in the lift had before they tore him to . . . or as into their territory . maybe he was only this way because the had finally gotten a victim . my phone went multiple times it was . i threw the still ringing phone across the floor and my head in my . thump grunt buzz it a pattern . the pounding against my back the phone ringing . all the around me to become formulaic and repetitive . i it to stop so bad . i don t need this right now . i . i t expect a reply . i d spoken to him often trying with everything i could think of to dig out the man i knew with increasing futility . regardless i found it therapeutic to talk . not once had i gotten a reply . until then . ka . . . . . ka he rasped in something that i can t really describe as a proper voice . the pounding had stopped . only the raspy and of saliva dripping from his mouth . . . at he finally as if in pain . the stopped i up immediately and with the key to the padlock to open his prison . as it he at me s looking sad and desperate . i back the from my face . for a brief interlude it t the creature looking back at me it really was . it hurt . for just a moment i was truly alone with my . but it t last it t . his turned from the familiar blue tone to black . it made him look more rodent like the lack of a distinguishable iris made them beady just like a rat . i stood still watching uncomfortably as he stood on his hind out from his usual . i noted the sharp teeth underneath his deformed and fleshy nose . it was one of the few with no fur . in the blink of an eye he himself forward at my face . i was taken off guard and flew backwards as he made contact . he on top of me my face from his grotesque snout for a moment baring his teeth with a lust in those black spittle dripping onto my face from the of his . he t seem so small . it gave me just enough time to roll the fire poker i kept up against the wardrobe towards me . the entire flat was a rule of prudence s that unlike had actually proved useful . i it with my right hand as i felt his start to penetrate my chest sending a pain through my body . i the poker into the side of rat s neck . watching as deep crimson blood across the room and the of the wardrobe i to hyperventilate . he rolled off me in a heavy slump . had i him ? i thought . was my nightmare finally over ? i over the fact i t had the bottle to put him out of his misery but had been able to follow through when he me . i felt like such a selfish person . despite this i was relieved looking at the blood and the unmoving fur heap on the floor next to me . my hand shook violently me that i was still holding the poker . i it instantly with a loud clank and took a moment to breathe . my relief was short lived . the furry patchy heap on the floor to slowly rise and sink rhythmically . he was breathing . blood stopped pouring from the wound and he lethargically raised a clawed hand to wipe at the area like an animal would . i took no and dragged him back into the cupboard before his strength rebuilt . i know what you re all thinking and i assure you it crossed my mind too . just keep going keep stabbing until he t wake up . it s a reasonable thought process . i wish it were that simple but nothing in this building is . if he got up from that attack stabbing t the answer . he should been dead . . . times over with the amount of blood lost . even if i him dead at this stage i had no idea how . it me up . trying to make between his sudden ability to communicate the attack and s prediction . i t even know where to start . i a bowl of cat food next to the weary creature locked the cupboard and the second unnecessary chair from my fold out table against the of the two . i was at a total loss and were out of control . i sat on the now singular chair in my living room and smoked . i smoked and i drank tea . i think it must be some kind of ingrained coping mechanism i adopted because whilst it t cure my anxiety it did calm me down . i to tell her everything was fine . i tried to type out the truth . . . multiple times but i every single attempt . i t know how to tell her i d lied to her for all this time . so i carried on lying . she had always told me she was there if i to talk . i know she meant it she was the most loyal friend i d ever had . which is why disappointing her was even more terrifying . after a few the screaming . the inhuman earth shattering screaming with of low . had come to . the prentice s and i if the would be concerned but in a block like mine late night screaming and growling is the norm . could be eating me alive and no one might think to check . even if they did there s not much they could do to help . i and turning up their television to drown out my . it t of pain it was anger . a battle cry . the attack he d subjected me to was just a warning . i could feel the disdain coming through the thin wooden barrier separating us . if his behaviour continued i was going to be dead for sure . about pm i t take it and i decided i was going to take my government exercise and get the out of my four . the were alive . the more peaceful of our not so average had the quiet time to enjoy their home . the wrestling and chasing each other up and down the . i if they for the them too and if they d ever each other by ending up on different . as i the man on floor was as stoic as ever . i he had become somewhat of a of mine passing him on the always meant that home was nearby . hi clive ! i waved at him as i . i gave him a different name every time in the hope that one day i would get it right . he t respond t even look but then again he never did . i added clive to my catalogue of not . the boy who lived in the mirror that adjacent to the waved . his hair was and messy and he wore a green stripe t shirt . he and frantically at me in my reflection . i them back pushing up the of my nose to resemble a pig which was met with silent roaring laughter . the were poorly lit at night but i still to count every landing i . this time . not bad i thought grateful it t any worse . when i the bottom i felt a release like everything bad about my life was locked away in that flat and i was free . it was chilly outside . i had worn a thin cardigan but i could still feel it in the air . i made a beeline for the bench by the postage stamp of a garden next to the block . it was strange to see the city so empty usually outside the tower was brimming with activity but the threat of the virus had left it desolate . as i sat in the cool air i tried to clear my mind . a good friend once told me that being in nature our brains to release and it s true . the soil will literally make you happier . i tried to embrace the serenity of the nature but it was soon by a series of tiny coming from the foliage i had against the outer wall of the block . i in my for my phone and around with it until the torch turned on . i the greenery with caution not wanting to spook a cat if it was injured in there . the fallen of foliage underneath my as i got closer to the small shrub but the t stop after a gentle search i that the sound was coming from tiny . they were so small with wrinkled furless skin . they t their were open and they were relatively alert . they were for certain offspring of the that the . i was i d had no idea they could reproduce . as the of the rubbed its head against my hand i felt my singe a little . i sat with the for they took the opportunity to sit in my lap pretty quickly and i for their mother to return . i grew increasingly worried and the little naked to get cold . i set them down on the bench wrapped in my cardigan and to call for the mother shivering myself . about and nothing . i wrapped the bundle up a little for extra warmth and to search the . they were part of a bed that a third of the length of the tower block . i kept an eye on the bench and further along the foliage . i hard until i eventually found something . a fair sized ventilation grate was hidden behind one of the i t it being there when i it . poking through the metal was a vine of some that to be growing upwards through it from the inside making it impossible to see . the grate lead to what must have been a basement . a basement that the block t have . i squinted hard trying to make out the inside of the room but i t see a thing . after a few i that the vine was visibly growing around my twisting over my . it me out i my phone and to wriggle my free when i an almighty yowl coming from inside the grate . it was the kind you when were fighting outside your window . i fell backwards and was by the vine but broke the piece that was holding onto me as i at it . the shrub i had aside covered up the grate again and the stopped suddenly . i the piece of vine off my foot and my phone with the other hand . the torch was still beaming into the night sky . i tried to dig back through the but the grate was gone and so was the rest of the vine . i put the piece that had snapped off in my pocket and returned to the bench . the gave me a bad feeling about the mother so i scooped them up and carried them back inside with me . they gently the entire way . i was frozen and covered in it was approaching the time that the lift dangerous and i to make sure the were . so i t investigate the downstairs when i . i rushed up the only this time and unlocked the door to my flat . the screaming had stopped and had been by a loud raspy snoring . had finally tired himself out . i set the in a heap on the sofa and found a few and a blanket for them to curl up on . i would go and get food first thing in the morning . they were adorable up in a tiny heap . i sat at the fold out table and at the piece of vine . it t growing but it was healthy . i how it had in a basement and how it had been able to grow at such an exponential rate . how had i lived somewhere for almost a year and not it had a basement ? i the vine in a cup of water and to stress about my inability to find the grate a second time . my walk to clear my head had just bought up more . i t make sense of any of it . s death s sudden behaviour change the the basement . . . that vine . i had no idea what any of it meant but i knew i had to find out . i t want to sleep anywhere near so i curled up on the sofa next to the and put on in the background . i off to of the secret basement and what the might be down there . the next part . last at am i turned twenty eight . i suppose that pretty uneventful on its own but i d grown up my whole life believing that i was cursed to die at twenty seven like the rest of the in my family . it turns out that the curse was just a way to cover up the truth that at twenty eight i would develop extraordinary . my father had my mother and at least one of my . now i was on leaving my story there but i guess i just how hungry y all are for a revenge tale . i wish i could say that what i m about to tell you is just that a simple tale of revenge perfectly executed a gaping generational wound neatly closed with a few . been lied to all of my life i value honesty i m not going to lie to you . if that s what you are looking for i suggest you stop reading now because an entirely new source of terror come to light . after i read my birthday card last i anxiously for the clock to hit . i d been feeling the power start to trickle into me early in the morning but once the second hand made its full lap around to move the minute hand to the tick just after the five a jolt of energy through my body . it was almost painful like how i imagine being struck by lightning might feel but at the same time it felt good . i felt important powerful strong . so strong that it even me . as i eagerly accepted the full extent of my i found myself in what i can only describe as a vision an alternate setting that all around me at once . logically i knew that i was still in my living room with my on the familiar wood flooring but the ground beneath me felt rough uneven gritty . i down to find myself standing upon a shelf of sandy rock just from the edge of some great cliff . fear me mute at the top of that cliff and i swear i could feel the wind whipping all around me hear the furiously below feel the briny ocean water my face . i forward precariously over the edge at the churning sea and its infinite black and white froth . i found its movement back and forth push and pull comforting in its predictability until it as if something to upset the flow something unseen but its effects impossible to deny . there was something down there something huge enough to alter the yet hidden beneath the . more still was the palpable feeling that something me to jump to dive headfirst into the dark sea below . i felt a presence beneath the something ancient unseen vastly more powerful than i could ever hope to be . and whatever it was it me to jump . but it t have to force me it had all the time in the world and it could wait . the vision fell apart as quickly as it had my comfortable reality itself anew in mere . i frantically shook my head to oust the troubling image to rid myself of the powerful draw it had had on me . i had a job to do but first i had to figure out exactly what i could do . i knew i could move simply by willing it to happen with my mind but i was by the sudden ease of it . on a glass of water on the table i to move it just slightly to the left but it instead flew off the surface shattering as it hit the wall . i rushed to clean up the mess of glass from the carpet groaning at the wet spot . to my surprise once i down at the carpet of liquid to rise from the floor until the spot had the condensation suspended in . it s hard to explain but i just it until i finally to deposit the water in the sink . before you say anything i know i know it was stupid to test this out on something so fragile but my t exactly come with an instruction pamphlet . a dull ache grew in my heart as i i should have been learning this with my mother and i for her more than i had in . like a young child desperately reaching up with arms i my mommy . i t help but think of the fear i felt the first time i got my period it silly but i was bleeding and i thought i was dying simply because i t have my there to explain it to me . and my dad t be to parent his child . my dad the thought of him came with an overwhelming rage . with my alive in a way they d never been before i felt every cell in my body teeming with kinetic energy until the in the lamp beside me burst . i as i the vision but none of that was important just then it was time i my old man a visit . though he could never repay me for the i d i intended to collect the one thing that would come close his miserable life . i for my room to pack a small bag but before i knew what had i d head first into my bedroom door . i rubbing a palm over what would certainly be a bruise forming across my forehead . i figured then that i could move much faster now that i d have to be careful . this certainly made for my impromptu trip easier though so i was down in the garage much than . i slid into my car and slipped my key in the ignition . a familiar paranoia forced me to hesitate before opening the garage door but i through it just as i the button to meet the outside world for the first time in a year . wincing as the morning light into the dark room i guess i forgot just how bright the sun really is i open the to retrieve a pair of . i put them on before out of the garage out of the safety i d clung to for so long . the drive was fairly ordinary though fear set in as i thought on all of the that unanswered why had my father my family ? why lie about some curse ? and most of all who had the letter ? was it just some trick to get me out of ? was i wandering into a trap ? to avoid into uncertainty fear and worry i spent some time thinking on my past about my mother s death then both of my within days of one another later . i coming out to my dad soon after that in a desperate plea for acceptance for love from my one family member . then i thought on his hateful response and the attack i later that my decision to cut all and move away . we t spoken in all of those but i was ready to face him at least i hoped . i t be sure what me t be sure at all . i on the street across from our old family home six later where his old navy truck sat in the driveway . i took a moment to collect myself at his front door my as i myself for the task at hand . then i directed my energy into the barrier until it exploded inward my body to carry me at full speed into the living room where i knew i d find him . as he was sitting there . what i t expect to see was the gun he had pointed at his head . i took hold of it with my mind it across the room . l laura ? he a dumb look on his face . what the what the hell are you doing here ? the hell are you doing dad ? i retorted to where the gun had fallen with a nod of my head . how did you find me ? why did you send the letter ? a perplexed look crossed his one that told me he had no idea what i meant . his lack of knowledge did little to comfort me someone had still found me had drawn me out of . at that moment i think he the situation he d found himself in what i intended to do . he to scramble up from his chair but i my focus on his body pressing him back into it . you don t get to leave dad i . he as i the pressure on his chest . for once you will listen to me . he strained against my influence but he was stuck . and he knew it . i know you and maybe joy too i know you lied about the curse i a flicker of anger surging as i acknowledged the harsh truth aloud . but the question i can t stop myself is why ? why wait so long to kill us why even have us at all ? hesitating he frantically around the room for escape . i at his in his lap then brought my attention to his thumb filling it with my energy until the within an ivory shard piercing through his flesh . as i my stare to his index finger he in agony no don t ! no . . . he took a deep breath as blood from his maimed appendage . i was . . . i was supposed to have a son . when your mother to provide one i was told to i was told to kill her off to wait to see if you or your could have a son . i i just did as i was told . a cowardly response from a cowardly man . who told you ? i his index finger back slowly waiting . he t respond until after i d snapped the digit at the knuckle . p please he running down his wrinkled face . he at his hand as his middle finger to lift next . some some sort of cult they breed the in your family the are under the " curse " and their sons quietly taken away . . . i don ' t know what they want with them but they they said all i had to do was give them a son then kill your mother your you and i d be set for life . but you and your you you t any . especially not you when you told me that you d gone against god i that you d never have any that you were the only one left so i took into my own . with that admission i crumpled his entire hand into itself his jutting out at all . you don t mean i breathed my voice cracking despite my not to give him the satisfaction of hurt me . he in pain before with a low guttural laugh . you you t think that attack was random did you ? he . harsh of the brutal invasion forced upon me the assault i d all at once suddenly taking on a new meaning as i understood my father s part in my trauma that he d sent my attacker . both my focus and my hold on him broke . he leapt up surprisingly quick on his after of sedentary alcoholism . i to will him back to his original position but i t . i felt like a little girl once more by the as her daddy s shadow closer . i was weak powerless again in the face of my father a man who ' d done nothing but hurt me . a man who ' d ruined my life in more ways than i could have possibly known . i tore after him through the kitchen and down the hallway until i finally cornered him taking hold of him and him into a wall . a salty odor perfumed the air as a wind swept through . did it make you feel like a big man to take everything from me ? ! to kill my mother ? ! to take my away ? ! i in an unearthly bellow . an incomprehensible power in and out of me i watched frozen as the of his crushed all at once . he as the crunching up his lower then further still . by the time his thigh snapped in a gruesome compound fracture his mouth just hung open . did it make you feel strong to to and despite the magnitude of power coursing through me i fell silent unable to complete the sentence unable to say it aloud . your own child dad . i took a deep breath before willing the flesh of his face in alternate . a fissure formed first in the center of his forehead then down the bridge of his nose ripping his face in two . you little plan worked though dad i did get pregnant . i got rid of it of course i leaning forward to add in a whisper i wonder if it was a boy . he his mouth to fight back but i was done listening . do they know i m alive ? ! i the growing wound until the two sides had completely . they t he blood out of his lying mouth . but they sure as will now . . . . and they were on their way already . he was right it t wise to stick around . i my knife from my back pocket the blade at one side of his neck before dragging it across his throat until i d sliced him ear to ear . i could have him with my but this this is something i to do by hand . the relief it brought was short lived . i returned to my car and immediately set a course back for home . i and i them yesterday . i could no longer ignore the power of the illusion i d experienced that morning . . . i m hesitant to admit it even now but i found myself back there on that cliff again in my father s house . the clamor of the pounding against rock drew me in forcing me to step to the very edge forcing me to stare into the sea far below . a feeling of unbridled hatred extended itself to me there . that time i t attempt to rid myself of the strange vision . that time i it . and i lost myself for a moment surging with uncontrollable power a mere spectator as his lower half was maimed . more than that i said i t lie to you and i won t but i did lie to my father . i t get rid of my child in the way i d . part of me to prove that i could be a better parent than he was but i knew i t . so i well i gave him away . i sped down the highway home infinitely more than when i d left i to find the source of the letter i to figure out what the hell the meant i to know if i d unwittingly myself to something sinister . and more importantly i to know that my child was safe from the cult that so desperately him . i need to find my i slowly consciousness i felt a wave of dullness wash over my mind . i ' t move much less remember what had before i out . my burned as i them . i ' d spent too much time in darkness to quickly adapt to the incessant flow of light . hello ? i tried to call out but what from my was merely a whisper . once i could finally see i took note of the room i ' d in . the floor and ceiling were all covered in weird sound insulation foam . i tried to get to my but my to . they ' t atrophied but had significantly . that fact alongside my groggy mind made me realize i must have been . is there anyone there ? i a bit that time . no response . i tried to think back at my own for even the scrap of information . i ' d been heavily that much was clear but why they ' d me in a sound proof room i ' t know . after what felt like an eternity i finally to pull myself up onto my . still feeling wobbly i to look for an exit . alas everything around me was perfectly sealed in that ridiculous foam . i back to the floor still exhausted from sleep . that ' s when i truly just how quiet it was . the room ' t just keeping sound in but it kept everything out as well . no people talking no traffic not even the sound of water built into the . it was deafening . i my breath and my ear against the wall . . . nothing . all i could hear was my own heart beating and the sound of my churning away at whatever i ' d eaten the day before . what almost fascinating at first quickly my worst nightmare . within the room i was the only source of sound and in the absence of any external stimulus the silence got . please let me out of here ! i . then i remember something . nothing more than a faint hint of a distant memory a glance into a time long since . it was a meeting a conversation i ' d had with a man i ' t recognize . why are you here ? the man . i ' m sorry sir ? this ' t a good place . you ' re young healthy . ' t you be out in the real world maybe find a wife ? i had one . . . the brief memory was cut short by a paper floating through the air . while distracted someone had a note through the ceiling . hey what the hell is this ? let me out ! i as i for whatever hole the note had come from . without a response i picked the paper up . it was oddly soft almost no sound as my brushed over it . on it was a single line of text . day listen . listen to what ? i out . i running around the room desperately trying to pry the foam off the in search of a way out . it was a futile task and before long i to the floor in exhaustion . the still in my body and i ' t think clearly enough to form a coherent escape plan . there ' s a significant difference between being deaf and living in absolute silence . same goes for being blind versus being put into darkness . with sensory but no input your mind it upon itself to come up with stimuli . anything even remotely audible a thousand times over . as my mind away another memory my brain . so that ' s it ? the man . you lost her and now you ' re here . he . what to her ? i her i with a trembling voice . once i awoke once more i was immediately by the produced by my own internal . god shut up ! i at myself . there were no within the room . each word i spoke simply into the insulation foam . i had to constantly keep talking to myself just to keep my own bodily at bay . that ' s the first time i how desperately i to use the bathroom . what if i need to take a piss then ? i out loud . with that one of the foam up from the ground . beneath lay little more than a small foam covered tunnel . even my own stream of urine fell silently down into the darkness below . once i finished relieving myself another piece of paper fell from the ceiling . alongside it a stream of water . it hit the ground almost without a sound and was immediately absorbed by the foam . nevertheless i dove under it from a day without liquid . after the stream stopped i picked up the second piece of paper . day do you hear them yet ? it read . what the are you talking about ? i to no one in particular . still no response . not that i anything else . i spent most of day two investigating the room . with the from my system i could finally think . though despite being clear of mind my hazy . there was no way out . no in the horrendous facade . i was alone in an isolated room . the churning of my the only thing to keep me company . i tried lying in different to muffle the but it felt as if they just grew . confused and trapped i had another memory flash by . it ' s an chamber . the place in the entire world . a concrete block resting on a spring plate isolated with sound proof foam to make sure not a single sound can get in nor out . while one at this one is special one by my own design the man said . it must have been expensive . what ' s the point ? i . to make people hear the truth . on the third day i ' t awake until i the faint sound of water the foam . i shot to my and drinking from the short lasting stream . that time they even down some weird loaf of bread . it was heavy and with strange of vegetable and some kind of . a note also down alongside the food and water . day accept it it read . it felt like pure ecstasy to hear the bread tear apart as i bit into it . finally an audible sound that ' t come from my own . unfortunately it was short lived . as soon as the bread had been eaten i was once again into absolute silence . i tried to keep myself preoccupied by talking but my voice could only keep going for so long before my throat dried out . i then that they were purposefully keeping my water supply limited to prevent exactly that . i ' d be too weak to fight back too weak to keep talking but healthy enough to remain conscious . there i sat listening to my own work . i them disgusting of flesh that produced squishy sickly that never . then i something new a faint voice hidden beneath the sound of my beating heart . please just make it stop . i can ' t take it the voice said . it to that of a woman . oddly familiar yet so strange . hey where are you ? i out . it so much . i don ' t deserve this why is this happening to me ? there was no discernible location for the sound . it almost felt as if it was coming from both nowhere and everywhere all at once . come on i need to know where you are if i ' m going to help you ! ? it so much please help me ! she before the voice into thin air . ? oh my god i out praying her voice would return . it had been my wife the voice i ' d to hear for so long . i almost ' t believe it . through the immense silence i ' d the love of my life and she was suffering . i cried as of her back how she had . i ' m sorry i said out loud . i ' m so so sorry . please forgive me . but she ' t real . she had to be a figment of my imagination or a hallucination brought on by the quiet room i ' d been living in . as i into the foam floor my mind involuntarily back to my most recent partially intact memory . how did she die ? the man . why are you me these ? i already the for project . because you might be able to talk to her again . the fourth day and another piece of paper from the ceiling . day don ' t ignore them . they ' re as real as you and me it read . i tore the letter apart . not out of anger but to enjoy the barely audible sound it produced as i it to . i made sure they were only thin keeping it going for as long as possible . i savored every moment of it before i was forced back into silence . no sooner had the silence returned before i hearing all around me . at first they were just incomprehensible that ' t make any sense . but among it all i call out for me . stay away . it ' s not safe here ! she . but she ' t the only one . there were of muffled all around me . i tried to filter them out only on my wife ' s beautiful voice but as time they kept getting . day five . i was on the brink of total insanity . the had kept me awake for only to vanish when the next paper quietly hit the ground . the will set you free . it was a temporary relief . after i ' d torn the paper to the immediately returned . each hour gone made them and i could do nothing to block them out . day six came and went in the blink of an eye the had fused together . the mess of sound that came from all around me just never for a single second . even as i with my hoarse voice they just kept coming . the only real thing i remember from the day is the note that fell from the ceiling . keep quiet and let them guide you . once i ' d lost my voice completely i sat back and . i let the overrun my mind still growing and and . that ' s when i that they ' t at all . . . they were . each of the thousand that had me were for help . the people wherever they came from were in perpetual unrelenting pain . they were begging me for a way out but i could do nothing save listen to their infinite suffering . in the midst of it all i still the voice of my wife . i don ' t know why hers was or clearer than the ' . i ' d been clinging firmly to the idea that it was all in my head but my sanity ' t prevail for much longer . soon i ' d have to give in . let me the out of here ! i as loud as i could with my hoarse voice . my mind was rapidly . day eight was a haze of broken and day nine ' t fare much better . i stopped reading the . the kept going among them i could hear discernible and but ' t be until the tenth day before i could finally understand them . help me please ! a child cried . you ' re not real none of you are real i said back . but you can hear us ! you ' re nothing but of my broken mind you ' re all in my head . that ' t mean we ' re not real . i i can prove it ! how ? the last note that feel from the ceiling . it ' s a list of . i over at the i still haven ' t checked . as i picked one up i he was right . henry peter . i the paper and picked up another . the same list same people but no . who are they ? i . they are the people you ' re supposed to find the child . i ' m one of them . my name is . what to you ? but it was too late his voice had faded away by the continuous of torture . i kept my fixed on the paper and as i read the one more time another memory by . do you know what to do ? the man . yes sir . we need to sedate you and you ' undergo electroshock therapy . it ' s the only way you ' be susceptible to the environment . i understand . i plainly . it ' s dangerous . i don ' t care . it also you ' be extremely when you wake up . you might have forgotten who i am or even who you are . that ' s why it ' s of the utmost importance that you keep the mission in mind . don ' t forget it let it be the only thing you remember . for the next day i sat in a corner barely drinking or eating . all i did was repeat the on the list the mystery would somehow unravel itself . henry . . . peter . . . who the hell are you ? i to myself . then as if a switch had been on i suddenly understood . the the the everything i ' d for the past eleven days made sense . a veil had been from my mind and i could understand everything they ' d been trying to tell me . ? my wife out for me . you ' re still with me i with a hint of joy . i don ' t have much time . it ' s hard to keep she said clearly struggling . what ' s happening to you ? it ' s not important right now . i just need you to know that it ' t your fault . her of comfort hardly masked the pain she was in . yes it was . i was before i could finish my sentence i was interrupted by more deafening screaming . it ' s time for you to leave she said . wait are you ? i mean where you are . she . no none of us are . i ' m sorry she said with a trembling voice . with that she for the last time and a final paper fell from the ceiling . day did you find them ? i took a moment just to listen . there among the pain i them call out for me . they ' d been apart of the same project as me and had since . yet they the i to get out of the room . there was something scattered around within the foam . seven buttons that had to be in a certain order . based on the i could easily open the door . just the act of finding them was a feat on its own so the correct sequence surely meant i ' d made contact with the other side of life . i stepped outside . for the first time in almost two i saw another human being . welcome back . you made it the man said . i ' t respond i just past him and traversed the long towards the end of the chamber . once outside i just to the ground and to all the insignificant around me . water flowing through the silent hum of old florescent light shuffling around the facility it was all equally heavenly . once i ' d gotten used to the real world the man me . he was my boss i could remember that much but my still hazy due to whatever treatment i ' d been given before entering the chamber . are you ready to talk ? he . i sat down by the table listening to the scrape against the solid floor . the he said . do you remember them ? henry peter i without skipping a beat . and you ' re aware of what to them ? i . tell me . henry age . away from fourth stage lung cancer . he up for the project a month before his death . payment was supposed to be sent to his family . go on . peter age . with and immediately up for the project . age . from heart failure . and ? . he ' t a part of the project he was a child . i still don ' t know what to him . neither do we the man said as at me a smirk born from completion of selfish . good work and how are they doing now ? he continued . i thought back to everything i ' d . through the i ' d been given mostly and . it took me a moment just to put it all together . they ' re in pain . they say the last moment of consciousness they ever experienced is what they ' been going through for every moment since their passing . there ' s no safe haven on the other side no paradise only the everlasting pain they felt before death . he scribbled down some onto a piece of paper . a smile still his face as if his had been confirmed . thank you . we at owe you a great debt for your . this the end of our partnership . as agreed you ' be well provided for he said as he for a couple of to take me away . as they me towards the exit . my boss gave me a final glance . enjoy the rest of your life he said . i the few that i had . there were still multiple in my memory over the past year but i suppose that ' s why they let me just go . i know nothing about the people in charge even my knowledge about the project is scanty . once i returned home i to remember the life i ' d left behind . the rough of my dead wife . i ' d up to get away from my failure to keep her safe . and when the man first told me i could talk to her again i was ecstatic . it was a mistake . . . because even now that i ' m a hundred away from the chamber i still hear them screaming . they never stop they ' re in so much pain . and once we die we ' all join them in their misery . name is lee not my real name and i am currently here at the u . s . embassy in china . why am i here you ask ? well let me start from the beginning . . . about two ago i was sent out on a mission of to search for a friend of mine who went missing about a month ago in north . several were made to contact him but it all proved futile . there were the of course that he was at the infamous camp in north . so ' s me to help them in finding him funded with their money of course and i agreed . within days i left for from lax there are no direct train from south to the north . as i the plane i quickly found my seat and settled in for the long flight that was ahead of me . seventeen later i finally in . exhausted i decided to head straight to the hotel where i for the rest of the night . around am i had breakfast then headed for the railway station where i the train under the guise of a tourist . although the train was beautiful it was kind of old and of something you ' d see during the soviet era . still feeling exhausted i headed for the sleeping quarters and i had not seen one living soul on the train . i decided now was a good time to take a nap because i was still feeling a little bit jet lagged from the flight . around in the afternoon i was by the sound of knocking . i quickly out of bed to open the door only to find that nobody was there . glancing around i could distinctly hear the sound of big band music somewhere off in the distance which unsettled me to say the least . i closely and could also hear people laughing as they their wine glasses together . as i roaming the train i soon the sound was coming from one of the main . i the dining car and the room was now full of people dressed in very elegant clothing from the " s . maybe they ' re a costume party i thought to myself . anyway nobody to notice me as i sat down at the bar . the bar itself really old and me of the one that they used in " the shining . since i spoke some i tried chatting with the odd looking bartender but of course he me . at this point an uneasy feeling washed over me and i knew i to leave . as i was about to turn around i saw a flash of light by a very loud explosion that shook the train . looking around i the scenery had and instead of lively people there were now the proved too much for me and i to feel the room spinning . . . when i finally came to i was in some hospital back in . two days later though they me from the hospital then sent me to the u . s . embassy for security . later i about the train and learned that in fact it was bombed during one of the in the war killing everybody on board . looking through of the of that tragic accident i as i immediately the bartender . anyway this morning they found ' s remains and his are flying in to open an investigation . as for me well let ' s just say i ' be here in until ' s killer is found . my name is . i want to say that right away because a lot of people will know that name and i want to begin by being totally honest . most of you know what i have done or at least you know what been . but i have not done what they claim . i am not the monster that you believe me to be . i know that i sound like everyone else sitting in prison spouting off of innocence but i am telling you the truth . i am not a liar . i have never lied about that night . and i won t start now . none of what i am about to tell you will be . you need to understand that . you think that you know me but you don t . i have tried to tell my story a million times but no one to listen . the media t want to report it . the police don t want to hear it . they want to cage the monster and throw away the key . when no one was looking i found a way to get my story onto the . i have found a way to speak directly to the people uncut and unedited . maybe i am screaming into the wind . maybe . but i am desperate to be free of that night . all i need is for someone out there somewhere to read this and believe me . my only hope in writing this is that someone will hear my side of the story and it will ring a bell or hit a nerve because they have experienced something similar . i can t be the only one . i just can t be . it a little over two ago . i remember that night as being normal . boring . i am not going to paint you a detailed picture of the weather or how the moonlight the to twinkle because i don t remember what the weather was like that night . it t a detail that stuck in my brain . it was winter in which that it was probably cold and there might have been some snow on the ground . beyond that . . . i don t know . it was a . like i said . normal and boring . i was nineteen at the time and living in my parent s basement which had been turned into a little make shift apartment . i had my own toilet stove and . a short black . and a basic too . not even a flat screen . one of those ancient heavy ass that t even connect to . it was though . i was able to play my on it . i t need anything else at the time . like that singing bear from that s movie i had the bare of life . i know that it is a little cliche . a grown man living in his parent s basement . but i was going to college at kent state and my were trying to help me out by giving me a roof and a bed . they t want me to have to worry about anything but my school work so i t have to have a job either . doing well in school was the most important thing they always told me . they were great . the best . none of what was their fault . they t do anything wrong . and they don t deserve what the people in the news have been saying about them . my dad had a stroke about a year ago . the stress of everything was just too much on him . he lived thank god . and my that he is doing better every day . he around just fine now i guess and his speech is starting to get back to normal . part of me that he would start visiting me again . seeing his face would be amazing . but i get it . another stroke might kill him . if i had to choose i d rather have him alive and in the world than dead and in the ground . i need to know that he is out there somewhere even if i don t get to see him . i just hope that he t lost his faith in me . but maybe he . at this point i t really blame him . i just want him to know that i love him and am sorry . . . for everything . my life t the only one . i will never forget the date when everything i . th . and i was in between which was a much deserved period of for me . had been more of a nightmare than usual and i was out . all i to do was out at home and relax . i t want to look at another textbook or see another classroom until i had no other choice . i to unwind and rest up before the next semester in a couple of . i up my friend . had been my best friend for most of my life . i vaguely remember the first time i met but my to tell the story . i have it so many times that i am not sure if i actually remember it or not . it had been the first day of second grade i guess . the were to bring a single toy to school each day and play with it during recess . my had bought me a brand new little fire truck specifically for that first day . but s must have forgotten to put something in his book bag and he to play with mine . it was my toy though and i t going to share . we got into a fight underneath the monkey and the recess teacher had to break us up . both our had to come and pick us up early from school . there t any black or bloody . we were just two bad little rolling around in the dirt . our were so mad that day but they because of it too . win win i guess . i still smile whenever i think about it . when i that night i told him to bring his ass over and grab a pizza on the way . i already had and and mountain dew . we could get high eat greasy food and binge some impractical on my . i can still hear him down the basement when he finally got there . he always heavily down those for some reason . i think he did it on purpose but i never knew for sure why . he had to make as much noise as possible had to make sure everyone in the house knew that he was around . had always been a goofy dude and did weird random for no reason . he must have found it funny to make a lot of racket on my . who . as long as he could make himself laugh nothing else . i can still picture his face his wide grin as he to me a large pepperoni pizza with extra cheese as if he had made it himself . his long black hair back in its usual loose . the naturally tanned skin of his face sweaty as if coming down into my basement had been equivalent to running a marathon . had always been happy upbeat no matter the situation and it is that image of him that i have tried like hell to hold onto . that is how i want to remember my friend . full of life . i with my for to put the pizza on the stove and have a seat next to me on the which at that moment had been into a couch . on his way over to me he made a detour to grab a cold can of mountain dew from the . he then sat down and cracked open the can . as he was taking a long draw from his drink i are you ready to get high ? always he after his pop . he took another giant gulp nearly it before the can on top of my wooden coffee table . i m ready to relax i told him . i m ready to get so relaxed that i become a and melt right into the fabric of this . well then he said . break it out and let s get it going . me ? i him . you t bring any ? no he . you don t have any ? no . town s been dry lately . we both shook our . it never crossed my mind that would not have anything he usually had something on him or at least would have something before heading over to my underground lair . he should have known that the that i had any bud were normally slim . my friend was a stoner at heart but i was never the type of person to get high every day . i only smoked on rare like whenever a hard exam or difficult paper was in my and i to decompress the frustration . i remember s face lighting up . his back up and i knew that my friend had an idea . i do have something he told me . when he saw me shaking my head again he quickly just hear me out . i know that you only smoke bud my man but i got something better . maybe not better . . . but different . i think that i something like what is it ? check it out he said as he into the front pocket of his . it took almost a minute of in his pocket before he found what he . when he his hand free it t look like he was holding anything . he then me his palm and i saw what at first to be two miniature . man . ? i t know what he was talking about . i don t recall one from his palm but i must have because the next thing that i knew i was holding one of the of paper directly in front of my face . it was so tiny between my . as i closer the odd word made more sense . . printed across the one side of the paper square was the face of a cartoon clown . and it was a vintage clown too like something from the s . yellow hair beneath a green top hat . of white make up that wrapped around the mouth and both . a wide grin that was both joyous and sad at the same time . and a giant red nose of course . where the hell did you get this ? i him . i am sorry sir . i never divulge my to the police . he in closer and spoke to my chest as if i was wearing a listening device . i don t do . are illegal and they are bad . whatever i said . why are you just carrying this around with you ? and since when do you do acid ? since now he told me . my cousin told me that acid is like a key that up the universe . it the between you and god almighty . everything is revealed . you find the to all of the and . . and i want to share that key with my best friend he told me . and if we don t like it we never do it again . give you this ? that dude is shady and i want nothing to do with it if it comes from him . i got it from somewhere he told me . don t worry . just trust me . your semester is over . we t got to do . how about we escape reality for a bit ? yeah ? i always had one rule . i never did anything harder than weed . looking back i picked the wrong time to break my own rule . the way that the small square on my tongue made me question whether it had actually been real paper or something else . in less than three it had entirely . i immediately taking it but it was too late . the train had left the station and the only thing left to do was strap in and put on my helmet . i m not sure how long we sat there and . but just when i was getting ready to tell that he must have been off i felt a tingle rise from the floor of my basement and enter into my . it t like the and needles of a waking limb but more like an overload of sensation . as the tingle to slowly spread upward to the rest of my body i will have to admit that i kind of how it felt . it was like my body was coming alive for the first time ever and i was about to become wide open as the world into me . i know that t make sense but not everything that i am going to say will . are you feeling that too ? me . he ' t looking at me but staring off toward nothing in particular . he t see me but i anyway . suddenly the real world the one trapped beneath the reality we know revealed itself to me . color . i never knew color until that moment . not really . what i had always to be color was nothing more than various of gray to what i seeing . everything around me vibrant and even the of my basement amazing to look at . not only were the colors more vivid than anything i had assumed possible but they also and in that rose and fell . it was kind of like breathing . everything around me to be alive like i had unexpectedly found myself part of a movie one where even the and salt shakers were living . i turned to and i could see of color covering his body like a beautiful aura . that was when i laughing . no . that is not accurate . i to chuckle like a mad man and i t stop for several . my laughing fit by one of his own . we and and until my throat was dry my were filled with and my head to pound . i honestly think that we both would have ourselves to death if not for the music . at first it was low and to be coming from several around me . it was impossible at first to pinpoint the source . i quickly snatched my remote and the volume to make sure that it t coming from the show i was watching . the of the on the screen were silenced but the music . when i was old my and i took a trip to to see the and bailey circus . it was my one and only trip to see the circus and it was magical for my young mind . the entire show was based around the imagery of . my father when he had to pay for a stuffed blue dragon but i had to have it . until that horrific night i still had that damned blue dragon . my might still have it somewhere . i will always remember going to the circus . i will always remember the and the the motorcycle the high flying the with the dogs and and especially the silly . there had been a whole crew of color doing all of crazy funny . and i will never forget the music that when the up . it was the typical circus song everyone . that night in my basement i to hear the exact same music . entry of the . i it because it been stuck in my head every single day since . of rustling and scratching somehow drew my attention away from the impossible music . my coffee table was a single solid piece of wood that sat directly on the concrete floor with a hollow space inside for storage that could be by opening the top . something was moving around on the floor on the other side of it . from where and i sat we could not see what it was but we could hear its movement plain as day . a rat must have gotten in again i figured . but then a pair of up from behind the coffee table . they were tiny and wearing flawlessly clean white . i nearly through my skin at the impossible sight . and then when two more of both new indistinguishable from the first i mentally to freak out . i watched in shock as all three of up to grab hold of the far side of the coffee table . i kept telling myself that what i was seeing t real . it was the acid . that was just my luck you know . it was the first time and i was a bad trip . i repeated this over and over in my head as i watched in silence as three tiny barely over six tall up and onto the top of my coffee table . they were three of the same cartoon clown that had been printed on the miniature stamp that i had . yellow hair . green . white make up . and of course a big red nose . the piece of acid paper had only shown me the clown s face but now i could see the rest . the clothing other than the white i had was a multicolor that was covered in white polka and a set of oversized green . the many colors from the as if screaming in my face . not real . not real . but then my heart nearly stopped when i ask me do you see them too ? how were we the same hallucination ? i t know how to respond to s question . i simply watched in bewildered silence as the three strange on my coffee table . my coffee table was slightly but there was enough room at the center for the trio to stand . for what felt like forever the stood still and up at and me . suddenly the music that i had nearly forgotten about in a loud clash and crescendo . that was when the to do . two of the three to do a silly dance arms and flying in all . the same two occasionally added a sloppy tumble or to change up the routine . it was the most bizarre and thing i have ever seen . the third clown stood between the two positioned at the center of the act . i don t recall seeing that third clown retrieve from anywhere but as if out of nowhere he to juggle four different color . every time the center clown caught and then returned a ball to the air it was a different neon color . this is crazy . the juggling faster and faster until it was a bountiful blur of color that melted my into a pile of sludge . it was . as i sat and watched the go round and round i felt the tingling that had filled my body suddenly fall away pouring back downward and into the concrete floor . along with the sensation my ability to move left me as well . my and when i tried to make the movement nothing . i was frozen in place . and then without warning the dancing stopped and the were gone . again all three stood still and up at and me entry of the still in the background like the of the mentally insane . i don ' t know how long they stood and but it felt like . sitting on the left side of my coffee table was a white ceramic plate that i had used a couple of days before for the strip steak and baked potato that my mother had . to be honest it still sat there because i had been too lazy to return it to the upstairs kitchen to be washed . the plate had long been clean but it still my fork and knife . the knife t a normal steak knife . i think that it was closer to a paring knife a thin blade with a short black handle . the central clown turned its head and at the knife . moving much faster than i had the center clown went over and the knife from the plate while the other two like ever the creepy showman the center clown revealed the knife to his audience like it was a sharp and deadly show prop . the center clown then the tip of the knife through the side of s mountain dew can as if to show us how sharp it was . as if we t already know . the pop can had been nearly empty and the stabbing t draw any liquid . removing the sharp knife from the can the center clown a sword routine . he the knife down his throat several times down each time until the entire blade was inside of his neck . after the final swallow he the knife free and bowed . as if given a cue that i t seen the clown on the right rushed toward and across from the coffee table to s lap . not even a second behind him the left clown behind . the first clown on s lap went down on his and the following clown to get on his back . the following clown onto the first clown s back and then balanced itself while also getting down on and . they were making a step stool i . the central clown and onto s lap . he went up the of the other two the paring knife still in hand . i knew what was coming . it had been obvious . but i t move . i t even turn my head all the way toward but i could see what was happening from the corner of my vision . i watched helplessly as the paring knife was into s left eye . i swear i a wet pop as the blade went in . i know my friend to scream . i could see a thick vein in his neck . but the scream was never . in a single motion the central clown the blade free of s eye and then thrust it deep into s neck in the exact spot of the vein . without removing the knife the three returned to the surface of my coffee table . all three of the bowed their show at its end . and then . . . they were gone . one second they were there bowing and then the next second they were not . wherever they returned to they also took their theme music with them . colors to dull . and i felt the stiffness leaving my . when the use of my body returned to me that was when i really up . that was the point when i to use my brain and act smart . but i t . i should have for help right then either screaming for my or getting on my cell to call an ambulance . but i t . my mind was still up and at the sight of my best friend unconscious from the pain by that point i panicked . i the knife blade out of mica s neck . the blood so fast . it was an instant crimson waterfall . that was when i finally to scream . i had never so loud . i don t fully remember everything that immediately after that . my my and came flying down into the basement . i think that i might have still been holding the knife when they found me . the up first . but had out too fast for them to do anything . the up not long after the ambulance . i remember feeling the metal of the . and i remember the blinding sea of flashing when they put me into the police cruiser . but just like the juggling it was all a blur of motion and color . i m sure that i tried to tell them about the right away but they t listening . they t believe me . not that night or any night since . they tested s and my blood and it was easy to find the acid . and i was the only other person in the basement so i obviously had to have done it . who else could have ? right ? open and shut case . they the murder as drug induced psychosis . according to the what and i took was a normal street level . but i know the truth . and someone out there to know it too . had to have gotten that from somewhere which that there is someone else out there that about it . please . i am begging you . if you have seen the clown acid or have seen the tell someone . help me . please . come forward . i need you to save me . she wakes up her head fuzzy and cold creeping into her . her focus on the pale snow covered ground . snow slowly from the grey skies and softly on her aching body . her mouth stale and there is a metallic smell hanging in the air she turns her head to the other side of her fighting the ache . blood . that s where the smell came from . a figure in the blood motionless and grey . the girl the strength and courage to move the figure revealing a person with their face torn to . unrecognizable . she in horror . how did this happen ? why am i here ? how did i get here ? why can ' t i remember the day before ? she thought to herself trying not to panic . focus . she told herself as the snow steadily fell harder . i need to find shelter and call for help . she back at the corpse snow increasingly covering the shape as if the earth is burying the poor soul in an icy coffin . no time to mourn or to wonder what i need to move or i ' be dead too . with no idea where she was the girl to wander the barefoot and freezing looking for civilization or anyone to help her . with every step she feeling in her . she for what had to have been . she behind her squinting through the snow ridden wind . how ? the corpse right behind her i barely made it ten . that s not possible . confused she pushing on the harsh threatening to push her into the fast rising snow . shivering and numb the girl to remember what her name how old she is . . . anything . she when she comes upon a cluster of about ten in front of her there ' s something there . could it be a person ? or a house ? the wind is whipping more violently as the snow to swallow her whole . she but it s too difficult to make out what is beyond the . frozen stiff and running out of hope she cautiously but as quickly as she can towards the mass beyond the . moving as fast as she can it s a person that can take her to get help . heart racing vision blurry she s almost there ! then she at what is before her . she blinks hard to clear her vision . her heart . a monstrous beast over a bloody doe . it the flesh from the doe like a rabid animal the girl never seen any creature as bloodthirsty and barbarous as this . she goes to step back but her are too numb and she to the ground . the creature and turns to look at her . she up her vision swaying she the creature ' s a deep and sinister red illuminating the fur on his face . his red burned into her brain the longer she . his ragged and hot breath flowing in the air he with a strange intelligence but as he slowly forward it is apparent he is inhuman . the girl her aching to move to get up and run but the creature ' s hold of her . she can not look away . the longer she the more she could see and hear . the her terrible . horrendous they her the rotten core of the universe . the and the of all the past flood her mind at once . then she a sharp pain and she . she wakes up where she next to the dead body . with no memory . how did this happen ? when you hear it it is too late . the sound that does so seal your fate . the hand of doom comes down on to you who will never rise to wake . xb my grandmother told me this rhyme every night while she me in to my bed . as a child i never really the concept of the foreboding or the warning hidden within its . but now . . . . now i get it . i write this here as a warning to those of you for whom its probably to late . are real . laugh if you must but listen . and to my daughter . . . if you ' re reading this . . . . i love you and i ' m sorry . xb it ago before my " mother was a twinkle in her eye . my twice great grandmother was a vile wretched human being . born to a well to do family and blessed with beauty to rival all the of legend but spoiled until she was rotten on the inside . she grew up the in life and was given anything her heart desired . but that woman any semblance of empathy . she had never felt sadness or desperation hunger pain . . . she ' t fathom a outside of her own . she was privately and kept at her family home almost her entire childhood . she ' t even seen someone outside her family until she was . xb when her father took her in to town for the first time when she saw poverty and famine . she assumed these . . . . were less than her . that they were less than human . the filthy shoe less running around she like dogs kicking slapping and beating them with sticks if they came too close . the elderly disabled homeless people she money at them and as they after her just for enough money to buy a sandwich . xb she found a way to torment anyone less fortunate than her and the worst part is . . . . . she ' t think it was wrong . . she did it for . she did it even after she met my twice great grandfather . in fact it got worse . he was just as bad coming from the only other wealthy family in town he was raised in a similar fashion . the difference being his family actively his monstrous behavior . they the elderly homeless men and and the street . torturing and ultimately killing the poor . xb they ' t exactly careful and the only thing that kept them out of trouble was their plethora of money the they made to the police their buy of the local government and perhaps most notably the fact that no one about the destitute . but although they were above the law they ' re ' t go unnoticed to the . everyone knew of their sordid but no one a finger in protest . they were frequently spotted a child from a street corner or violently beating a one legged man . but everyone turned a blind eye . xb everyone that is except a single old gypsy woman . she watched and ultimately when my twice great grandmother and her malevolent husband to take the poor child next to her home . she stepped in between the sobbing boy and them . they in turn beat her . they kept beating her over and over until she lay there bleeding to death on the concrete . xb they thought nothing of the spoken by the dying woman or the meaning behind them and life on . they lived their unchanged eventually a child my great grandmother . not five days after she was born they their loss . the great fire of burned down the entire town and the to them . they lost their home their money everything . xb and and her child as far away as they could manage . she a new life after the burial of her husband who had himself not wanting to live without the wealth he was accustomed to . had no discernible life so she to make meat for herself and her child often in favor of feeding herself she slept with any man who would bring them in to their home and tables to bring in a meager wage to buy food . xb the night before my great sixth birthday a strange noise coming from the little bedroom . bump . bump . bump . that night was the last time anyone ever saw . within of her disappearance was in an . xb she grew up not her which is probably for the best . but history was to repeat itself . she met a man got married and a beautiful daughter my grandmother . five days after her child ' s " birth the husband was and to death while walking down the street . on . working at the only place who would hire a housewife with no real education or experience . as a waitress at a diner . they scraped by well enough until the night before ' s sixth birthday . once again was never from or seen again . xb was not found alone in their apartment for almost a week until she ran out of food she could find . went out looking for some and was found by the police filthy covered in dirt and stealing an apple from the store . as i ' m sure you can guess was ultimately in an where she spent the remainder of her childhood until her seventeenth birthday . xb married young at eighteen . she was pregnant the same year and gave birth to my . five days after was born ' s husband was in a fatal car crash been struck by a car at high . he was dead before anyone got to his car . you know how the rest goes . my mother was found the day after her sixth birthday by their next door neighbor . her and grandma had become very close over the and ultimately she adopted my . she was a spinster but had a decent job and was able to provide for her well enough . xb but as sure as the coming and going the curse . my met my dad at twenty . they never had the chance to marry but she did get pregnant . my dad five days after i was born he on heroin . raised me until i was six but once again she had been a housewife with no or extended education . she worked as a school lunch lady . i don ' t know what to her . but i do remember the sound of bumping . bump . bump . bump . the sound that came from the hallway outside my room that night . xb my grandmother by all raised me too . the one who told me the and the one who told me most of what i know of my past . my had told her the and my real grandmother had before her . i know my history because of what she told me and what i learned via the . but most of it i learned from the . told me of the but she had no idea the reality of them . how could she ? its not like she ever experienced them and after them . . . . . . well i know my mother and grandmother never told her either . it would be too hard to explain and impossible to understand . xb the around . . . . . its like you ' re in a room you can ' t see anything . but you hear . . . . . everything . and oh god the feeling . . . . . i ' to each of my final countless times . hearing their final . . . their final their and those of the other . i don ' t know what it is and i ' m so to find out . . then . . . you feel it . their death . they don ' t all suffer the same way . . . . . . . . . . she was torn limb from limb . i felt it like each arm and leg were off and i hung there in agony as my breath labored . just as my final breath left my i was in to ' s final . . . hers was like an intense pressure and searing pain in my head and then an blackness . i think her head was in . my grandma . . . . the pain in my stomach me she was . . . . or something similar . and my poor mother . . . she was . . . but not a single one of their been found . xb last night after all of that over again for the three thousand seven hundred and sixty second time yes exactly that many times there was a new part . . . i met the old gypsy woman . we had quite the long talk actually . . . i won ' t bore you with but she told me it was my night and why were as they are then she the poem i had grown up hearing . xb when you hear it it is too late . the sound that does so seal your fate . the hand of doom comes down on to you who will never rise to wake . xb tomorrow is my little ' s sixth birthday and i ' m so disappointed i won ' t be there and furious with my twice great grandmother for causing her family so much pain . i wish her dad were still around . he was a cop shot in the line of duty before i even knew we had . i tried to abort six and ago to avoid the continuation of . fate won ' t allow it though . the curse been laid and nothing will stop it . i know what is coming tonight i will finally get to see the other . i just hope they make it quick so my little girl can know it was fast . whoever this . . . . please find and keep her safe . . . . and be wary of the that go bump in the night . . . xb i can hear it now . . . coming from ' s room . . . . bump . bump . xb bump . . " do you play video ? " the devil as he sat atop the podium . i my wife ' s dying body in my arms from my face and her blood covered my bare chest . i up with a mixture of hate and incredulity . " what ? " the devil back intently . in an instant he from the podium to appear two in front of me kneeling over to look me in the . " you have to be a . what are you ? a white male in your mid ? you ' re the target demographic . " the devil stood straight and his pin striped suit . " regardless let me tell you the my boy . " i around me desperately trying find an exit to escape with my wife . i the chapel around me had . only a thick dark fog surrounded us . the only thing i could see clearly was the podium and the well dressed devil . " dark ! ah yes a game for true of the . you know of it ? " the devil i ' t paying attention and his hand at me . an unseen force my head around to look at him . " y yes ! i ' seen of it ! " i fearfully . the dirty yellow back at me . then he showing his teeth . " good . but let me explain how the game works . just for sake . " the devil back behind the podium like he was about to give a lecture . " dying repeatedly is a main mechanic in dark . " the devil spoke in a monotone voice while combing his hair around his . " your character hopefully knowledge on how to be a better player . hopefully you learn from your mistake as you traverse back into the abyss . every path you open stays open . every item you find you keep after death . but dying all of you to return to life also . do you understand ? " " yes " i . i still ' t turn my head to look away from him . why was one of hell ' s giving me a breakdown on a video game ? " good . the thing i most enjoy about the game is its lack of hand holding . so for now all you get is this . " he over to me and produced a large scarlet red key from his pocket . " only this key will unlock the outside gate . unlocking the gate is the only way to stop the cycle from . the only way to free yourself . " the devil let out a sigh and returned the key to his pocket . " that ' s enough for now . do better this time will you . " he made a " go away " gesture with his hand and i felt myself falling . me and my dying wife tumbled into infinite blackness . the podium and the devil away from us . an heat me and i cried out in pain . i awoke in the dark basement . the same one i had just left . my mind was foggy like i had been . i to my side and saw my wife laying there naked beside me . it was a serious case of . i had just been here . me and my wife had in this basement . we had just travelled up the . that ' s where the man in a robe me . i down at myself . something was different now . i had pants . the first time i was naked like my wife . i had taken the pants from the man after he fell down the basement stairway . my wife had found a blue tarp to cover herself the first time . it was quickly abandoned for being too to sneak with . i over to shake her . " wake up . " wait ! had been ' t she ? ! i myself over next to her . i rolled her over to inspect her injury . nothing was there . no deep wound from the knife . she was fine . " t terry ? " she spoke groggily . her open and she sat up to look around . " where are we ? " " we are back in the basement . that thing brought us back here ! " " what thing ? " she . she quickly she was naked and covered herself with her arms . she to her side to see a ratty blue tarp hanging over some junk . she snatched it and it around herself . " what is going on here ! " she . i at her for a moment before in a measured voice " what do you remember last ? " blinked . i could see the beginning to turn in her head . " we were at ' s and ' s wedding . " she squinted and her head . " we were walking to our car . you had to park in a different parking lot away from the venue . " she " i don ' t remember getting to the car . " i for her to continue . but she just around the dusty basement . " that ' s it ? " i . " you don ' t remember waking up down here . you don ' t remember that who attack us and fell down the . you don ' t remember the devil stabbing you and giving me a speech about video ! " " babe " . she gave me the look and tone she routinely used when she thought i was . " we ' never been here before . are you ? " what was going on ? the horned bastard said something about a cycle . had he reversed time ? no . it ' t be . he us somehow and threw us back down here . but how did ' s stab wound disappear ? " come on ! " i said as i by the hand . i her towards the . her blue tarp loudly . we carefully went up the and i the door slowly . the same wood hallway me . it smelled of old wood and mold . the short hallway on ten before turning to the left . that ' s where i had run into the big man in the robe last time . i told to wait and crept down the hall to peek around the corner . there he was again ! the same big guy with a ugly face and crazy . he even the same damn thing . " you ' re blood will flow eternal ! " he as he rushed me . i back down the hallway . it had to be his twin or something . i ' t struggle with him like i did the first time . i would set him up for the same move i used on him before . there is no way he would be that stupid to fall for it again . i back to the doorway by the . and herself against the wall . the idiot came at me at full sprint . i caught his momentum crossed my leg and a textbook hip toss . his speed and weight him to become before cracking hard on his head halfway down the and tumbled the rest of the way . he lay very dead at the bottom his leg a little . and i stood . the idiot ' t remember . i had him the exact same way the first time . i had fought him for longer trying to wrestle him to the ground before i i was about to be down the steep . it was a cycle ! time had repeated ! i finally down to follow me back down the hall . we turned the corner to enter a waiting room or foyer for the chapel . two large double led further in . opposite of it were the leading outside . went to open the exit and i stopped her . " don ' t bother " i said . " it a green key to unlock " i felt like i was going to throw up . " like a video game " i spit . like before our only option was to go into the chapel . i told to wait outside . she did get the last time . i the double slowly . a familiar sight me . a small windowless chapel . dark hung from all four . strange and writing were spray painted all over them . looking too long at these made my head hurt and vision blur . three short on either side of the aisle . at the end of the aisle were two men kneeling and praying to the podium . these are the who me down while that devil my wife in the belly . she ' t even act like she saw him when he was upon her to kill her . he just up and stuck her while she at the men to let me go . " not this time " i said to myself as i the room for something to use as a weapon . i saw a small box at the corner to my right . wait ? no way . it was a chest . like a treasure chest . i snuck over to it . the two men continued low mumbling . i place my on both sides of the ornate chest . more crazy were into its wood . i it slowly while leaning away . i ' my fair share of with booby trapped . when i finally in i almost . within red soft felt fabric was a short flint lock pistol . i picked it up . it felt heavy and was already cocked back . tiny of what i assumed was black gunpowder sprinkled out of the side of the gun . i had seen where and the weapon that ' t make me an expert but i hoped it was all set to fire . i the praying had stopped . i over to see the two men standing and looking for me . looking up put me in the view of one of the cultist . he saw me and gave short scream . instead of running down the isle and turning he was be a pentecostal and jump the to come straight for me . as he got to the last pew all i could see was the crazy in his . he was coiled like a spring to jump at me when i the pistol and fired . a blast of smoke and noise my by a loud thump . when my vision the man had off sideways to land headfirst in a crumpled pile beside me . i ' t have time to think as the other man was on me instantly screaming and at me with a small knife . i my arms outwards to defend myself . i felt quick across my arms . as he got closer back to stab me in the gut . i him across the head with the barrel of the pistol . it was a heavy smack that him backwards . as he at me trying to regain focus i saw red of blood begin running down his face . he again and came in with the lunge . thats when i saw him in the from behind with a bat . he side ways into the pew and his knife . he was bent over and barely holding himself up with his . i in to deliver a tremendous elbow to the side of his head laying him out on the stone floor . i up at . she had the tarp to help me . now she stood there and naked cradling the bat . " where did you get the bat ? " i . " on the opposite side of the room . it was just laying on a table " she . then her " you ' re bleeding ! " " its nothing ! " i said as i to pick up her tarp . i off a strip to wrap around my . she covered herself again and me to the podium up at the front . " if i know video there is something important here " i said as i around it . i closer to look at a small wooden box with the same head . i it and let out a laugh . it was an ornate green key . " come on " i said as i snatched the key and back down the isle to the foyer . noisily behind me with her tarp . when i got to the double the ornate key slide in smoothly . " we are making progress " i said looking back at . " we need to find you some clothes next . " ' s face filled with terror as i felt the door being open . i back to be starring at someone ' s well muscled chest . i up to see a face shrouded with clear plastic tarp . a rope tied tightly around the neck . fog from the breath the bag in and out . i tried to step back from the giant . he swung down on me with a meat cleaver biting onto the side of my neck . he then me by the head and me outside past him . i flew off the small front porch to land face first in the dirt . i tried to get up but ' t have the strength to push myself up . i could see my lifeblood out before me . i a scream as landed on the ground in front of me . i out to her and her to me . the giant over to tower over . i tried to call her name but only out blood . the cleaver came down to bury itself in her head . her and she shook slightly . then everything . froze in her and the giant froze bent over . my pain stopped and i i was no longer choking . a pair of shiny dress to stand in front of me . " get up ! " said the devil as he down on me disappointed . i sat up and at my wife . " don ' t worry about her you dunce ! she will be alive next cycle ! " the devil said with exasperation . " i need to tell you about this giant that just both of you ! " he waved both over to the leaning giant . " every time you reset the cycle nobody will remember a thing except for your here ! he will remember everything and be able to hunt you through every cycle . " i in awe at the muscled giant with a plastic bag over his head . how unfair could this get ? fighting to save both of us was already hard enough ! " i know i ' m from other but i love the concept of a arch enemy " the devil on . " if you want the game to stop you can either escape or pledge your soul to me " he . " never you freak ! " i back . " i ' beat your game ! " the devil " then do better this time will you . " he snapped his and the world went blank . i woke up back in the basement feeling like i had been . part . . r second cycle ? medium android source you take the back to or from the beach in you ' re to pass three the sign that go to church or the devil will get you peach park and . i can ' t speak for the devil and peach park the best ice cream but is almost as dangerous as bend sometimes the are people . i was nineteen engaged and well versed in the systematic murder of that ' t walk the earth . from the man wolf to the banshee in the bog i ' d seen a lot . serial were something entirely different and new . " how did you find me ? " i the girl sitting before me . " people talk . they say that you worship the devil " she said taking in a deep breath . " he ' s only devil adjacent " said watering the in the kitchen window . " i know a guy . so what ' s the issue ? " i crossed my arms worn out from monster hunting the night before . " my sister ' s gone ' " the girl said knotting her together . " that a lot around here . probably the road got her " i said with a shrug . the girl shook her head . " no she in . she ' d gone to the beach with and none of them ever came back . " " none of them ever came back ? not one ? " i sat down on the edge of the recliner my . " text me three ago " that they made it to the beach but then i ' t hear anything else from her . " the girl handed me her phone with her text open . " " is really wrong . " " why ' t you call the police ? " the girl a glass of water . " they said that she was an adult and she was probably just mad at me " she said . i . " sound like the bend . what about the police ? " " they said they ' d look into it . i don ' t think they care " the girl said hanging her head . " so you and then she was gone ? " i her phone back . " who all went with her ? " " and . she ' d rea for a while before she got with " the girl . " so it could ' been a jealousy thing " i . " maybe this had " to do with it . " " he never came back either " the girl said . i let out a scoff . " well i mean he ' t if he them both . " " ! " . " sensitivity honey ? " she was right . i ' d lost a lot of empathy once i hunting nightly . i had to you know ? you can ' t take the of living without losing your soul even if the were hell . " i ' m sorry miss . . . ? " " . . is my older sister " . " your ' t " for her ? " i raising an eyebrow . " she ' t spoken to them in . they ' t like that she was " rea and they her " said the of her . " so they ' re and they could ' had a hit out on them both . " i said standing to my . " the last place she told you she was in was ? " " yeah " said quickly . " i don ' t think that it was our though . " i past where stood with her arms crossed kissing her on the cheek . " like i ' m " a road trip baby . " " i ' get the thermos ready . no scotch this time though . you ' re ' " said switching on the kettle on the stove . " damn it . . . i ' take your case . just let me pack some stuff and i ' be on the road " i said starting for mine and ' s bedroom . " i could go with you " said her darting over to then back to me . oh hell . " no i work better alone . maybe you could stay here with ? she ' kick your ass at lord of the trivial pursuit . " " i . . . i ' probably just wait at home then " said moving towards the door . " thank you for " into this . " " what else am i supposed to do ? " i mostly to myself . i threw an overnight bag together as saw out and she met me at the front door with a thermos full of black tea . " what are you do tonight ? " " i ' m go to the hilltop and find myself somebody that ' t stay out all night in the . then i ' m rob a bank and do a bunch of blow " she said smiling up at me . " watching fight club for the millionth time then " to bed early . huh ? " i smiling back at her . " keep " yourself that " with a laugh . " i don ' t have to tell you to be careful . or that i love you . " " i love you . you know it ' s the other guy i watch out for " i said open the front door . " yeah but sometimes you are the other guy " she said tilting her head . it took almost four to drive to which put me at seven . i stopped at the only gas station in the area for and a bag of . listen i grew up in bend but we at least had two gas . " you ' t from around here are you ? " the cashier said flatly . " " through ? " " i ' m " for somebody . sister of a friend . " bout five three brown hair and light skin ? " i my . something about the woman ' t sit well and i that she ' d tell me anything true . " lots of people come through here " the lady said . " right " i said with a nod taking my drink and my heading out to my car . i left the gas station driving for a mile before all four of my went flat . i got out of the car circling around it but there was nothing to do about it . i only had one spare and i was in the middle of nowhere in the middle of the night . i twenty in the direction i ' d just come from finding a strip of laid across the road . " never saw that ' " i said sarcastically . " where ' s . . . the house ? " there was always a house in these and i was starting to get a clearer picture of what to ' s sister . i my out of the back seat and i only about a block before i saw it . beyond a field up on a hill was an old farmhouse . i up the long driveway up onto the covered porch and i on the front door . by now you know i ' m not skittish about right into a mess . this was definitely a mess . as she the door i from her description instantly . " hey . can i help you ? " " i think you know why i ' m here . are all blown . your sister ' s " for you " i said getting straight to the point . " come in " said stepping to the side to let me into the house . she led me into a sitting room before taking a deep breath . " you can go " to tell but it t matter . you re " to die . i was waiting for the punch line but no punch line came . " excuse me ? " " well don t just stand there " like a deer in . go on . run " she said . " is that what you did ? you ran ? " i sitting down on the edge of a dirty half couch . " what ? " " " " said . " ' . would you like some tea ? " " i ' had plenty " i said holding up my . " hydrated . . . why are you here ? " " this is where i live " she said her as she . " i can fix you tea . it ' s not an issue . " " i ' m fine thank you . you don ' t live here . tell me the truth " i said firmly . " you have to understand that i ' t have any choice " said quickly . i took a deep breath holding out a hand for hers . sometimes a hand can ground somebody and they ' tell you all you need them to . " you have one now . i can help you but i have to know what to you . " and then told me . " we were " back from the beach and we ' t want to take the interstate . we got a flat tire near here so we the car up the hill . none of our cell had service so we to see if we could use the phone here at the house " she said . " was really nice to and but she was cold to and she did what she always does when she ' s upset and she just put her in and tuned out . " " convenient for her . tell me more about " i said pressing further . " she was pretty . rea thought i was pining and at the attention the were " her but it was " that said . she said that they ' d cut the brake on our car and that i could run and tell the but it ' t make any difference . she was right . mike and tony thought i was and rea was . . . unreachable " sitting on the edge of the coffee table in front of me . i was wrong . this was more than a mess . this was a case for and and maybe the but here i sat . hail the idiot hero . " i ' m reachable . said that they had cut your . who are they ? " " and her family . tony over like he was a cartoon wolf and she was a plump piglet " quickly . " he ' t like her so much now . even if he had left . " " " i said keeping my face expressionless . i ' d that foul play had even before i noted the blood on the dingy fabric of the couch i was on . it was stuffed with horse hair that i could tell from just sitting on the edge of it and i that it had ever been . " so tony is dead ? " " they ' re all dead . brought us tea . she how many we and tony said " however many you give me girl . " he was always such a " said . " i watched as she picked up sugar with little silver tongs and them into the tea . she had strange on her that went all the way around . they like they ' d once been deep wounds but now the skin was shiny pink and new . up and caught me ' . " a little accident when i was younger . " to fuss about . " she pouring me a cup of tea then she sat it in front of me . i at the tea and then back up to her face before i took a small sip . it tasted very bitter and it was obviously strong . a dark rusty red color in a little white porcelain tea cup . " " the tea was important . what then ? " i tilting my head down to meet her . " i felt after the first sip so i added more sugar . i where mike had gone and tony said that i should just chill out . i told that he ' d better be . she what i ' d do if mike ' t safe . she said " " and nobody ' s me yet so i ' d like to see you try . ' " squeezing my hand . " tony off to sleep even though he ' d had three monster energy since we ' d left the beach and then i ' t keep my open . " " tea ? " i aloud . " tea " said . " i woke up on the floor next to the couch with a crick in my jaw . the whole house smelled like stale and copper . i checked my for my cell phone before " that it was in the car . i dragged myself to the front door but the car was nowhere in sight . i back into the " room and that ' s when i the couch was almost tie in color . look at it ! it ' s black and brown and orange . . . it ' s blood ! " " i that much " i said with a bob of my head . " where did the go ? " " like i said the car was gone . i slipped off my " and " the screen door as quietly as i could . i " down the front and the driveway . i just help . if i could get help then everything would be . we ' d find mike rea and tony and everything would be . " took in a few sharp before sighing heavily . " i made it to the end of the driveway " behind other that to have stopped or been there and then i ran . my hurt and i was sure they were ' but there ' t anything else to do . i had to get help . " " you ' re " fine . keep ' " i said brushing my thumb over the back of her hand . ' s face broke a little as in her . " there was a spike strip on one half of the road like the police use in ? that ' s what gave us the flat tire . i ran faster . i to get to the gas station . i thought it was safe . " " was it ? " i quietly knowing the answer . " our car was in front of the gas station . came out " " back to the attendant that she ' d see her later . when and the car were out of sight i ran into the store . i told the attendant that had been in our car and that my were ' . the woman said " before " the phone up . i was " and " she was dialin " the police but instead i s voice pick up on the other line . " yeah well . she s here . ran in " like a wild thing and " like a guinea hen yeah . come on down and pick her up . ' " " then . " i as much . " did she pick you up ? " i leaning my on my . " i broke down . " no no . why do you help the local killer out ? what do you get out of it ? huh ? protection ? you ' re all ! they re kill us all and you re " them ! ! " came in the door by mike . " shut up ! " he said . " you are " this poor woman s day and you sound like a crazy person . we are all fine and we re " to be " in just a few . i promise . beach or bust babe ! " mike me by the " me to the car . he and profusely for me all the way out the door . " " i " hate that . can speak for themselves " i said as i to see what was happening . " tried to tell me that she was just " about the being cut but she said she was just messin " with me " said . " clearly she was but not the way she meant " i said keeping my tone even . " i her what was in the tea and she said . i tried to find out why the couch was bloody but she said that it was an art project her uncle had taken up . she said it was paint " . " it ' s really not paint " i said shaking my head . " i know . mike me on the top of the head and said that we would just go when we got back to the farmhouse . the beach was waiting and i was eager . when we got back tony and rea ' t waiting for us . i if tony had said they ' d be there and we for a second before we got out of the car " said . " on the porch there were red that like dipped in deep brown paint . they were all over the floor and into the house . the next thing i knew mike went down next to me his body as he from his head . " " they him ? " i . " him ? " " i don ' t know . i don ' t remember . i just know that everything after that went black " said . " there ' re thick on your . how long were you in ? " i . " i don ' t know what you mean . you want some tea ? " . " i might . first i need to use the . where ' s that ? " i stood slowly to my my . " it ' s just down the hall . under the " said go of my hand reluctantly . i knew what i to know . she ' d been her had been and she was being used . the question was then where was ? i quietly made my way into the kitchen to find a woman stirring a tall stock pot . " ? " she a large kitchen knife turning to face me . " who ' re you ? i ' call the police ! " " no i don ' t think you will " i said my to pull out my revolver . " you and i both know what ' s " in that pot don ' t we ? " " what else would you have us do with the ? " . " they our family . " " you ' t a family you and are . you need help . i can help you " i said holding out a hand . the pot tossing the water at me . my were scalded but i ' d seen worse . i raised my gun shaking my head once . " i don ' t want to shoot you . " " " do it ! take me out of my misery ! " the knife in my direction . rang out deafening me as i and i up to see sobbing as hit the floor . " uncle is a dried up corpse upstairs . i don ' t know what she does with it " said as she . " i don ' t know what she did with my . " " i think you ' been ' " em " i said immediately scolding myself for being insensitive . broke down into of sorrow . i the sheriff ' s department with an anonymous claim of injury back to my car and my emergency . once my car was and i was in a place i ' s number . " turns out it was just evil people " i said as i ran a hand through my freshly washed hair . " i won ' t lie . evil people scare me more than any monster " said over the line with a deep sigh . " people scare me too baby " i told her . " the soullessness of some is definitely worse than any monster i ' seen . " xb if you haven ' t read the story of bend you can find the first installment below . bend i woke up on a couch . it ' t my couch but i tried not to let that worry me too much . i sat up and around an all too familiar room within a home that i ' d never seen before . " why is this place so familiar ? " i to myself . an athletic looking man in his mid ' s the room smoking a cigarette and his head at me . " where are we ? " he casually . " i don ' t know " i . " who are you ? " he took another puff off his cigarette before . " " he . " oh . " i sat up from the couch and a nearby window observing that it was outside than i had ever seen before . " i ' m . " " um maybe we should look around " . i ' t know who he was and i ' t sure i could even trust him but i decided to listen anyway . the home was extremely well kept however it had a ' s chic going for it the scent of nearly ancient . i assumed that ' t even that part . " hello ? " a frail voice from a nearby room . at me and then we both at the wooden door at the end of a now quite eerie hallway . " hello ? " i back . the voice ' t respond but it weakly . his cigarette in his and quickly made for the door turning the handle and stepping inside . he stood in the room motionless as i slowly behind him . " what is it ? " he and that made me uncomfortable . " who are you ? " the weak voice . i timidly poked my head into the room looking and my on a pile of with a grocery bag ' s worth of skin across it . what was visible of the creature that it was a young boy into bed never to get out . " it ' s alive ? " i at the thought . he ' t respond but instead knelt down next to the boy carefully taking his hand . " what do you know about this place ? " the child and before finally control of his vocal . " it ' s my home " he said . " how did you get here ? " " we ' t sure " . " there was someone else before . " " who ? " . " i ' m not sure . they were very happy to meet me and made sure i was comfortable . " the boy optimistically . " you . . . don ' t seem well " under exaggerating the child ' s miserable condition . his response had fallen on deaf however as the boy simply and then provided a meek smile . " why is it so dark outside ? " i . " don ' t go outside " the boy said with a tone we thought him incapable of . " how come ? " added . " the darkness it and but nothing back . it ' s the only thing i ' m afraid of . " he almost ashamed in his admission . " we won ' t then . i promise . " lightly the boy ' s hand before laying it down on his blanket again . " get some rest we ' come check on you soon . " we closed the door and returned to the living room of the home . " ? " i . " this might sound redundant but something strange is happening . not just with this home " he walking toward a nearby shelf and lifting up a picture of himself with his wife and . " . . . but with us too . i know the boy ' s name without ever met him . and there ' s other too now that i ' m thinking of it . " " like what ? " " an argument with . " " my sister ? " i with shock in my voice . " why don ' t i remember any argument ? " " something us all mixed up here . the best bet we have is to find the other person . hopefully they know more . " he was right . he ' d connected the first but as i reflected on my and out of place knowledge more prevalent . i ' t like someone something so personal of mine . even though i ' t see it for myself an argument between my sister and i ' t something i ' d normally share with a complete stranger . " i ' m head upstairs look around a bit . you can stay on this level with and keep an eye out for anything that might help us . check the kitchen and the adjacent to his while i ' m gone . " " no problem " i my stomach secretly in . i was sure that his was too but he better at it . the as he and i turned to face the dark hallway again . was it me or was the light in the house slowly fading ? maybe was right about the darkness everything . maybe it would swallow us too with enough time . and then i what was happening . a fear that ' t mine had made itself known . rifling through a kitchen cabinet i found a working flashlight and it to my chest in relief . i ' d returned to the hall and a door to one of the two . it was an office with furniture that ' t quite match the rest of the home . the and were classically wood and the drawers had metal on them . " i ' been here before " i thought . " even if the memory ' t mine which of us would be around a place so antique ? " i open a drawer and noted that printed across several the care for long term was the date . " weird " the office was filled with long winded and quite boring . the were covered in accreditation as well as university in the name of a . hill . none of it made sense . the entire experience had been quite jarring and that alone was enough for me to simply write off the significant amount of bizarre activity the home had to offer . maybe nothing in the house meant anything at all as far as i could tell . i was ready to head over to the master bedroom when it caught my eye . a lock box was set to the side just underneath the doctor ' s desk . with a little force i was able to open the box . inside were small of clear liquid the of which i ' d never seen before and could not confidently identify . odd on the to hint to me that these ' t purely for medical practice but that was as much as i could gleam without pure speculation . a dirt covered key was also away inside just behind the glass . nothing in the room was locked so i the key into my pocket and prepared to exit the office . " ? " i muffled through the ceiling . " yea ? " " you . . . are you doing alright ? " sounding . " i ' m fine . what about you ? " he in his response a pregnant pause filling the air before his through the wood between us . " good . . . i ' m almost done up here . " there was a biting silence in the house and it made our awkward exchange feel incomplete . but as his overhead continued throughout the upper level i decided to explore the master bedroom across the hall . i was even though i ' t have been . i was standing in my bedroom from when i was a child . i ' t seen that room in almost and suddenly i was standing in it . it even smelt like it used to laundry detergent and ' s perfume . more the standing dresser in the room both and at different in life . the boy significantly more human in them and brought out a crushing sense of pity in me . within a next to my old bed was a simple pair of . they were chipped in one corner and cracked across the center but i was instantly transported to a memory . another young boy with smooth black hair was smiling as i them on his face . i felt warm inside pinching his cheek until he my hand away with a laugh . i continued through the drawer my whisking me away to both my own and belonging to the . must have been terminally ill as arose of his time both in and out of multiple . and then ' s reaction to came together for me . a tiny hospital bracelet that read " " told me everything i to know without the added pain of seeing the boy whither away over a year and a half ' s time . i shut the drawer and my damp . " everything alright ? " stepping into the room . " yea " i lied . " this one yours or his ? " he at the room . " my actually . " " strange . have you from the ? " " no he ' s been pretty quiet " i shaking off my . led the way back into ' s room . we both stopped at the side of his bed only to see a gray dried up mass of human flesh where we ' d left him . was frozen in place and i completely understood why even if he ' t in that moment . i in and the over ' s remains . " at least we were with him in the end " i said solemnly . out of the room and fished another cigarette out of a crumpled box from his pocket . i could tell he was struggling with the moment and i t feel it necessary to remind him why . " nobody was upstairs i assume ? " shook his head no as he lit the cigarette . " i ' m starting to think the other person here ' t our friend " he said not giving me eye contact . " they ' re old whoever they are . at least maybe could even be more . " " how do you know ? " he . " the other door is an office . it ' s not any of ours and and that imply his age . . hill was the name . " " interesting . " smoke as he at the wood grain of the flooring . " he ' t have a room upstairs but a memory into my head as i was through in the bathroom . i was sitting in a chair and my life was slipping away from me . across from me was a patient in a similar position but restrained . they were asleep or maybe dying like i was . i watched myself plunge suddenly into darkness . i to be there though i was making something . " " making something ? " i . " i think this place is a trap . i think this doctor is somehow sustaining his life by us of ours . " " but why ? . . how ? " i to make any sense of the situation we found ourselves stuck in and i found myself heavily on my new friend . " there ' s something else another memory i saw " . " . hill ' s ? " " i saw your mother kill herself " he said bluntly staring at the ground as the cigarette orange in his . " oh . " " you think that your sister you but i think you should know she ' t . only you blame yourself . " " i i don ' t remember any of that " i my brain for those . " when we get out of here however we do that you need to forgive yourself . i know we just met but just remember what i said . " i felt awkward . i to appreciate everything he was saying . it was heartfelt and honest but without the i had no context with which to apply his . had over to the front door of the house and i was resting back on the couch . he smoked like a chimney which was his only show of anxiety . after our heart to heart i d agreed with myself that he was trustworthy . the amount of honesty that he radiated could only come from a good heart . " it ' s weird about the dark huh ? " he me . " how do you mean ? " " said it was the only thing he was afraid of . since we ' been here i ' been uneasy around the . " " me too " i acknowledged holding up the flashlight . " it ' s just odd that the only thing out there is the one fear we all have in common y know ? . " i in agreement . we felt trapped and it intentional on someone s part . but like any other prisoner we d begun to notice the in our confinement . we it to to find an escape and we knew that we were getting warmer . " oh look " i pointing out the couch to . " what is it ? " " this is my couch . " " yea ? " " it ' t before actually most of the furniture in here ' t what it was . " " it ' s just us now . . " said deep in thought . " is there a basement here ? " " i haven ' t checked . maybe that door in the kitchen ? " there was a blood red door along a wall just to the side of the refrigerator . a latch was shut right around eye height of the door . the lock revealing a slot for a key . how the hell are we find this ? actually i spoke up plunging my hand into my pocket and the old key . where was this ? found it in the doctor ' s office . it was hidden in a small box with some strange in rune covered . that s nothing to worry about though right ? i . and unlocked the door with care . he turned the knob and cautiously it open revealing a set of flimsy wooden . we both as the sound of a massive creature breathing erratically was up and into the kitchen now . " what the hell ? " i said unable to remove my gaze from the surrounding the . " it ' s alive . " without explanation i understood quite plainly what meant . " hand me the light " he said holding open his hand . i it on and handed it over . the around the were flesh colored and wet . they with the sound of breathing and to react to our presence like a powerful muscle . " stay close " he . i as we made our way down . i ' always been a bitch when it came to gross but this was on another level of vile . the basement floor was flooded with a thick viscous fluid that carefully his foot in searching for the ground . " it ' s safe c ' mon . " " " i let out . the only thing worse than walking in the puss like liquid was being any distance too far from in this nightmare . i kept one hand on his shoulder at all times as we the freakishly large basement . the darkness from outside to find its way into that horrible place . . . it may have even there . " do you hear it ? " he me . the sound of a heavy pulse had become and as we forward . we had through a of old furniture and as if every person who ' d been trapped here had left an impression that would sit for eternity in the belly of some eldritch beast . " i hear " i told him . " where ? " " up ahead " i pointing over his shoulder and trying my to act like a man . we wound our way through a labyrinth of and monstrous of stone or maybe bone seeking out the foreign that would hopefully lead to and not just our undoing . and then we stopped in our . " it ' s him " said tracing a web of on a fleshy wall to its epicenter the flashlight . a form of what used to be a man was with the grotesque deformed and during his evolution into whatever he was now . his heart was beating visibly near his neck and his rapidly slip that were indiscernible . i felt the adrenaline as it dispersed into my system . fight or flight they call it . had clearly already chosen to fight . " . hill ! " he out . the whispering and the man ' s face to pan around the room and its previous function . my heart nearly stopped when his face a smile . " my guest ' s welcome . " his voice to convey many and few of which human . " what is this ? what are you ? " . " i am your host ! a caretaker within the interim . rest with me and know true peace ! " " you " i without a second thought . even shot me a look of surprise . . hill about as the living to writhe violently . " and you know do you ? " he sporting a wretched grin . don t listen to him said me . don t listen ! cower from your pain . you suffer yourself without my intervention mortal . " take this " the light back in my hand . what ? don i understanding all too easily that he t going to listen . he d begun his way through the liquid toward the doctor . " run ! " he turning toward the monster and upon reaching it ripping and punching at its heart and face . the violent noise that from the beast sent me into a sprint . i and kicking up the disgusting liquid without even a thought as i found my way out of the basement . the home was as the monster it in agony but i ' t look back . i open the front door and traversed the thick darkness outside my fear and trusting my instinct . oh my god ? i a voice call . my away an excessive amount of eye liquid that had built up over a steady course of time . an unfamiliar woman was standing over me and shining a light at my face . what ? what did i do ? i . my sister ' s voice let out a laugh from behind the doctor . what did you do ? you were hit by a car . i was ? i don t remember i something before i could finish the thought . i my mother s death . i also an argument between and i where i d assumed a lot of her and a lot of my own . of course you don t remember you were hit by a car ! she said laughing but tearing up at the same time . i m so sorry ash . really . about our screaming match the other day i mean . i love you and i t mean all that i said . the other day ? the in her but the laughter stopped and her smile faded . you been sleeping for a decade . my stomach turned and i felt myself sinking back into the bowels of my mind . that monster had stolen a chunk of my life . and . was he even real ? i . my doubt was instantly away . of flooded my mind of another life . the one i could only see and of before but now was complete . i knew that was real . i also knew that he was nearby and was involved in the accident in some way . where are we ? i . the hospital she said taking my hand . right but what wing ? oh this is the . everyone in the crash was sent here but only you and one other were critically injured she . i said . how how could you know that ? he s here still ? i the question . yea his wife and i eat lunch together . i need to see him i told her . it was a few later . a woman in her s at with a smile before they wheeled me into the room . was resting in bed just as i had been . he exhausted and a bit more grey than when i d left him . he saved my life i whispered a few escape my capture . his wife confused but to appreciate some meaning behind my . thank you i said resting my hand on his shoulder . this was a painfully bizarre part of my life . i don t talk about it often as i been trying to accept that i m here now regardless of what believe . but i refuse to let die alone . i see his life and feel his tied to memory just as plainly as i feel my own . his wife is a beautiful and kind woman . i make it a point to visit her and every week if not more . when i s of her she instantly my story . i told her how he d me and his fear like a pro . she and took my hand with a smile . the man nothing she said . you t have been in better . i into as well . he away about five after my hospital admission and had been there long before . he was in his ' s when life finally him . i can ' t imagine the confusion and pain he while trapped by that beast and can only hope he ' s found peace now . is still sleeping . i choose to believe that he that monster . hill but i cannot imagine where he might have ended up . i pray that he it back to his body someday . all we can do now is hope and keep him company until his finally open again first off i m sorry if it complicated to understand t my first language so this maybe around ago . i guess you could say that i live in one of the in and i guess you could say that a lot of bad happen over here but never have i thought that i would go through a situation like this . so we live in an apartment complex and we are one of the here . it s am me my dad and my sister are usually the in the house that stay up late . my dad was in the watching and my sister just went so sleep so i decided to go to sleep aswell . just as i was off our doorbell going off like crazy . and by crazy i literally mean crazy . i obviously got really and got right off my bed . at this point my sister and my woke up too . i went into the to see my very alarmed dad with his in his hand looking out of the balcony to see what s going on . the doorbell was still ringing and because you can t look straight at the front door from our balcony we t see anyone . we went to the front door and decided to let the person come through the first outside door there are the first one is to enter the apartment complex and the second one is the door to our apartment we live on the floor . my dad the buzzer and we could hear the door downstairs opening you can usually hear the but there was no sound whatsoever . at this point me my dad and my sister are at the front door and i m almost my pants out of fear . and it was so quiet that it made everything even . all of the sudden we hearing right in front of our front door that that we were just apart with this creepy person which got me to the point where i crying and i literally felt like i was going to faint . my dad screaming that he would call the police if they t go away and that he would open the door and whatever would happen after that t his problem . as i we were hearing muffled but t figure out what the person was saying . but after my dad that he would call the police the person literally screaming " yes " over and over again . we obviously very confused were trying to figure out what we should do . so we decided to just tell the person to immediately go outside and we would call the police . right after that we just kept hearing mumbling again and just heavy going down the . my dad told my to immediately call the police so she did . as we went to the balcony to see who the hell the person was i literally felt my heart dropping into my pants . there was a woman about of age curly hair that was all over the place in pyjama and barefoot just sitting on our curb rocking back and forth . my dad was trying to talk to her but she literally like she was possessed . after a couple of she eventually talking . mind you she literally like she was possessed and was perplexed like she just saw a demon . she eventually told us that someone broke into her home and that something to her she just kept on saying " my my " . she also where she lived which was literally almost from where i live which she literally ran here at am in the morning barefoot because someone did something to her . at this point almost all of our were on their balcony s aswell . shortly after a whole troupe of police came and they took the woman with them . to this day i still think about the fact that this woman out of all and of people in this city ran until she our apartment and rang exactly our doorbell . and we still don t know if that woman was just crazy if she was telling the truth or if it was something completely else than these two . my family been involved with for more than i would care to think about and recently i was helping my dad go through our family s of memorabilia and trying to decide what to donate to our local historical society . between the brakeman ' s time tables faded and log i found a small journal . looking inside the cover it had the name emma cave . as far as i knew we t related to anyone with that name so naturally i got curious . apparently emma was an opera singer in the s and she was a frequent rider on the various southern pacific that criss crossed southern . she more often than not traveled with her company and often the luxury while her were usually regulated to the more mundane quarters of the train . she wrote of her frequent the and how the various were decorated . she told of the people she met on the train the regular she met . as i was through the journal i discovered several in the middle of the journal to have a light speckling of blood on them . she a few and then when she making again her once beautiful handwriting had become shaky and distressed . what she wrote was so disturbing i felt i had to share it . here is a transcription of what i found . march dear diary the last few days have been the most trying i ever experienced . a few days ago i found myself aboard the sunset express we were traveling from new to san . the ride was mostly uneventful i spent most of my time lounging in my private cabin and observing the . early in the afternoon on the th we to approach the small city of . been in my cabin most of the day i decided to stretch my and explore the train some . as i did a certain feeling of unease to settle in my chest . i was unsure if the anxiety crushing down on me was because of my upcoming performance or if it was something else . as i the i kept seeing something running outside the of the train car . it was a thin spindly black figure . it was than coal and then the train i had ever been on . whatever the creature was it had no discernible it was almost like a humanoid shaped void . i only caught of it out of the of my and i hoped so deeply that it was a trick of the lighting while it t any form of hysteria . as we the four o clock hour i to see these more frequently . as we the not only more often but they more numerous and more grotesque . some of them to be that had been while had extra and . no two were exactly alike but yet they were all equally terrifying . i was thoroughly convinced at this point stress had taken over my mind and to make my way back to my cabin . each window i on the way revealed more and more of these strange and disturbing . as i made it to my door i could hear the engineer yelling . he and i had become friendly during my many on the line and it t hard for me to recognize his voice . he was screaming at the fireman yelling at him to get those out of there get them off . i went to make my way towards the front of the train when i saw more of the . far from running alongside the train as they had been they were now crawling on the some of them were even reaching long ghastly arms inside the train through that various had . long talon like by their hair almost as though they were trying to pull them through the small . filled the train as the panicked . the crew was yelling frantically and there was absolute chaos as more and more of the . all around me people were being with each touch from one of the a blister would appear on their skin almost as though they had been branded by the devil himself . the were absolutely filled with these as our train crested the hill leading into . the closer we got to town the more depraved the got . were being flung around the car as if they weighed no more than a feather . somehow in the pandemonium i was against the window . down the line i could see a few of these gathering around what to be a switch grasping at it desperately . as the switch the each threw their head back almost like they were joining an unholy chorus . the on the train in and each time one of them it was like the of a thousand tortured them . the train s whistle as the train headed near the switch and it to slow . the chaotic energy in the train was by the panic of the switchman on the ground . he must have the panicked and was running towards the train . as he the switch he saw the . he ' t have but a second to react before they him . i could see the blistering on his skin . the last time i saw him he was swinging his brakeman ' s club toward the hoard of . we hit the part of the track by the switch and i remember feeling the cabin go . i remember the and the of glass breaking . when the car came to a stop i was laying on what had once been the . i ' t feel one of my and it was trapped beneath the seat . as i my i could see those everyone who they had touched everyone who had been branded and dragging them out of the train . this time when the touched them their went limp and the life from their . i could hear the of people from the town rushing to the accident and even though they frantically i knew there would not be many . while i laid in of glass and blood i could hear different people talking . there were of the how they were back . that the train had not the . there was a man yelling telling our would be to stand back and to let the do what they to . it was right about then i out . at some point a rescuer found me . i ' m currently in the church across from the . there were so many people injured and dead that the hospital had become so the community quickly converted the church to an emergency hospital for those of us who t gravely injured . in the bed next to me is the engineer . he been rambling incoherently since i awoke he is the only one i talk about the since i woke up . the are whispering about him to a sanatorium . i have decided to write this and slip it in his coat pocket . i know he crazy and he needs to know it too . it ' s clear to me that someone knew this could happen they knew about the existence of these and chose to hide them . i can only hope this tragedy is enough to make the train rethink those . i the journal entry to my dad and his face went pale . he apparently about these of . he said there have been all over the world of similar around train . he s not sure what they are but he pretty convinced it ' s the universe ' s way of telling us were never meant to travel by rail or any speed faster then we are naturally capable of . he that once we reach a certain speed we are able to see we t and that those can see us back . he it ' s why so many people imagine seeing running alongside their when they are traveling . most people just don ' t realize those ' t imaginary . he also told me a family legend about one of our who was an engineer during a massive train accident . apparently so many were lost and he felt so much guilt he lost his mind . he ended up being and in the asylum until his death . he said it was one of my great and he can remember traveling to the asylum with his father as a young boy to collect my great uncle ' s when he . this journal must have been part of what they received from the hospital . we still have a storage full of different and and i be sure to share anything else of note that i find . you notice i m a throwaway that s because i don t want anyone from my area to know for sure this is me and my house we re talking about . see it s always been the talk of the town . we live in this old town with lots of gorgeous money . a lot of them have been broken up into now but there are three that their original glamour more or less over the . there s the biggest house in town complete with a ballroom and a tower bedroom but that caught on fire when i was and never . there s the most ornate house in town with its mansard roof and but since the antique store closed and the former it s been sitting dormant and looking in need of care . so the last one standing is our house . i mean it s not in great shape either my husband and i bought it from my grandma last year . it s always neat and tidy even after my grandpa . but upon closer inspection after we d already bought the place we grandma had more on the aesthetics than the structure and there were in the foundation . this meant starting a basement renovation . fun ! except not so much when the house is over a hundred old and the basement once as housing for dead . because you see it used to be a funeral home . now before you think it s obvious my house is blah blah blah you re wrong . or at least there s something more to it than a simple because i actually spent every summer in this house and throughout most of my childhood and now my adulthood since the house it . i t from the area so when visiting the playground with my would gleefully tell me i lived in the old s funeral and then wait expectantly as if for me to confirm i m to stay in it . but i t . really and truly never felt a raised hair or never as if something through me never that t be there never took a picture with . the solid brick house with its thick and felt cozy and safe . as i spent many muggy nights out on the antique wicker furniture under the safety of the wrap around veranda watching the lightning put on a poor man s show across the inky summer sky . maybe it s because of the relative instability of my own home life but i certainly remember those at this house with my as some of my most peaceful and idyllic . that s why when my told me my grandma had finally the house more than she could give and was considering it up for sale i immediately made my husband take the drive out of the city to check it out . would it add an hour to our commute ? at least . did it need more money and time than we had to restore it to it s former glory or even a semblance thereof ? without question . but was it everything we had ever ? absolutely . a large in property great and even an in law apartment above the old . with one toddler and another baby on the way we knew we d need more room before long and with this market t going to get better for the foreseeable future so we took what we thought was our best opportunity for the good life and hoped to make it work . and we did for the past year until we set up the nursery . our guy slept in our room on the third floor a attic for the past six while i been exclusively breastfeeding him but now that he s sleeping the night he been down to the second floor where we converted what was once the housekeeper s room into a nursery . the room s wallpaper was probably still the original as it t during my renovation upon purchase in the s and they just used the room for storage obviously no need for a servant s room or a nursery what with my and her already . anyway my husband and i had a big debate about what to do with the wallpaper . he t want to do a proper removal and just to paint over it i said either take it off properly or we put more wallpaper over it . in the end we did nothing leaving the original blue striped wallpaper but out the carpet which definitely more than just a deep clean . then we set up the crib the dresser and finally the baby monitor . out the confirmed it s all working took a pic for the gram and off we went ready for the little guy s first night in his own room . he s a solid sleeper so i t not worried really but i m a and it s my baby s first night alone so i was on high alert . i had the monitor up on sensitive for both sound and motion . and . . . nothing . we woke up the next morning at our usual time and everything s great ! so we went through our day and soon enough it s nap time . i took my son and a bottle upstairs to the rocking chair in his new room . we get about halfway through the bottle when i he s stopped drinking and is just staring over my shoulder . thinking he s gone into a milk coma i the out and him with it to encourage him to keep going which he did for second his rolling back in his head as he the before a moment later his snapped open and he s staring behind me again . against all hope it s not a spider i turned my head to look but saw nothing . it once more before he finished the bottle and i put him on my shoulder to burp him . only he to relax he s tense and twisting around in my arms as if distracted by something that i can t see . but i can hear it . i thought at first it was one of the left on or one of their stuck in a loop its . i hear it when i m in the nursery when everything is quiet and i m rocking the baby i hear the coming from down the hall or down the . they are faint and unintelligible but they sound merry ? it s loud but not a yelling or anything the best way to describe it is like when you were a and your had a grown up party downstairs . you could hear their merriment the occasional shriek of laughter and raised but it like fun and not the least bit ominous . these have been for several now me hearing the and then the baby staring at the corner during before i finally decide to share what is happening with my husband . only how do you tell him you think the nursery maybe the whole house is ? especially after convincing him to pour his life and any future earnings into it . it s obvious he t hear anything never it although to be fair to me he s not in the nursery as often as i am . but maybe he could at least observe the baby s strange behaviour during . so i have him watch us on the monitor before a nap last weekend and nothing . of course typical . when i come downstairs he just at me patronizingly and i m sure he does it all the time . then he to the while i head back to the kitchen . on my way i hear an out of place sound coming from the monitor nothing scary just not the usual white noise . glancing at it i notice the baby who was sound asleep when i put him in the crib is now standing straight up and staring again . this is alarming because he is staring into the corner and my baby never stood up on his own . running back upstairs i burst through the door only to startle and wake up my now sleeping baby . if you stuck around this long thank you for listening and maybe you have some advice should we take the baby out of the nursery ? so far i haven t anything at night but of course i ' m sleeping then too . there s been some sound on the monitor most often just after a . m . but i haven t anything from my room and by the time i login to check the everything is silent . the auto also only kick in when the motion alert goes off which t yet . i ' m trying to stay calm and rational . is it true nothing scary in the day ? my husband is over it t hear anything and i m being ridiculous he s a very salt of the earth kind of guy . honestly in between the i think i m being silly myself because and i want to emphasize that in my ish of living here off and on of course i have never ever felt anything remotely close to a presence in this house and neither anyone else in my family across multiple . however there is one important detail i think i should note i don t know anyone who ever stayed in that room before we put our baby in it . there was a tiny nick on the back of my hand barely an inch across . too small to hurt but it radiated a warm sickly itch . my the heat to flare up and a small part of me was worried that the cut would widen with a sound like paper tearing and my hand from halfway up my palm would fall off leaving a bleeding useless pad of flesh and bone out from my wrist . why would i think that ? have i never hurt myself before never had to even slightly consider my own mortality ? i up the feeling to be some last vestige of a dying nightmare bubbling up momentarily at the sight of rent skin . it was just a scratch probably the result of a sharp edged fingernail in the middle of the night . the blot of rusty red by my pillow to confirm this hypothesis . by the time i had my drowsy wife and into my work clothes i had completely forgotten it . only now in retrospect does the memory haunt me . dutifully at a slice of toast i left for work under the yolky orange of the rising sun between of scraggly purple . as i turned to leave the estate i an ambulance silently flashing outside one of the older closer to the exit . automatically i crossed myself half my in church only a childhood memory . on the main road an early morning talk show drivel on the radio . window open a sliver to let the cool wind wake me up a little . sparse traffic many red and a few driving too fast were the of my commute . i distastefully at a few of the radio host s and switched to a station the latest from three ago . for some reason my left hand the one with the cut felt than the right . a few times it had from the steering wheel and i had to make an actual conscious effort to raise it back up . when i finally at work i had decided that if this numbness kept up i d have to book a doctor s appointment by the end of the day . i t afraid my heart t thump like a caged animal against my chest i t hyperventilate or feel dizzy . i was more concerned about the vending machine being out of chocolate or my adjacent s cubicle being empty a sticky note over his s monitor . for the next three i was preoccupied with chasing filling in and shuffling through the growing pile of on my desk . i t hear the guy next to me come in i only felt the wall shake as he down on his chair . you re late . i balanced a sheaf of badly stapled together on top of our wall . need you to fill out the bottom of page five and seven there . a creak of a chair and the were out of sight . i him sigh as he through them . hey not my fault i a little indignantly . just a few . when he again i bit my lip in mild frustration but said nothing . the back into sight . i took them down and them straight . thank y i the rest of the sentence being off in shock . the were dappled and streaked with of blood gruesomely sticky under my . where i had him to sign he had in a shaky hand help me . can t speak my tongue been cut to . can t feel my . on the way to work . i what i had assumed as exasperated was in fact strained breathing . he was in great pain . i let the fall to my desk . my own hand was beginning to burn and i watched in horror as something like a long curling fingernail or a bird s ivory talon poked out from a shimmer in the air . it dipped down towards my hand and with a quick flick added another inch to my still bleeding cut . then with a childlike snicker it into the shimmer and . i and fell back in my chair knocking the air out of my as i off the carpet . from my position i could see my and the trail of blood he had left on his way in . it was only a fleeting image of him back in his chair arms dangling down and red onto the carpet a shirt speckled with bloody spreading to connect with each other . i turned and fled before i caught a glimpse of his face . out curiously from their like whack a as i rushed for the . i t want to cause a scene and the were barely used despite the office s many in healthy living . on the landing i got my phone out wincing as my cut rubbed against the coarse denim of my pants pocket and for the emergency . i was to hear an automatic response calmly inform me that due to an unprecedented volume of traffic we cannot take your call at the moment . please hold or try again at a later stage . i hung up and rang again getting the same response . after three more my mind frantically for other . something right into my ear and my lip split open . i swinging around to the source of the laughter . a patch of air and dissipated back to normal . racing back out i down if anyone any first aid training or if someone can try and get through to the emergency ? a few people got up and me who was hurt . follow me i said breathlessly he s left a bit of a trail . someone if it was my lip that tending to . another that and taken it as fact loudly about wasting everyone s time . the small crowd i had quickly to a handful of good but only one a friendly girl from i . t to notice the blood . i noted the small cut on her chin . apart from her nobody could see anything out of the ordinary . when we got to my s cubicle i wished i t see either . he from his ruined mouth . he was in shimmering air and like in summer heat a dozen long him from every angle carving him up like roast . what are you saying ? one of the sounding worried . are you . ? " his voice off his face falling slack . you ' re drunk . . i at him incredulously as he in disgust and turned to me . no wonder you so uneasy . we as the i . t girl who had been staring at ashen faced with her over her mouth crumpled to the floor . look what you done ! can someone get her some water ? what ha ? she just . nothing to do with too damn hot in . go home . i been working here for four in the same cubicle for three of them . i never knew his name was . must have seen his signature a hundred thousand times and it never sank in . now i was watching him literally unravel . my office chair i tried to defend him from the flurry of the incredulous on my . to them i must have like i was some sort of fit swinging my chair around me in rage . for every swipe i deflected from another shimmering cloud would form beside me and another claw would lash out at me . curled up into a ball over his head . my gorge rose to its limit when i saw he was missing three on his left hand and his right thumb was dangling off by a meaty thread . the space between it and his forefinger and a talon expertly finished the job . the stump rolled off his head and down the back of his shirt . lee he warbled . safe yo . . he wetly spitting out of tongue . no i at him and the people trying to restrain me . i for control of my impromptu bludgeon now fighting both my and those . seeing me struggle with my fellow to have them in hysterics . the air tore open right by my shoulder the biggest shimmer so far . the space in the gap like static from an old television but i could make out a dark bulk and the yellow mischievous glint of an eye . the bulk back for its attack . the arm that shot out was a dark red in colour diamond shaped scales each other occasionally sticking out like . at first i thought it had two as the arm had from a z shaped position . it was the fact that the wrist was set further back to accommodate the long segmented too many of them to count trailing off the end of the arm like a bundle of sticks or the of a tree . each one under the weight of a large sickle shaped claw . i the attack aside a few tearing through the cushioned seat . the arm quickly retracted as fast as a tape measure and the gap sealed shut behind it . as i had fought against the adversary a dozen had my back and down my left arm which had already been pinned behind me by the guy from two down who practiced in his spare time . he to get his foot between mine and kicking mine from beneath me i was to the ground . for the second time that day the wind was out of me . i let go of my ruined chair in defeat . across from me back at me through one lifeless eye . he was dead and people were teasing him for being such a lightweight drinker . the ambulance never but the police did . apparently in my fight against the invisible i had swung my chair behind me and broken some intern s nose . he had told them he had been by a madman with an office chair as a mace . the two are still jotting down the and have told me to sit outside my boss s office me back to my school days . except back then there had been no during detention . i m writing this now before they bring me in . i think by the time they collected all the eyewitness i have been skinned alive . the i . t girl is the only one me waving an angry hand at s corpse and back at me her face cut up badly with a look of anger and confusion . the guy is literally standing on top of him giving himself an extra few in height and nobody to notice . i post this as a warning . i don t know how widespread this situation is . i don t know if i m going to live through this or not . the have become more and more sporadic as if their attention on something else . it might be you . so if you notice a cut on your chin even though you haven t shaved today or you feel a sting in the back of your neck it could be just coincidence . or it could be the . we were getting everything to our door . food medicine and if we were very lucky even toilet paper . so when i picked up the box unremarkable cardboard brown i took no more notice of it than any other delivery . it was only when i it down on the kitchen counter that i the return address was from my grandmother s nursing home . it ' t surprise anyone when she in late last year . it s a terrible thing to lose a child and how she even to limp through those final five after my i t tell you . i d felt a palpable tension as i went through her an emotion so intense and distinct from loss that there was no way to confuse it for part of the grieving process . at the time i just put it down to me being a middle aged man saying good bye and the feeling of mortality that was bound to impose . there t been much to clean out from her room a few some clothes that she d had most of her life and cleaning it up had taken a little over an hour and a half . so as i sliced open the box revealing the heavy old wooden case beneath i had no idea what to expect . the wood i found beneath the cardboard was heavy seeming to have the tensile strength of metal and it was painted with red and white that must have been brilliant and gleaming at some point . at its base was a tin plate with rummage and circus into the metal in a small but indelible script . there was a heavy old lock built into the case s top . i at it fully it to be . it with a crunch and the lid swung open too against the box with unexpected force . inside was a model steam engine . it was a deep midnight black with red and gold gilding . i the antique out into the light and at the weight . again it felt like wood to the touch but its heft something far more substantial . in its cab there was a figure . a man in a coat that the case s colors his smiling face topped with a stovepipe hat . one arm extended outside the cab s window forever raised in greeting to whomever might be around when the old r r circus might pull through town . the other ended at his elbow the red coat neatly pinned to cap the stump . there were fifteen in total each one bearing the name of an animal or an act . bear . elephant . acrobat . seal . clown . i laid them out on the counter next to the engine the ring master staring in mute witness . each one of them empty except for the last . it was the the most well as my would have put it of all the . unlike the it was missing its the tiny that had them in place the wood where the tiny that must have them in place had been free the wood . in place someone had the word tyrant on either side . when i picked it up it was immediately apparent from the weight and the pronounced thump that came from inside it that it still had an occupant . against the tiny dowel a figure of a lion with an impossibly heavy mane was . its tawny body was with scratches and outright . i a malicious brat dumping it headfirst into a blender alongside the brave and of joe . one of its had been cleanly away . the eye to tilt to follow me around the room the way a portrait s do sometimes . daddy ? my son from upstairs his apparently over . be right there champ ! i had never him that before in his life . i quickly all the back into the box tyrant and his compartment going in first . i was not even remotely careful even though this was clearly an antique . i it out into the and locked the patio door for good measure . daddy what s his name ? s voice out from behind me . i turned back from the patio door and saw that my son was cradling the heavy old toy lion in his arms its head under his chin as though it were a beloved puppy . the falling from my before i even knew they were going to . i had that damn thing when i was a child . i d it from the moment grandma had given it to me . i d been on old brown carpet on my floor to clear up a traffic jam of hot and matchbox when i felt that someone was watching me . grandma stood in the doorway the expression on her weathered face . she one finger to her as the behind her cat s eye glasses were seemingly alight with something as close to joy as i d seen since in them since grandpa had over a month ago . slowly she crept up next to me the heavy wooden box in one hand seemingly no great issue for her old body to bear . then she set it down next to me and said when your grandfather came walking into my life he brought just three with him . just that suit she at me knowing i d the old talking about the day old r had strode in wearing the most beat to hell they d ever seen that smile her grew misty and in the middle distance i swore she could see him as though he were walking to meet her right at that moment and this case . her worked the heavy snap and the mechanism disengaged with a force and a recoil like pistol shot at close range . in the afternoon sun i could see the dust that had been by the box s opening around in the air . back then at least half the were still full . i the . the wild and free . the out in a mass their making me feel appropriately uncomfortable . the ringmaster s arm was still gone . then she brought out the last car and the tawny beast inside . part of me did consider immediately trying to get rid of it keeping the rest of the and their and simply throwing the bastard out but something about the way it at me at me with those two i left it sitting there in the center of my rug because it was silly to be afraid of it t it ? just something my grandfather had brought along with him from his old life the one he gave up to marry my grandma . to say it was just the lion that made me uncomfortable uneasy would be false . even in daylight the color of the faded from time of pudgy passing over them they the bright sheen of the i was familiar with . their weight was also odd and alien to me as though they t meant for s . then there were the they made at night . the grubbed around across my rug sluggish bellows issuing from their . the at each other as they across my gleefully knocking my to the floor . the and the with each other across the uneven of my toy box out of and giggling at the sheer insanity that was their existence . then there was the ringmaster . i never saw him move at night i don t think so anyway . i d often catch sight of the on my late night to the bathroom moving out of the corner of my eye . of brown white teal all colors that in the daylight i could assign to one of the many that now my bedroom . never once did i spot the deep maroon of his coat or the coal black of his stovepipe hat but i would hear his . from the bookshelf from the toy chest from under my bed . at least once a night i would hear just three as it woke me from my sleep . none of them me . there was a labored desperation to the of the and . a sad mania to the laughter of the and the . they meant me harm of course . the out of instinct the and out of malice . but all it would take was one throaty growl to pierce their fruitless existence and remind them they had their own . the tyrant was awake and he was hungry . we feared him because all were supposed to . one by one the circus . the were first their indignant off of the bathroom . then the their tiny off the hardwood as they tried to escape him . just three dead ! then the . that s when the first to pepper his . that took him some time and their drowsy for many nights until they all fell silent . the show of your lifetime ! i think the went quickly and quietly because the next thing i was the dying . they even as he cracked their open . come inside come inside ! then he ate he man all the and even hulk hogan . i d been leaving them out for him to find after waking up one night to feel something no than a house cat prowling across my bed clothes . i was growing older and my emotional attachment to those was already fading . i d tried other ways of course . i brought him along on family to the city the and sometimes just when i d take my bike out in town . i d find some spot in a grocery store or in the knothole in some old pine out in the and i d just leave him there . there would be a night or two before it back up on one of my or in my closet . always seeming just a big bigger than it had before fresh around its maw from whatever it had eaten on its way home . more than once when i d tried this approach i since up to telephone if anyone had seen the family s cat admiral perry or s collie . i once stood in front of martin s house one of my most for half an hour tyrant resting heavily in my . was popular among and made decent and had the kind of easy charm that that life for him was always going to be peachy for him . despite all that he never an opportunity to give me a quick kidney punch as we made our way to the next class or trip if i ever to run past him . s dad had come to the front door ready to run some domestic errand i imagine and seeing a child that he as going to school with his own boy raised a hand in friendly greeting . i home with in my and that damned lion bouncing off the small of my back as i rode . one i was watching alone in my room and before i even knew i was going to do it i ran out to barn and my grandfather s old hammer from his work bench . i back to my room before anyone saw me . i picked tyrant off the shelf where he was lounging and set him in the dead center of my room on the floor . i down in front of him my pinched tight both of my the hammer above my head ready to bring it down against his skull until i drove it into the . i nearly did it too . at the last moment i cracked one eyelid ever so slightly and i saw that single baleful eye the other last on one of his many back to me glaring up at me . i back downstairs and outside the unused weapon on my shoulder my mother s voice calling after me be sure to put that back where you found it . you might justifiably wonder why i never told my or grandmother about what was happening in my room . whenever the idea would enter my mind when i would emerge from the almost constant haze i lived in from fear and lack of sleep i would find my grandma staring at me her finger tightly to her . once on a car trip with just and me i suddenly decided to tell her because she was my surely she d want to protect me from anything right ? i turned in the passenger seat and saw that she d taken her from the road and was already looking at me shush my mother said before turning her head painfully slowly back to the windshield . this went on for almost a year . right up until he ate . the most remarkable thing about was his name . an odd jangly collection of and that could have only come together in our little corner of new . he was a scrawny scrappy grade school aged joe dirt though spade s star turn in that film was a good away . he was the kind of that thought smoking like his dad was going to make him the king of our elementary school . the elder was a year veteran of the state of island s penal system a guard not a guest . this position was a point of particular pride for who would regale anyone who would listen with tales of his father tuning up the . we d been by virtue of our social isolation since first grade . our mirrored the classic fat skinny of comedy so clearly that it almost bordered on parody . we were the that you d invite to your birthday only if your that everybody received an invitation . our were old school going as far back as our town s founding . both still to own property by virtue of the fact that our had been here when all that was was building a fence and not dying your first winter . still we were still perennial preferable by far to people born outside our little community but still not people you in your house . as we the middle of our th year the in our had . or maybe i was just getting tired of talking about the three he found acceptable and . had been the main focus of s ridiculously outsized interest in since he d made peace with the fact that was unlikely to be an option as he d never move to . one afternoon he was over at my house through for the time while the somehow epic and chipper washed over me as i sat silently reading . i don t know how long he d the game before i the room was silent but when i did i up and saw staring at me with disapproval on his face . i braced for his standard maybe or queer . were not on the list of . what the is that ? he said finally jabbing an finger over my shoulder . i felt a heavy weight drop deep in my gut . in the year the train had my room had been in there more than anyone else outside of me and my . it had sat there for a silent observer to our growing and mutual disaffection . there was no reason for that day to be one the one he finally the train . i turned and saw that tyrant was out of his cage and there on my bureau all four eternally and ready to pounce . oh nothing just something my grandma gave me i said trying to remain casual . at me for a moment and then with a deep sigh and with a voice full of pronounced that the circus is for dude . he set the controller down on the floor before slowly unfolding himself from the chair . let me see it . he s going to steal it . i thought . no i t think it i knew it . was going to try and sneak out of my house with the thing that had me for into some pocket . if he could . if i let him . they found the body about a month later down a trail out in the that we d all on . i t from since that day in my room and it was the summer so there was no school at which to bump into each other . these were the social media days and it was painfully easy for a with s home life to just vanish for a while before anyone . still when they found him in the his right arm torn roughly from his body the word spread through our small town like wildfire . suddenly everyone had a story about what a good student and friend had been how close they d been to him . forgotten was his foul mouth the broken and the vulgar spray can outside the first methodist church . other for a while . were to the household for a month or so and s brother was to a few more than he would have been . we saw at least one of the town s three patrol circle past the playground were there . our us a bit and eyed with a bit more suspicion . this all faded in time . when those had come and gone and there was no sign of the lion i the train back into its box and it in the attic . maybe i should have thrown it away or burned it but i don t know if it would have made any difference . i never found the ringmaster . i never his patter ringing out in the night again either . as far as i could tell there was no show for him to hawk for and so by slow painful my life . in time i just forgot the whole thing until i d the box on my kitchen counter . even as i d each empty car free from the case there t anything more than a twinge of disquiet but then when i d tyrant free i could see the malevolence that shone from that solitary eye . he me and in flash i him . i was by a shuffling in our bedroom and a profound sense of . . . presence something rapidly filling out space that had been empty only before . i shot upright and found the knob for my s lamp . in the sudden light which had no effect on my wife s slumber i saw our son standing motionless at the foot of our bed . i might have said he was staring at us but the glazed over look in his told me he t really seeing anything . ? i watched his jaw move and low whispered coming between his . are you ? his head t turn in my direction . his muttering t cease for even an instant . a ridiculous portion of my brain the bit in all of us that to accept like this as real up you re not supposed to wake a sleepwalker . ? i repeated my swinging down to the floor . as i his arms rose from his sides his fanning out wide and i could make out the looping out of him . . . . three dead he again . a lilt was creeping into his soda cracker flat voice . . i knelt down in front of him . show of a lifetime . he in my direction energy itself into his and a sly smile crept across his face . wake up . i tried to sound stern as my wife drew in a deep gurgling snore . come inside come inside ! the tempo of his voice raised even as its pitch taking on the baritone of a much older man . the panic was rising in me . i know what i was supposed to do next . you all seen the . i was supposed to snap my at him yell shake him by his and when all that i was supposed to slap him . just hard enough to hurt . instead i my on either side of his face and straight into his glassy the that so much like his mother s when they were full of his own life . i spoke as gently and calmly as i could hey can you come back to us ? there was no response for one long moment and as it out i aware of every creak and groan the house made in the quiet of the early morning . just three . . . the ringmaster again . you want to get in the big bed ? the of his unnaturally wide spun down to their normal size and i could them start to take in the world around him . daddy ? said his tiny breath puffing against my face . i to pull him into a hug but i knew if i did there was every chance he might cry . yeah you ready to get in ? he his head vigorously and i led him over to my side and him in carefully . i a kiss on his forehead and stood up . don t go said quietly . it s i need you to do two for me . daddy . . . he . i need you to stay with mommy and take care of her and i need you to tell me where it is . he for a minute before saying it s in my room . despite everything i a little at this . where in your room sweetie ? by the farm . daddy he s eating the he eat you too . don t be silly it s just a toy . i been in s room for nearly two now the door locked tightly behind me . i went to the garage and a claw hammer from my toolbox and as i the kitchen i the butcher knife from the block . when i d i saw the farm set my wife had bought last sitting there under the bluish glow of the . there were of plastic and chicken and spread across the plywood . dark almost black the of their . i set my down on the floor momentarily . when i picked the set up my came away tacky and damp whatever it was it was already drying . one by one i went to each of my boy s scattered and them as high up as i could . currently on every flat surface above shoulder height there s of spider man and paw patrol . after the last one was put away i stood there in silence staring into their little lifeless plastic . and then i laid down on the floor . there s a coppery tang down here the smell pushing its way into my no matter how shallowly i breath . i don t think it knew what i was doing at first content to finish off whatever it had under the bed with it . then as time ticked by i could sense it moving over the beyond of the circle of dim light . when it could find no to gnaw on and no fresh i its roar roll out from the darkness by the ringmaster beginning his liturgy call just three dead ! then something in the air a rumble or rush of air and the roar came again bigger this time . as it its hunger the endless hunger driving it forward was growing with each step . its body filled the air around me with humidity and heat . show of a lifetime ! at some point i closed my the hammer and the knife tightly and . i can feel it right in front of me now if i had to guess it s almost life size . with each exhale or sniff the smell of blood over me . i run from this thing almost my whole life . i with it feed it and did my to just forget it and what i had to do . it worked for a while too i had nearly thirty of peace after i feed to it . now i m going fight and i hope i can buy at least that long . come inside come inside ! i remember this happening in pretty good detail but i wonder if the ghost i saw was real or something else . i never fully in and i still don ' t but i don ' t have a lot of as to what it could ' been . this ' t the first time i thought i saw a ghost . i don ' t know exactly when but it was about a year or two ago . i was probably the only one awake in the house at the time . i tend to stay up pretty late so it was probably or or past that . i got up to go get ready for bed . i went to the bathroom to brush my teeth . i in the mirror most of the time because that ' s what i naturally do . when i was finished brushing my teeth i at the mirror again and saw something . it was a short black ghost and it ran by the closet door behind me . it like it had an oversized cloak on . it to be about a foot tall . the ghost kind of fast and down as if it were trying to keep attention away from it . it to disappear once it got to the bathroom door . i was really out by this . my bathroom is pretty small as well so i ' t just move away quickly enough in the short time i saw it . i am still kind of of being in the bathroom late at night because even though i know probably ' t real i still subconsciously feel like one could just materialize behind me when i look in the mirror . i ' m not even if the ghost would hurt me or not i would just be in general . this event made me open to the possibility of being real . i have seen " " before but once was when i was and once when i was . i could ' been half asleep or for all i know . but this event was more recent and is still in my head . i ' m right now almost so i was about or when this . i ' d still be so unsettled if this again to me now probably a lot more . another strange thing is this figure similar to a ghost in a compilation video i saw a few ago . i always thought it was strange that they the same . i don ' t know if that anything other than me the ghost . i used to watch those paranormal compilation often when i was younger and now i ' m curious whether or not some of those are real . i wish i knew if my were on me or if that was real . i know i was wide awake when this . i have very realistic sometimes but i can distinguish one from the other . i wonder if i ' ever see a ghost again . i remember we had to restrain him that day . he fought against his like a lion caught in a snare . " why are you doing this to me ? " toby . his wildfire as he them across the room . " it ' s so you don ' t hurt yourself or . " i as i the folder sitting on my lap . " what is your name ? " toby his head then down into the white tile floor . " i don ' t remember . " i wrote his answer down . to my knowledge there ' t any new at play so this change of behavior had me scratching at my head . for all and was healthy and a mere three days from walking out of the institute . " do you remember me ? " i . " do you know my name ? " " you look familiar . " toby said as he again at his . " i had the dream again . " " what dream ? " i . " you know what dream . " he said as a tinge of sarcasm the edge of his . i for a clue on his medical history . his file ' t particularly thick but for some reason the of our my frantic query . finally i them out of the folder and back at june th . " the day the world . " toby as his off into the wall . had been admitted under the assumption that he had severe mental illness . the found him naked amongst its own feces and urine surrounded by a mess of written in many eclectic . he on about the that millennia ago and that were to happen on the morrow . the other were fast to give toby the pet name the man . " don ' t follow me doctor . don ' t you dare . " toby said . of sweat ran down my as i tried to untangle what had gone wrong . over the past few our treatment had worked . toby was a fluent speaker with rational and peaceful nights . " toby . toby ' s your name . " i said as i closed the folder . " six were made . six were written . six were slaved . six were eaten . " toby over and over . " toby ! " i . " toby listen to me ! " but he ' t budge . it was as if my could not reach him . in a desperate attempt to pull him back into our reality i both of his . " for god ' s sake toby stay with me ! don ' t let it win ! " i . " ' ta . ' ta . ' ta . ' ta " he those over and over as a caustic reaction to develop all over his skin . i at the nurse in turn to my aid but it spread too fast too violent . of his now rotten flesh exploded filling the room with gut bone and blood . he on the other hand this and away the same with unbridled enthusiasm . the metallic door behind us open and a team of in carrying life saving equipment . none of which would be able to help toby for he was too far gone . the only thing he left behind were of molten black flesh along with burnt entrails and bone . spontaneous combustion the coroner was the cause of death . i to accept that some random and rare immolation was the reason why toby had lost his life . his although completely alien to me came up again and again inside my head urging me inviting me to search . the air grew malevolent as i into toby ' s room . ungodly each and every wall me know that the very ground where i had been corrupted by whatever . i around trying to make any sense of it . but it was pointless . whatever mad wisdom toby had was now lost forever among these eldritch . suddenly the room took a life of its own it spun wildly as if the whole sanatorium had been into a roller coaster . i and swayed across gripping at anything i could get a hold of . " ' ta . " i myself say . " . troy are you ? " a voice far far away . " ' ta . " i repeated . " i think he ' s a stroke . " the voice said . when i came to my a team of were doing their best to make sure i would not suffer the same fate as toby . " doctor what were you doing in toby ' s room ? " one of them said . i back at the now mute . for some reason they less less cryptic . as a matter of fact i could almost distinguish alphabetical within them . " i just tried to make sense . of all of this . . . of what to toby . " i said . " maybe you should go home doctor . rest a little . " the nurse advised . i could tell the were rattled from the whole ordeal . a patient passing away is one thing but what to would not go away soon . still the last thing they was another lunatic wandering the of the institute . so i went home . at some point of time after to my flat i fell asleep . i at a hellish landscape impossible unraveled before me of putrid flesh and purulent as far as the eye could see . below me unholy and broke through the ground pounding into my and thrashing my mind . it was there in what i could only describe as the hell to those unworthy of hell where i found toby once again . he carried a black book under his arm . " toby ! " i out . " i you . " he . " where are we ? " i as i tried to traverse through the pus and the gunk . toby the black book and it in front of him . " six were made . six were written . six were slaved . six were eaten . " the book unleashed its fury over me . it was a roar a rabid shriek that blasted obscene into my brain and that no human ever alive could possibly ever feel grotesque that would take of psychology to describe . and it all came at once in a single and flash of complete horror . just before i felt my heart about to burst i woke up in a puddle of my own sweat . my mouth tasted metallic a rancid turmoil of spit and bile . it that at some time during my slumber i all over myself . it took of self explaining and a handful of to fully bring me back to my . in the end the conclusion was an obvious one . ' s death had left an impression on me pushing me to the point of some wild dream . that is of course until i to hear the the little of the madness from my nightmare . of those blasphemous came back and seeped into my brain pounding eating away at my soul . i write this as a testament of my ordeal for i am afraid that i am to suffer the same fate as . i hear them the those wretched and devilish . they talk to me they scream at me they demand for me . . . to let them in . ' ta . ' ta . ' ta . ' ta preface i think it s been long enough for me to finally put this one out . the cut rate private investigator hired by my late s father to have given up and my hope is that my story will bring me closure . whatever that . in my limited experience such as these that i intend to relate can not be forgotten only dimmed by time and new and drink . it was the summer before last that i left my home in the san bay area and up to . it was really a dream come true for me in a lot of ways . i had studied forestry at in that i could find a job working outdoors in one of the many spectacularly scenic of my home state . in of the year i was to graduate i accomplished this goal taking a job marking timber with the that was set to start in early june . by may my heather and i were living together happily in a studio apartment in a rapidly part of . she had even to convince our landlord to allow her to adopt a puppy and the speckled addition to our home was a source of constant joy to us both albeit a pointy one . the employment that i had for the summer included housing but because i to continue living with heather and we had to find our own place to live . we to do so with relative ease when heather found a charming guest house attached to one of the in town . built in the s it was the former home of a local judge who had long since perished and i recall teasing heather that it was probably by the people he had to death . if i only knew . as we up the winding mountain highway that the feather river heather and i were both blown away by the beauty of the surrounding area . ringed by teeming with tall green was a picturesque valley of ranch land criss crossed by swift moving clear mountain . the town s population was roughly five thousand and these were mostly scattered throughout the that surrounded a charming town proper on the valley floor . we found our rental in this cute little town between the feather bed inn and a local history museum and were pleasantly by our new . the which had not been pictured in the classified ad was spacious and green with plenty of room for our beloved pet to play . the bigger than they had in the and it was tastefully furnished with antique furniture and a modern kitchen . our new landlord and lady were a nice middle aged couple who had lived in the main house for some twenty . as we the property and learned of its the husband that they normally rented the guest house to short term but were forced by a resurgence of his wife s cancer to find a longer term tenant to watch over the property while they sought who were unavailable in the area . they had just about finished explaining the few that were our charge in exchange for the low rent they and heather was in the with and our landlady when our landlord me aside and grew quite serious . now not everyone who stays here this he but some of our have been late at night . do not let them in . don t talk to them don t look at them but above all do not let them in . i was quite taken aback and to think he was just messing with me as he quickly his stern demeanor and wished me a good summer . he and his wife departed the next day leaving heather and me to start our new life . went by without event . we were settling in well exploring the area s many swimming and and i was loving my new job in the . i had all but forgotten s strange and cryptic of caution and t even them to heather who was prone to be a bit imaginative . that is until the twenty third night of our stay . i had sweat the bed and awoke shivering and damp . kicking off the i went to change into dry clothes and i was a clean shirt over my head when there was a soft but audible knock at the door . i froze that i had checked my phone upon waking and seen that it was four in the morning . i was walking towards the door not to open it just to look and see if there was really something on our porch that had made the noise when i saw a human figure through the by the gibbous moon . i instantly s and my heart to stop . i at the dark shape for what felt like an eternity before i finally forced myself back into bed . heather and had been miraculously undisturbed so i under the and my shut . i in that position until my alarm and i tentatively out to see the room illuminated by the early morning sun . the thing at the door was nowhere to be seen . feeling immense relief i to prepare myself for the days work . heather woke up when i from my shower and i instantly told her of my strange encounter . i must have done a poor job the terror the thing had inspired because she more excited than afraid . i told her what had told me and she that she wished i had her up to see . babe please take this seriously . i . i was as hell and have no interest in with whatever that thing was . but she only oh come on babe i would never actually let someone in at that hour . even if they t a ghost . she me on the cheek and brushed past me to get into the bathroom . sighing i to tie my boots . this was not as easy as it should have been because had up and was savagely my and . i gently her before her out into the to relieve herself wished heather a good day through the bathroom door and left for work . i t mention anything about the late caller to any of my crew save my best friend who i had to get a job at the last minute due to an unforeseen opening . he t have much counsel to offer unfortunately being more skeptical than myself and heather so i it and tried to forget the incident . i had not entirely forgotten however when it was time for bed that night . i slept poorly waking often and listening for any but none came . nor did anyone visit the next night or the night after that . i had begun to think it was a freak occurrence or trick of my imagination when on the fourth night hence i awoke once again in a cold sweat . clumsily stripping off my soiled clothes i was about to fall back under when there was a knock at the door . this time it was than the first so i t sure i had it when it came again unmistakably at the front door which stood a mere ten from my side of the queen sized oak bed . again heather and were and continued to sleep peacefully . not wanting to confirm my worst i was an extra pillow over my head when i what like faint crying . it like a woman a young woman who was unfathomably sad . morose even . i was with sympathy but t dare leave the bed . i lay there listening to her soft weeping petrified and for what must have been a good twenty or thirty before the tapered off . my assumption was confirmed when i a female voice say something in a language that i had never before . it was beautiful and melodic and me of the few of that i had from a guest lecturer in a class on indigenous use of fire back in college . i did not hear her leave but when i finally the courage to check the window the sky had begun to lighten and there was no one to be seen . similar continued sporadically every few days for about two . occasionally they would speak to me or to whomever they thought i was but usually they would just knock a few times and be gone . oddly they never to bother heather or so i eventually stopped talking about them at all . i figured this was for the best as i heather was excitable when it came to the supernatural . she was always trying to get me to accompany her to or play with her antique board . i was thankful that she t brought that accursed thing here i t want to know what she might inadvertently open with her innocent . plus like i said the or or whatever they were rarely had anything interesting to say . they usually just if anyone was home and left when i to respond . it t until mid that i felt truly afraid to be in my own home . as usual i woke up damp . sighing and grumbling i rolled out of bed and went to change clothes when a loud noise made me jump . one of the was at the door as but this time was different . whoever it was they were . they were pounding on that ancient cedar door enough to make me fearful that its tenuous latch might give . i froze . hey open up this door ! it . too afraid to move i just you my boy you bastard open up ! i could feel its searching the room . i made a break for the bed a mistake . the pounding i see you in there ! come out and face me you greasy coward ! you cain t hide behind the law no more huh ? ! he by the voice continued on that door and hurling at me for what felt like an hour or so . how heather and continued to sleep peacefully i will never know but i t really question of that nature any more . finally the noise stopped and i had to look to make sure it was really gone . i replay this moment in my head pretty often since the incident . i was smart enough to know better why the did i look ? ? i crept on all to the door and slowly stood until my were level with the bottom of the lace window it . slowly i the frayed corner to reveal nothing . and i mean nothing . it t just an absence of light it was like i was looking into a void of space and time itself . to say that i saw blackness t even come close to that incomprehensible expanse into which i now . my jaw and i backwards tearing the aged doily from its rod and leaving me with the full picture of the horror on my front porch . there stood the silhouette of a man with age and poor health staring at me . of course there were no to speak of but i knew that they were locked with mine . he was observing me my fear my very soul was on display to that thing . the shape slightly you must be his boy huh ? i could feel his malevolent grin hot on my face . well i be ya . he with sickening pleasure . then i was alone . i sat there on the floor a new coat of sweat cooling my skin the strength to get back into bed until sunrise . heather immediately knew something was up and she excitedly me for the . what could i do ? i to tell somebody and i knew she would believe me . unfortunately i also knew that my relation of the event would incite no caution in her . holy dude that s so cool ! i can t believe it ! it s so unfair that you get to see them ! i tried my best to convey the seriousness of the situation with a glance i knew my would be useless but my solemn stare was equally ineffective . she told me she was going to start up late in order to experience these that i was so lucky to be tormented by . i knew there was no point in trying to dissuade her from her course but i had to try . i confess that i her a bit . i would stay up with her offering liquor and pot while we watched until she would succumb to sleep . my plan worked for a while whenever the mood struck her i would be there to ensure her inability to contact the spectral world into which i had . but then i was away . my crew to mark a distant stand of that had been by a recent fire and we would be forced to camp out to make the endeavor more efficient . i was if i her heather might not try to stay up but if i said nothing she might not even think to try . i for the latter and as with so many that we make i wish i could have this one back . marking a forest that burned does not require much thought . as i the caustic paint onto the that had once been my with heather and the evil that were surely them . the four day trip to take . could tell something was wrong but i to explain my apprehension . in my stress brain telling him was tantamount to giving the corporeal form . as it was they only in my mind maybe that would be enough to save the woman i . when we were finally on the dirt road back to civilization my fear only mounted . i watched my phone for the entire four hour drive until a single bar in the upper left corner . immediately i heather and was directly connected with her . hearing her voice my a bit but i continued to call with no success until i was forced to conclude that she must have been on a hike . service was spotty in the surrounding our home and she must have simply been taking on a stroll . i did my best to convince myself of this lest i start shaking and crying in front of my crew . when the battered work trucks finally into the motel parking lot i to my own truck shouting a hurried over my shoulder to my . i my gear in the bed and tore out of the lot heedless to the evil stare of the motel owner . i flew recklessly along the twenty of highway that myself from my beloved passing logging trucks with utter disregard for my own safety and that of other . i t care . i gravel behind me as i came up the driveway . the and throwing the car into park before i leapt from the cab and ran to the front door . i with every ounce of my being that i would find it locked . stopping on the porch i took a deep breath and tried the handle . the door swung open with a sickening ease and malevolent creak and my heart sank . the place was empty . it t a large house by any so i t feel the need to search for her . maybe she just forgot to lock the door or left it open intentionally because she knew i would be . i forced myself to say . i about fifteen before i . it s kelly i cut him off . i think something to heather . it took him a few to reply i him excuse himself from something . what do you mean ? what kind of thing ? there was mild tension in his voice . i everything . from my first visitor to heather s interest in the supernatural to my current . he discontentedly on i come up . call the sheriff not the highway patrol . he hung up . i sat down hard on the porch . a cool drizzle brought me out of my trance and i up the number for the sheriff s office . i told him that my was missing i t know for how long . he uninterested until i that had told me to call him . a strange sympathetic coldness could be in his voice when he told me he would be there in a few . when his old bronco up the drive i rushed out to meet him . he was a textbook small town sheriff complete with a gut gnarled and silver on his round tan face . i at the polished star on his shirt as we spoke unable to meet his aviator shrouded . i felt stupid telling him about the supernatural of the story at first but when he t react with apparent skepticism i continued until all had been said . he let out a long sigh and the house wordlessly . dutifully he the small home where my happiness had lived and . of course there was no trace of heather but at least we found under the bed with her face buried under her hind . i was able to coax her out of her corner eventually but the loving and playful puppy that i had said to four days was gone . she had born witness something that truly her and i could hardly stand to see her in such a state . with nothing else to do the sheriff left to file his report . he told me to expect his call in the days to come but not to get my up . i lay there holding my s dog and staring at the door until i s car outside . i slowly strode out to meet him our each other s gloom . the callous mountain man awkwardly me and as much as i wished to cry i found myself too numb to do so . he to come inside which i obliged and we sat ourselves at the kitchen table . i him a glass of rotgut whiskey which he accepted politely . i filled two glasses mine it and brought them over to the table . setting them down i decided to bring the bottle as well . i don t remember much of our conversation but i remember his tone as he to me that i t be seeing my ever again in this life or the next . he was clearly sad but it t clear to me if it was out of sympathy or something . my mind and i pictured him as a young man sneaking into his guest house with a high school sweetheart and waking to find her gone . i back into the conversation wherein he told me he d give me back this month s rent and that it was probably best if i left as quickly as possible . when he got up to leave he somberly me that it was probably best for me to be the one to call heather s father . i wordlessly with him to the door him for what i don t know and watched him drive away . i knew i had to call her dad that night but that t stop me from off the bourbon before doing so . i was steaming drunk when he picked up the phone and i what was to come . hello ? ? his goofy voice rang in my ear . ? kelly heather . my voice broke and i was ashamed at my insobriety as i drunkenly through some explanation about his only daughter vanishing from the world of the living . there was a long silence before he spoke again . . was all he said before hanging up . i thought . i had no idea what he was thinking . he t been of me since heather and i had a big fight that in him driving up from la to the bay to console her . he probably i did it . . i t really care though about my fate or about anything save maybe . even still i could scarcely look at the dog without tearing up and she t seem all too with me either . i some of my into trash and piled them by the door . mercifully the combination of whiskey days of anxiety and intense grief proved a potent sleeping concoction and it t until late that night that i awoke sweaty and cold and still drunk . there was a knock at the door and i to my . there she was my sweet beautiful heather even if i t truly see her in that outline . i knew it was her . hey babe she . hey were streaming down my sleepy face now . i to open the door but she stopped me . don t . she said tersely yet tenderly . and then in a melancholy voice it s cold here . i t . we went on to have the conversation that countless and would have probably been envious of . i told her i her and would never love again . she of course told me this was ridiculous and that she me to be happy and live a long life that she could be of . then we cried until the sun came up and i found myself alone and . i threw the trash in the bed of my truck locked the door scooped up and left that forsaken charming little house . i went to stay with my grandmother back in and got a job spinning out . i t talk much . eventually came up to accuse me of killing his daughter and to reclaim her dog i accepted both with little hesitation . this proved to be a stupid move made out of nihilistic apathy as it in me being by that pi that me until very recently . they never found anything of course . and the criminal investigation even less my alibi being irrefutable . so i continued my meaningless existence until one day i could bear it no longer . i and told him that i had business i to attend in the area . i if i could stay one more night in that old guest house of his . despite my best attempt to sound and chipper i knew he saw right through my thin ruse . with audible reluctance he obliged . i m heading up there tomorrow for what will be my last long drive and last night of restless sleep . tomorrow night i will wake in a cold sweat place my hand on the antique knob and open the door . it was about one in the morning when i got a phone call from my son . i loudly and picked up the landline . my son was a bit of an in a way . he to tease and make fun of me but i understood . i also understood his college as well it s not like i was the most well person in my college . hello jack . i said as warmly as i could possibly could . his line busy it like he was in a crowded area or a party . it made sense i that college for days dad ! he . i t expect him to be so loud and i at the volume of his voice dad where are you ? he . he was his and t seem to realize that he was shouting . at . . . home ? i . my dog bear woke up at the sound of my voice . i the of her come down the hallway from my bedroom to the kitchen . jack is there something wrong ? t you hear ? my friend there s a big thunderstorm coming tonight ! he dad you literally only have a dog what if you die ? i to myself at least he about his family . he was sweet in that sort of way . are you drunk ? i laughing softly . bear locked my hand as she over to her water bowl . yeah kind of . he seemingly embarrassed . get one of your to drive you back to the . it s late . i said yawning in the middle of my sentence . huh ? jack and before i could answer he a and hung up . i again and bear at me . i sometimes wished i was a dog like her she t have to deal with step on the phone . i watched her as she and around before i saw her go to the sliding glass door . she a little bit and i . i was already awake so it would be fine for her to romp around in the for a little bit . she was an energetic dog to begin with . i unlocked the door and slid it open and she immediately burst into the . i had a pretty large mostly because i lived in a pretty secluded house . there was just bare for around her . bear did her usual thing running around sniffing the ground before she barking . loudly . it t her playful but a much more aggressive one . i tried to ignore it maybe she saw a squirrel or something . i a small clap of thunder and bear even . huh i said with a small note of amusement jack was right . i probably stood there for another few when i felt a few water land on my head . here it was it was best for me and bear to just head inside . i bear back in but she t even move a muscle . instead she was sniffing something on the ground . odd i thought bear was a ferociously obedient dog she knew what command i was giving even before i gave it . i stepped off the deck and over to where she was to possibly see what was her so much . bear what i cut myself off when i saw what bear was sniffing . it was a baby bird dead on the ground . i at the sight but at bear s collar to make her move away . i felt the tension in her body when i touched her and a low growl was starting in the bottom of her throat . bear . let s go ! i said than my usual voice . she was not going to make me stay out here and get soaked in the rain . bear finally at me her perking up and she to have snapped out of her stupor . she ran over to the deck and inside the house . i t want to pick up the bird but i covered it with a nearby leaf just in respect . i to walk towards the house when i saw something fall right in front of me two away . curious and a bit nervous i took a closer look and saw that it was another bird . dead . i it around with my shoe but it t move it was very dead . did it die on impact ? i t tell but i was out . i picked up my pace and to the deck shutting the sliding glass door when i got inside the house . bear was waiting for me as happy as day . suddenly a thud . something hit sliding glass door . i outside and saw the body of a bird on the outside of the door . bear to growl again but i rubbed her head to quiet her down . i was wondering whether to open the door and take a look at the thing when i another thud . again it was a bird . was this the storm jack was talking about ? i for a few as still as stone when a crow into the door again . blood was at each spot the into and the slowly down the glass . i quickly jack s number . i got his so i again . he t up . i at the window again and i when another animal into the door . this one was huge . i at the ground where it fell it was a hawk . there were now in the glass . bear come on . i said gently trying to urge her to follow me . i to just stay in my bedroom till this or call animal control or something . bear me but her were set back . she was frightened . i my phone book and headed to the bedroom bear in tow . bang this was than any bird . i froze put bear and the phone in my bedroom and quietly over to where the sound came from the front door . i carefully out the side window by the door and to my horror i saw a deer . the deer it was female and it was smashing its head against the door . i could only see the whites of its as the deer its skull against my house . with the little light i had i saw blood trickling down its head . it t even seem to care that it was crushing its brain it kept on pounding against my door again and again . it t make a sound or nothing that i of . after three it to slow down and the pounding got quieter . i caught sight of a male deer coming up to the door it was stumbling and walking awkwardly as if it t have control over its own body . the rain was a heavy downpour and lightning struck at that exact moment to see the buck s were of white as well . a crash came from the back sliding glass door . the house was small enough for me to see what quickly . a hawk glass stuck in its body on the kitchen floor blood with its very movement . it to have deadly interest in me . even if it had of glass in its skull it to me its rolled into the back of its head as it to bite me . i back and it let out the most horrendous screech i ever in my life . it stopped moving after it and blood to pool quickly around its body . i at the broken door and saw more flying towards it calling that same bloodcurdling shriek . my heart was pounding so loud that i t hear anything else . i just ran to my bedroom and locked the door . bear was under the bed pawing at her head as if she had an itch . i tried to reach for her but she at me and i instinctively . she to have trouble hearing and she was shaking her head repeatedly . bear t like this . i t understand what was even happening . with all the with bear i just over to the connected bathroom and locked myself inside . i feel awful now my dog like that but i . . . i don t know . . . she really t want to move and i t get her out from under the bed . i just in the bathroom the against my . i t know what the hell was happening but i more and more breaking in the house . there was a small window in the bathroom and i decided to take a peek outside . were flying towards my house along with another long line of from the darkness of my . then something else caught my eye . it was lagging behind the . i t make out exactly what it was till it got closer . it was coming for the window i was looking out of . it was slow and its movement were sluggish and unstable . i it had a very humanoid appearance it was standing on two and it to have two arms . the skin to been back and i could see the thing s as clear as day . its mouth was gaping open and i could see a row of human like teeth except they were all yellow black and chipped . if i could make a guess it to be eight feel tall and as slim as a stick . it was heading for me and i that the in the bathroom were on . i let out a slew of and ran to switch off the bathroom light . i in the corner where it t see me and i with fear . its were heavy i could feel the of its from the ground . after a few the stopped and i nearly let out a sigh of relief before a tapping was at the window . i t dare look up but i heavy breathing and it scratching at the window . hello ? the voice was deep gravelly and terrifying . my breath caught in my throat . i m . . . i want something . . . to eat . . . it it had the tone of an impatient child . i to every god i known that the thing would just leave me alone . or that i was . is someone . . . here . . . ? it holding out its with despair . i can t take . . . it . . . i m . . . i curled myself up into a ball . i could nearly feel falling from my . i just this to be over . i just this thing to leave me alone . i t make a single sound i t make a squeak . you re . . . you re so tasty . . . it clawed at the window . it t bother breaking the glass i just its drag up and down up and down . i covered my mouth with a hand so it t hear my breathing . after ten i it fiddling with the of the window as if it was trying to find a lock to open it . nobody else can have you . . . nobody else saw you . . . only me . the thing said its tone getting more excited as it continued to mess with the window . a crack it broke a piece of the frame . it let out a groan it like it was in total glee . the thing to knock on the glass the pounding growing and . oh god . the thing was going to find me . i felt a few fall down my . i still to make a single sound as the window to seem like it was more and more likely to break . your . . . were so hard to open . . . this is better . hopefully . . . i don t have to search your house for long . . . it still t know i was there . it still t hear me . suddenly bear barking and scratching the outside of the bathroom door . i in the will to scream at my dog to shut up but it was too late . that thing had it . oh . it . it disappointed to hear bear . only a dog . the pounding and the scratching stopped from the window but bear continued to bark . he s not . . . home . . . ? where is he . . . ? the thing said in a slightly tone . . . i can t . . . no one him . . . ? i can t see him . i t even take a breath in the next minute as the thing stayed there motionless . a . . . shame . to recede and bear stopped barking . i t hear anything except my heart pounding so unbelievably loudly . i stayed in that bathroom for the entire night not moving from that corner . i eventually fell asleep after a few . when i woke up i carefully unlocked the bathroom door and outside . bear was asleep on my bed but she woke up when she saw me . her tail and she ran over to me to greet me . i haphazardly petted her head for a second before stumbling to the bedroom door and looking outside . i a mess with all the and that i in the bathroom but everything was . . . fine . bear was following me but to the glass in the sunlight that shone through . it t broken like i saw it it the same as normal . there t any dead there t a hawk there t any . was everything a dream ? there was no chaos no nothing till i my phone from the bedroom and checked to see that jack had me at am . i decided to call him back . he picked up right away . jack ? i leaning against the kitchen counter . bear was impatiently waiting for breakfast but i to get through my call first . my were still a little on the so i must panicked . dad ? jack . he groggy as of a this size . how re you doing ? i finally giving in to bear s pleading for some food . i over for the kibble that was in the cabinet my hand shaking . i m good . are you ? you re acting weird . i m fine i reassured him it s just a few decided to go crazy and mess up the house i guess . i said . yeah that jack s voice was cut off . i at my phone confused even more so when i saw that i had no signal . bear to growl again and t stop when i petted her or when i put her food down . she was just staring out the glass door . i tried to see what she was looking at and spotted a deer standing right in the middle of the yard not moving . it was just . . staring at us . i t see it that well but i did realize in a few that the whites of its were the only visible . my fear got the best of me . the of the previous night came rushing into my head and in an instant i bear my wallet my and my phone . we headed to the car and i just drove . i t care i was driving for my life . i been on the road for a while and i m mostly in a hotel till i learn what to do with the house . i just know that i m never stepping foot in there again . i d seen the ad for the game a few times before . it was one of those manipulative puzzle like where this character is trapped in a room that s filling with water and there s you can move to either let them out or let even more in . xb for this game it was always a cute anime girl . the room would fill with water and she d scream and whimper . they d even had a voice actress saying like no please ! no ! in a quaking voice on the edge of . the puzzle room naturally had a number of different too . a shark behind one sliding bar magma behind another and beneath the ad there was text that read xb can you save your ? xb it was by the name of the in a bold word art type font . xb ultimate hero ! rescue ! xb i d skip the ad each time because i knew that those of always lied . they either t include the they d or they were such a small part of the game that it hardly . it was a shame because the admittedly did look like they d be fun . if there was a game out there that had just been those i probably would it for a few before i inevitably got and went back to doom or the or whatever game had currently my attention while i stayed at home during this pandemic . xb i think it was the pandemic that ultimately made me start thinking about actually getting the though . obviously something had me in their marketing . as a guy in his mid i was in their target demographic . plus i d probably a site that had left with the strange notion that i might be the sort of guy who was interested in anime girl . xb while i still worked from home i watched as the pandemic outside got worse and worse . i t dismiss the severity of it . people were dying by the and i d wisely to stay inside and keep myself safe . my office told us we t be back until after they d back their may and june . as much as i the stability of being in the office i if would be soon enough for this all to blow over . xb even if it was for the sake of social though . in my apartment was boring as . video are great and all don t get me wrong . but there s only so many times you can slaughter the icon of sin or listen to the speak in their bizarre gibberish language before it boring . i more ! xb i d bought a few other i t much feel like since they d involve me getting out of bed and come late may i d fallen into the trap of mobile . i d dug up angry and cut the rope and both of them were filled with the same familiar ad with the screaming anime in the flooding room . xb so i . i thought it let s see what this is about and i on the ad . xb there were red as soon as it brought me to the landing page . it t in the play store . no this ad took me to its own . the name of the was proudly displayed at the top of the page xb ultimate hero ! rescue ! xb the look of the site was extremely . it me of those old mid s . bright colors lots of anime with big doll who more like than people and who had that took up enough body mass to snap the spine of any real human being . whoever designed it to not be completely at least . they d put the to now ! right at the top of the page . it was in a bright neon green font that obnoxious . i off on it right away to scroll down a bit . there were that i assumed were from the each of them showing off more just like i d seen in the . xb rescue beautiful from peril ! read the text beside one of the and beneath that i saw be a hero ! xb there were no or anything . just and . it all a bit lazy . i got the impression that whoever had made this had no idea what they were doing . i can t say it all that malicious though and the t cost anything . now i was in my curiosity and i figured it t really cause any harm to check it out . no maybe it t the best idea i d ever had . but i was lonely stuck at home and if i m being entirely honest as weird as i thought the big eyed anime were they were cute . i scrolled back up to the top of the page and hit the button . xb immediately i saw the icon appear at the top of my phone . it brought up a notification about how the was third party and if i was sure i to it but i just hit without a second thought . xb the icon on my a few later . it was a little picture of a big eyed anime girl with short purple hair in a white bikini looking anxiously at me . without much of a second thought i the . the screen went black for a moment . i almost thought the thing had my phone ! there was a momentary surge of panic before the title screen came up with one option on a brick background with a sad anime girl sitting against it . there was no music or sound . just the screen . ultimate hero ! rescue ! play ! xb obviously i hit play first . the screen went dark again for a moment before another anime girl on the screen . she had big blue and long blonde hair . the name over her . the game and i saw standing in a rectangular cell . true to the ad it to fill with water . above her there was a sliding bar with on the bottom . on one wall there was another bar with a broken wire behind it . i figured if the wire touched the water it would electrocute . there was also a ladder in the room with the wire . xb i at the puzzle for a moment before i slid the bar to open up the way to the wire . the water was rising and i watched the screen as up to where the bar was . the camera me see more water on the ladder above her . it was by two . one would dump the water onto her . the other would send it back into the main chamber from before . i the second bar to drain the water into the main chamber . then i the other bar . xb that said i the other bar too soon . some of the water down onto and touched the wire . she as she was not a little scream either . this scream very very real . the sheer agony of it sent a chill through me . the screen went black again before i got a notification . xb . try again ? xb there was a simple yes or no beneath that and i picked yes . again the screen went black . another woman on the screen . this one t . this girl had dark skin and short hair . her name was betty . xb the puzzle was different this time . betty was in a labyrinthian hallway . one bar at the top would flood it with water another one would release an angry dog . i for a moment before i the bar to flood the hall . betty ran underneath the water and as it rose she up where another hallway for her . xb i watched as betty down it . i did notice that there was a sliding bar above her that would have blocked her progress down the hall but it as if it was already open . i at it but i t touch it . that was a mistake . xb another dog down the hallway at top speed and hit betty head on . again there was a scream this one was different to the one i d last time but it was just as chilling . again the screen went black and text . xb betty . your are dead . new in xb i at the screen watching as the timer ticked down from . as if it only gave me two before it made me wait for new . i closed out of the under my breath . i was a little by the unforgiving nature of the but i d be lying if i said it t gotten me a little hooked . now i to beat it simply to prove that i could ! for new was but i figured i could find a premium version or some sort of pack . i checked the site again but i found nothing . there was just the landing page and nothing else . i gave up after that went on and watched some and i admittedly forgot about the game pretty quickly after that . xb when i checked in on the game again a few days later i found that i had two new . and . xb the were the same as before . was in the one had been in while had been in the one betty had been in . i did get a little bit farther with the this time . i got past the point where had and into another water puzzle . i it up early on though and trapped her in a chamber that was filling with water so she . xb on the other hand i got a lot farther with . i slid the bar down to trap the dog before it her and further into the puzzle before she to a pitfall trap . i t seen the bar you were supposed to slide under the floor to make it stable enough to walk on . xb i made it a little further with each girl after that . the odd little mechanic and its long wait time to give me new was but there was this competitive aspect to it . i to beat the just to prove i was smart enough ! sure there was no one to really brag to and nothing to actually prove but i guess i just t leave the challenge unfulfilled . i d wait a day try my two in their and usually i d get a little bit farther each time . some i got stuck on but none of them were that difficult . they were just tricky and on you t see . it did get a little as time went on though . xb i d lost about six in one puzzle room at a part where you to fill a cistern with water so you could float to the top of it . the sliding t let in water directly . i to send the in to turn the water on . there was almost always a threat behind them though and it like the location of the threat every time the game reset . the girl i had at that point was she had long dark hair and pale skin . i d one of the and she d been rushed by a dog . i got the same old black game over screen along with the text i d come to dread . xb . your are dead . new in xb i swore under my breath and closed out of the . i d already checked looking for an or something to help me figure out how the hell to beat that level but i d found absolutely nothing . xb whoever that game they t have much of a web presence . i m not going to lie it made me want to keep even less . i thought about it for all of five before i figured that the could just go and get . i was going to delete it . when i tried though there was no option to delete it . you know how when you delete you can t delete some essential like the store or the random your provider on your phone that you never ever look at ? this was like one of the latter . there was no way to take it off . xb i figured i d need to root around in the file on my phone to find the and delete it there but that like more work than i was willing to put in at the moment . instead i made a note that i d get rid of it when i had the chance took the off my and went to do something else . i that stupid out of my mind and told myself i d delete it later . then i forgot about it completely for a few days at least . xb it was a couple of days before i getting from the . like xb beth and your new are trapped and ! rescue them now ! xb i disabled but it t seem to help . i did try and poke through my to delete it but i t find where the actually lived and i t sure i to do a factory reset my phone just yet . not over that stupid ! i did try and ignore it while i for a way to get rid of it but that stopped after i saw on . xb i suppose i should admit that her name t actually . i won t tell you her real name nor will i tell you where i live or any of the other i learned . i think that s best for the people investigating what and the of the . they deserve their privacy and i know the is full of . xb had been on the local news a survivor who d some sort of underground death trap . she said she d been by that or closed to help her . she said she d seen down in whatever dungeon she d been in the of less successful who d tried to escape . xb had been close to an exit trying to flood a cistern in order to get out when she d been by a dog . that had been where i d gotten a game over was made of stuff though . she d to defend herself . she d the dog and even without my input she d to climb out of the cistern and get to safety . she d been picked up on the side of the road outside of town . xb there d been a police investigation that had discovered two underground filled with . in total . not all of them had been but the that had had i . betty all from my game . . . all who d been homeless living in poverty or from far enough away that no one would think to look for them in our little town . they never found any beth or though . they t any other . hell if anything their investigation had ended up with more . xb according to the local news an officer had and two had been injured during the investigation . i don t know how but i can hazard a guess . i t hear anything about dogs or traps but i assume they found them . xb i stayed quiet . i t touch that . all the while the t stop . they did change though after a few instead of the usual call to rescue beth and i got a new notification . xb starved but it s not too late to save beth ! rescue her now ! xb with a trembling hand i picked up my phone . i the for the first time in what must have been over a month i was with a new in a new puzzle area . i tried to save her i really did xb the game reset again . there are two new anna and . i could keep . maybe this time i really will figure out the . but the thing is i don t think that s the point . not really . xb whoever made this whoever s responsible for this sick game they don t want to be beaten and i don t want to play ! i m going to the police . i m going to tell them everything i m going to show them the and maybe they be able to do more for those than i could . but before i go i want to get the word out . i want everyone to know what s out there as far as i know i was the only player of ultimate hero ! rescue ! now that i given up the bastard behind that is going to want someone new so keep an eye out . xb you been . i want you to know our story . so you don t repeat the same we did . so you stay safe everywhere you go . i start at the very beginning . of course . we sat at the usual round table in our dining hall . it ' s the one to the and also to the counter . the constant of plastic dragging over tiled talking among each other excitedly and of course the sound of metal on metal clanking with each other as the other at the counter it on the metal railing . it was a noisy time of our typical day at school . the number of at the academy by the year since it about four ago . my and i were one of the first to study there . we were there even before they put in the area . contrary to the name ivory beach is in the . if you drive past the lonely road further from the school you ' eventually arrive at a raw waterfall undisturbed by the of people . yet . now let me tell you something about being in an all school . first of all need to stick together . if you have a group of that are always together that ' s a gang and it s really helpful to have one . mine was black rose . we ' t mean anything by the name . we just thought it was a cool name edgy and dark even though we ' t or anything . second your gang is like your family . to betray them is like blood . there were six of us in our gang . celeste anna and myself . is the leader celeste and are the pretty . was the athlete while anna was the one . as for me i like to think of myself as the adopted introvert of the group . now the problem with is that there will be a lot of them up and sometimes they fight with each other . why do we use the term " gang ' ? it ' s exactly as you ' d think . we act like little of female going around the school certain as territory and what not . that ' s why the tried their best to abolish them . but it was a small thing hard to notice and they ' t even know how to deal with it anyway . " ! " the of the table seeing that i was staring a hole into my tray . tonight we had hard white rice with fish fried to beyond crispy that it ' s actually hard and a bit of runny soup with a side of a small green apple no bigger than half my fist . i t a big girl . " you see your future in there ah ? " she then at her own joke . the whole dining hall could hear her no one in a academy . we could be as not ladylike as we want . that was the part of school i guess . we could raise our and be as impolite as we want . there ' t any to look cute for anyway . that was our main excuse but eventually it just what we do . who about ? it ' s hot and we want the breeze to go through our without being cat . is that so wrong ? " . . . " celeste her spoiled whine . " i can ' t believe this is our final year here together . " she let out a groan as she her on the chair like a child throwing a tantrum . she ' s been talking about it since the school year and would always bring it up once in a while . she ' t talk about it all the time but it was plenty enough for us to be . this time though we all felt it . anna was the first to start pouting . " i know ! " she lightly the table . " i mean . . . we ' still see each other after this . but . . . it won t be the same at all la . . . oh my god . " " i just can ' t with you two . mellow down will you ? hish . " was the athletic one . she ' t compare to but in this school everyone was the least bit athletic and was just a bit above that . " dah dah . stop it . " got up she ' d finished eating her dinner and was going to put the back . the familiar sound of water pouring out from a hose at the back told them they were late . they ' already to clean the used and in a few . our teacher and warden was going to come in and shoo us all out to make us go do our night . oh another thing about is that there ' s this magical bond between all of us that our sync up and get our at almost the same time every month . today five of us had our leaving out . she ' probably get hers by tomorrow . the school compound was huge but only a little of it was the school building and even less was illuminated at night . we took the long way around to class the main reason because we just ' t want to get to class sooner . but the long way was soon to be basketball and badminton were still just gravel and piles of cement that s been sitting there for the better part of the year . there ' t any street to light up the tarred road so on the walk we pass by the pavilion at the junction between the field and the side gate to the school that was right next to the water tank just barely able to make out the silhouette of the pavilion in front of the crimson sky slowly fading to a dark violet . we were the first batch of to walk around the area like that oblivious to what was in the dark . after passing the pavilion we would meet a roundabout left you to the main school gate right towards our and going straight would lead us to the school hall and also our . don t you think it s a bit scary here right now . spooky like . anna . rolled her . of course it is . she said . did you hear the story about the at the roundabout ? i thought the pavilion was with the ghost family . no that s the water tank . we ghost and our school was home to quite a few . though we did love them i was more of the cat . can we not talk about it here ? i spoke we were just passing one of the in school and the were all talking about . let s talk about it somewhere else can t we ? i said while i linked with . she . right stop it . spoke with a commanding tone . if anything here we re going to get in trouble . we don t want to give the any . yeah we tell them where we re going and to meet us in class a . though she in the supernatural as much as any of us she was more daring . with everyone doing their together no one gone to class yet . the pitch black of the academic were daunting to say the least look at it too long and you start seeing shadow people walking there . who s going to switch on the ? celeste . let s just go in together . it s nothing . said walking in front while the in as she switched on the . the fluorescent alive illuminating the one class we were in and leaving all the still black . in a second all the in class were gone but i d be honest we never sit next to the because the dark was suffocating and endless beyond there . so we around each other in the middle of class . it was who it . tomorrow everyone is going to leave the school . true . the last day of school was today but we were because we had our national to do . we re going to have the school all to ourselves . i want us to only wear all the time even when we re out of our . . oh my god i always to do that . deal . everyone agreed . i want us to climb up one of the water and look at the view before we graduate . celeste spoke . i cocked my head . t that place hard ? hard was our term for because we t want to say the word . . we go during the day . she said confident . they can t do anything to us . the table in excitement . jap jap . wait . she said . save that for our last day . we dress up and everything . deal . everyone agreed . final paper woohoo ! eh calm down . anna spoke up . we haven t even gone through our first paper yet . we had nine in total . the general five and the additional four because we took science . my gang and i sound like we re very different people hanging out together . the was one thing we all in common . we were desperate for straight a and that we all to become . that was the dream and we were the dream team . another thing you should note is that we re not the there . fast forward to two later when we were all done with our general and we were all in out in class again this time skipping night just because we could . we were all in the same spot every night but tonight was especially un . the general were unforgiving to say . in each paper one of us to melt down . her out in history t hold her stomach in celeste melted down crying in i myself cried in religious . as for anna and they had their own of less concerning . we all sat in silence the of the outside watched us close . maybe there t any but it sure felt like they were there . tonight especially . i the talking . anna said . this is bad i m . there were in her . what ? what did they say ? holding anna s shoulder . did they say her silence envelop us for the last time . we all did not want to hear it . but we had to . they said the will be difficult . all of it . i don t know if we can even make it . i just i can t . we can t make it ! anna the of us was breaking down . we studied but we won t be able to answer ! you want to try something ? . what ? anna stopped sobbing her boring into as she took out an old coin . it was once of those that they stopped after the change in currency . a coin . the coin on the table right in the middle of our little circle . i t see where we were going with this at first but i slowly what she was talking about . let s play spirit of the coin . what are you talking about ? oh come on . she again . we play for fun . release stress . but if it works lucky us . raised an eyebrow . are you sure ? she . yeah . i found an old the other day and i think it be perfect . . you try it ? silence i around feeling that we were being watched or more like worrying for it . something like this in a place like this t something to be with . the outside out class felt like they were ever . if it t for the working just fine i felt like they could rush in any moment . around too . then she . i mean if you are with it . she . why not ? we re just fun . if not now when right ? we . if not now when ? i mean i always to try it . in that movie right ? what was it again ? let s do it tonight ! said . tonight behind the . let s do it before we change our . i felt sick . not that my stomach was anything but we never done anything like it before . at least i haven t . and i was afraid . what was out there ? the never gave good either . but we still did it . it was twelve midnight that very night when came to me telling me it was time . i put down the book i was with face down on my bed while i at all the other in my dorm room . some were fast asleep some were still . some just chatting with talking about or the latest movie they saw . i them without a word leading me . each dorm we the noise to get quieter and quieter . down the and next to the clothes were a clearing . the from the room washed away at our softly . the dim glow was enough for us to stay hidden and see our makeshift board . everyone was there the whole gang . the in her hand the coin in another . brought her knife . we sat in a circle . to the left of celeste anna me and . to cut her finger the knife the trickle of red forming on it black in the . she the knife to who did the same and it on . when it came to my turn my shook at the bloody knife . our blood was on it looking like it was just some kind of blackness . looking at the other who in turn at me expectantly i pricked my finger at the tip . a bead of blood formed right away thick and . let s do this . breathed out her finger on the coin as she gave the a look to follow in her lead . she spitting out of i don t want to repeat for my own safety . i watched as her otherwise elegant face twisted in the . that was my friend but at that moment she hideous . silence fell on us . anna and celeste almost out because of the wait . i t say anything . i out yes but my blood was already on the coin . and i had this sick feeling that the six of us t the only there at the time . anna shook her head . this t working la . we d better go to bed or study or something . celeste almost talking her finger away from the coin . i almost agreed to do the same . it felt wrong to be there and the cold been giving my skin goose but let s not even mention the . those damn would always be there in a place like that . it was a grass clearing behind of a building after all . dah . said . jap . just wait a bit more . she then us . celeste . is it really going to work though ? she again . like she was going to shut her up but the sudden movement in the coin shut everyone up . we both at the coin disbelief . i for one was that i t know what to do . i remember laughing that it was finally working . i to be the one and say someone was moving the coin . but i knew my well enough that i m confident none of them would have the to pull something like that . will you help us ? yes . the dragging of the coin against the surface of the t pleasant . it in a way that would make my feel like something terrible was about to happen but not enough that it actually hurt my hearing . i remember telling it something like retrieve our and something along the of that . i was too on the coin to really listen to her . in awe i felt like there was this hypnotic therapy to the coin moving all our on it bonded by our own blood as it our from one place to another . the coin along the board slowly but it was definitely moving . yes . again . like someone who was finally anna cried thank you over and over again . see anna . . everything s fine . we were told to bring something valuable to us . i brought a picture of my late mother . small rectangular and my late mother in her early looking straight at the camera . it used to be in my purse all the time . i guess that tonight . each girl put down an item of their own and if it was going to accept our . no . i could feel the blood try to run away from my body from my face . my heart beat to get faster . if there was one thing i to do at that point it was to run away as fast as i could . i t care . but i stayed . the night air felt chilly nipping our skin just as much as the were . but we t going to back off . i knew from the look on s face that we were going to stay fighting with this thing . to her it was merely a battle of . and was the most of us . i her click her tongue . let s try again . she said before saying good bye to the board . no . no i t help but want to cry . my vision was getting blurry trying to hide the fact that i desperately out of this . what now ? i praying in my heart that they just give up . the coin again . this time going to the . n y a w a . it . it s the word for life . it our . no ! . then the coin to . . this is ridiculous . i know this t work . she said . let s just go study more . it s the best we could do right now anyway . t going to help us huh ? celeste got up following . everyone left first . the only left were and myself . my feel felt like it was frozen in time . we both just staring at the board with the bloody coin . i brought my shaky hand to the front of my face looking at the place i jabbed . the wound stung my blood looking black and dirty as i applied pressure to it with my other hand it . you should go . and i . i left her alone . i find somewhere to put all of this . we decided to forget about it but unfortunately it t forget about us . the next day each of us kept finding our even the we already . is this some kind of sick prank ? . but who can imitate our writing like this ? celeste looking at the on her bed . should we just ignore it ? do you think this something to do with last night ? i feeling like if i t bring it up i was going to mess up even more . her head . ! she . was in the shower . and shouting was the way to call her when they t want to walk . came in a few a paper in her hand telling us that she found it where she usually put her toiletry basket . did you find these too ? she her hair as she . all of us no other while went to the dorm room door around and then closed the door locking it from the inside . we need to talk about this . she . obviously it s related to last night . she said holding the . then correct it and put it back where you found it . she said . pretend nothing . if it s a prank then whatever . if it s real though good for us . say anna . t we say to it last night ? i agreed . these t happen right ? at me her were dark . always did have a temper issue along with her leadership but i was never subject to that since i was quiet most of the time . this time i t everyone was at risk right ? we everything that but i knew everyone was secretly making in the they got before them away . i could see them even when they were trying to hide it they t believe in it . we were all desperate for it me . it was like getting a second chance . it was a miracle . up until the last day after our final paper when we were going to climb up the water tank we t talk about the spirit of the coin ever again . we had fun we cried with our but we would always get a second chance when our would magically appear somewhere for us to find correct and then leave it at that . it would be gone the moment i took my off from mine and i assumed it was the same for everyone . are you all ready ? celeste wearing another layer of her lip gloss . let s go . she said her camera with her as we all towards the water tank . in the daylight it less scary less malicious . what could go wrong right ? it was the tragedy of a lifetime . celeste the camera and everyone tried to squeeze in for the picture . we we and we the stunning view . then the sun to set and the sky to turn a tint of and yellows and . we had to get another picture with that sky . it was our last chance anyway . alright alright la . one last picture . celeste said as the angled the camera again . then we have to go down before dark . we one last time and then we to descend the . celeste stood still for a minute to check on the picture . i remember hearing her scream and then something black my peripheral vision . before i knew what was happening there was a broken camera on the ground below me . above me celeste cried holding onto as she frantically to get them out of there quick urging me to go down faster . what ? i up the camera . did you accidentally drop this or something ? celeste was in . sure she s always been soft but she t frantic . this time she was . what ? shaking her to get her back to reality . her mascara made it look like she was crying out darkness . she shook her head panicked as she tried to get away from the water tank as soon as possible . i was left to pick up the while the other tried to comfort her . the memory card was still usable i hope but after her panic i decided to just slip it into my pocket for now . i know what i saw ? she cried . i saw something right there with us . everything broke . i said . i lied . i thumbed the little memory card in my . i think everything s broken . following celeste s breakdown we all our . our stay at ivory beach ended that day with celeste and making a few that we don t go back home until she gave us what she to . everyone but did the same . she had a family emergency but before she left she me aside . i need you to do something for me . she . i the board and coin along with everything we left there under the empty locker in my dorm room . it s the one to the balcony window and if anything at all i need you to go get it and bury it somewhere no one will ever find . i t get to respond . i only at her in disbelief before she left never to be seen again . celeste gave everyone talisman telling us no begging us to please wear it . wear it . please . she said . those were her last to everyone . everyone except . we about three before our came out . in those three no one each other . maybe they just t contact me but i did try to contact them the day before we got our at school . everyone that they d be there except . try as i might she never to me . she t answer my and my never her . it s a pity she on . she got great . it was the next day that i found out from one of the that she . her about a week after they left school . i m you t hear from them . the five of us the remainder of the black rose stood agape in the silence the school principal approaching herself to give her because she knew we were close . if you don t mind me . how did die ? i thinking back on the message that she told me right before she left . . her head down . well she all of us in the eye . she unfortunately up the water tank and fell . a gardener found her a few days later when he was tending the grass at the field . the woman pointed to the very same water tank we all up to . celeste burst out crying an utter fit or hysterical as she cursed herself . . tried to help but even she understood . to lose a close friend just when they just one lead in their . it was tragic . if you don t mind me did you know why she came back so soon ? i again her message nagging in my mind gnawing at my attention . all i could think of was her message to me . her final message . i mean school is supposed to be closed still kan ? the principal . she never coming here to anyone . not even her . do you know anything ? i shook my head . no . i don t know . i the talisman under my shirt . my at the mess we got into . call me a wuss but i in it even more so that jade was the only one that t get one . i left the behind rushing to the to get the . i t care that i was making a mess at this point the metal were heavy and i to lift it all by myself . just as i got it my phone rang . where are you ? celeste s voice rang into my . is acting weird . you need to come here . now ! what s happening ? i t want to know . she s i don t know . i her through the phone . she was probably running a bit away from the . i think she s possessed . you have to come back here please . i took a deep breath had hidden the board with everything thankfully in a black garbage bag . i went back to the hall to see being down by the whole gang except for celeste who was . three could barely manage . when i saw her face my heart almost stopped . her were swollen mouth curled in a way i never thought was humanly possible . blood ! blood ! she kept screaming . get me her blood ! the voice t s . it was something else . and i t want to know . in fear i up everything to the person in charge . . none of us thought this was going to happen . but it did . and none of us knew how bad the were when we did it . they a preacher in the end . i gave up the to him in feeling the sense of failure envelop me along with the endless sense of fear and doom . he read so many i t make out what he was actually saying and then we watched as he tried to banish the spirit from s body her form leaving mental in each of us i was sure of that . then we watched as he buried everything under a wild banana tree . it was the furthest tree in the teacher s quarters that had a cooling effect to it not that i knew much about spiritual but that was the excuse they gave . the day ended with us each getting straight a s and an extra pledge that we would never meet with each other and we would never come to the academy ever again for our own safety . again the black rose split . i ended up in a mental asylum where she broke down continuously talking about how she was . after her possession she was never herself . or maybe she was just continuously in fear . i had a few who worked there and they would tell me about her sometimes . it s been more than ten since then . finally to take her own life after trying to many times in the asylum . celeste and the all got into the medical me . it t a surprise all our were great even the were at first that is . until and they decided to shush up the whole thing from any sort of media . it was going to cost the school among other and they t going to do that . we were the first batch of and there was no way they would risk the school because of something stupid that we did . a few back i from anna . i saw her romance novel on the of a store once and bought it . she wrote a pen name but i knew it was her . amelia rose . amelia was anna s middle name . though she t mention anything about her schooling there were little that told us it was her . like how much technical she used in the romance novel and the many to the she in school . but the most obvious clue was how she acknowledged celeste rose for telling her to do she thought was pointless until it was inevitably proven true . this is the real second chance and not the one we thought was . i m writing about it today because i the memory card i got from celeste s camera . i left it in the box along with all my high school forgetting all about it after a tiring day of moving all my back home . the final image celeste took was something i immediately looking at . everyone was calm and happily taking . but at the very back where there should be nothing but air in the picture was something much much . black . black all over with gleaming that had no life in them looking at all of us as if it was looking like a fresh meal right on the table . my stood on end and i can t get it out of my mind now that i seen it . in case someone this i want them to know that today as i am writing my talisman cracked . if anything to me i want this story to reach the at my academy . never play spirit of the coin for any reason at all and never go near the groove of dark banana at the corner of the teacher s quarters . they re the banana that look dead grey and black never dying but also never living either . and never climb up the water tank at the corner of the field . the entire school is hard but you won t die from it if you re careful and behave yourselves . never challenge the you don t know . take care rose . i tapping each neatly and organized tool with my their on the table . exhilaration was rising in my chest and i felt my tremble as i went over the procedure in my head . taking a deep breath i my latex taut and smooth then rolling out a fine paper mesh on the flat bottom of excessively polished aluminum . i took another deep breath then a third my to a tight puncture as i breathed out self consciously . staring at the remains of the burnt book of ash laid out in an atmosphere glass box to my left i . there t a formula for this i to make an educated guess . i wished i had a bit more experience to back up my education . for a second that anxiety the pride that had marked me since the burnt book in the glass box had in my laboratory . but i knew that at this or any other crucial point a single misstep would lose the priceless information in the fire tome forever . pouring an oily layer of glycerin into a shaped measuring cup slowly diluted alcohol into it . biting my lip i stopped my mixture had the right for the delicate remains of the burned parchment . i measured a few of chloral hydrate into the mixture and it vigorously before it to coat the bottom of the square aluminum like water in a tub for soaking camera film . it sit for a second i stopped biting my long enough to don a surgical mask . breath could be destructive to the infinitely fragile of scorched paper . satisfied with the viscosity of my solution i twisted the latch and the glass case a fi hiss as the air conditioned atmosphere of the lab with the cargon nitrogen atmosphere of the case . the air was off now though and as i the lid of the case i it slowly careful not to cause a single draft . still moving slowly i the leather cover of the book revealing the underneath . with of paper mesh and wire finger one by one i them and slowly them into the liquid solution . they sunk slightly but stayed suspended i d gotten the mixture just right . i finally could breathe figuratively and literally . i took off my mask looking at the of history now safely in the softening fluid . that tingle of pride came back . this priceless artifact had been sent to me ! that a lot of trust and favor to a young nobody of a forensic like myself and the fact that i had perfectly the delicate process was going to be my first great accomplishment in the field . it would certainly secure me a mention in several high profile and assuming the content of the book was worth being written about . it was probably only a prayer book or hymnal but it had been to the rd century so had felt it was worth to read anyway . the timer on my phone . reaching over and turning the air back on i stood from my desk and returned to work . fixing a tripod over the aluminum i dimmed the of the lab and the infrared on . even and in the retaining fluid the remains of the were still burned . a regular camera t be able to read them but an infrared camera might pick up the iron in the ancient ink . i attached the camera to the tripod and . my progress on my computer i broadly . the invisible of light revealed and in . technology and my skilled had this information that had until now been lost . as i finished the last photograph i covered the liquid and to close the lab . the glow of the single monitor soon the only light in the sterile room and i sat at it an my . the printer beside me to life spitting out large of my on shiny paper . the first several that spit out slid neatly into their tray but a draft from the air caught one and flew it across the room carrying with it . i the printer and inwardly stood to turn off the . this had before i to move the printer away from that vent sometime . through the on the printer i tried to guess which had been blown out of the stack and which to reprint . again at my lack of success i across the room again to find the prodigal . crouching on the floor i picked one up and turned it right side up scanning the for a clue to its placement . i when i that the were not in but in . the book had been to the rd century of before was a commonly spoken or written language . the room it had been found in a burned out off room in one of the in had not been since the monastery s construction in the th century . even if the book s dating was wrong if the book was as old as the monastery it d still be half a century older than the in that had been discovered . i the page into the air catching the shine of the computer monitor so i could read better . my name is monk and these are my . i t an expert on ancient but the was much more modern than i had . why would a monk write in a old mostly book ? i cast my mind back to what i of the i had taken . most of the at the end of the book had been blank i had assumed that they were too burnt to be but maybe this was some type of generation diary or history ? i t of anything like that before . i read on in a moment i will burn this vile tome and end my own existence and all the portentous knowledge that oppressed me and the author of this evil thing will be lost forever . i call this writing my confession but in truth i have been a faithful monk and have only in my own . however this knowledge i hold now is of itself a sin for any man to know and some demonic law me to pen it down . it is alive in some unliving way and it to die it to be forgotten . however it is the duty of any pious man to fight the evil they encounter and though i may have as little hope of driving this knowledge from the cosmos as i do of driving the from by my own hand i must try . and thus once i have my horrible story and satisfied the injunction to do so from my own mind i will as i previously stated burn it and this god forsaken room and end my life so that i can never be forced by some betrayal in my own psyche to reveal what i have learned . i am a strong willed man and i will not fail . but i have long enough . my terrible story with my internment in the abbey at in the year of our lord . a venerable institution of recent times my welcome was warm if uncomfortable . the rough were not to one of my shorter stature and i was met with suspicion when i a needle and thread to retain it . apparently some here the writing on the page ended and i back to the printer through the stack for the continuation . it was a strange story and i was thoroughly . i at the unfinished on my and the clock ticking away past time . i should finish up i could take a copy of the book home for myself and read it in my apartment . but something made me linger and instead i sat down turning on a desk light to read better by . the had an odd appeal i could almost not help but continue the story and i had an desire to read out loud something i usually doing . the cast by the desk light were not comforting . after a moment of reflection i turned on the bathing the entire laboratory in cold tangibly real light . i continued with the next page . apparently some thief had his way into the abbey a month before my arrival and the in charge of the and trade had adopted a decidedly low view of for the time being . but i did procure the needle thread and with a knife i already had in my meager i my garment . as i worked i was when brother peter the monk with whom a room flung open our door with frightening force . brother peter was a strange but righteous fellow . his were sunken and his facial sharp so much so that one if they were really made of flesh or of something less malleable . at first i assumed that a sour disposition was to blame for the scowl that perpetually covered his but after observing that same look of vitriol on him in his sleep and after seeing the terrible visage he when actually angry i determined that that was his natural expression . he was known as of the most pious and was widely for the constant stream of he under his breath sometimes even in his sleep and for the worn robe which i he had never in his tenure and through which s his knobby and twisted poked . sometimes fresh could be on his arms and through the of the garment as well and though the order was against their themselves in penitence many still this act of apparent piety too . and indeed i have no doubt brother peter would have affected more praise in the heavenly than any pope . he could always be found working except when nature him to sleep . he our room which he to as his tribulation only for that purpose . the opinion in the abbey was that brother peter intended to purge himself entirely of sleep the last stronghold between him and a life in every second to the ministry . another tutor in the brother later told that this room was oft given to the most eccentric and pious of the abbey and that certain wary had i be roomed with brother peter in an attempt to clear me of the sin of being a newcomer by holy osmosis . when still later i to feel in myself i brother if the room was indeed given to the most eccentric or if perhaps the eccentricity came later . he with silence as if i had made a connection that he had to in his own mind . when i had been shown into this room on my first day brother peter had all the furniture to the right side and drawn a line of chalk down the middle . at first i that this was to provide me with my own half of the room but when he me to stay in a corner on the right side of the room with him i reluctantly agreed . brother peter religiously to set foot in the left half of the room and i in the manner of any strong willed man ready to give up temporary comfort in exchange for an enlightened mind the example of this righteous man . thus my surprise was complete when that afternoon as i my robe he flung open the door to our room and strode in fully not his chalk line nor his refusal to enter the room but for nocturnal . my surprise turned to shock when his normally set in their natural scowl an expression of agony . as i stood to my he reeled forward and i caught him . he was trying to speak but his voice was hoarse and cracked with an ominous gurgling sounding from deep below his throat . only one word him a word that had no place on his holy . . in a moment he had completely . brother peter would stand no more . i had cut my thumb cleanly at the first fright of his entrance and now i something strange that i might have given more attention if it were not for the man dying in my arms . the blood as it was in the far right corner of the room to be flowing through the in the limestone floor as if by some sideways gravity . i had a moment to see the saturate the chalk line the room . but i am a man of strong will and i put curiosity in its place to more important my focus and i was dragging brother peter out into the hall . after brother peter god rest his blessed soul i returned to the room . it struck me that the blood was totally gone it had been there as by the chalk . i lay in my bed and over in my head . it clear that a demon had taken residence in the half of this room and the deceased brother peter had known it but why he had not spoken out or for an exorcism i did not understand . he had spoken that one word that terrible name that some read and none whisper . as sleep me came with it . across the expanse of some dark sky outside my view on all sides . the spectral that crossed and criss crossed across my vision and that just outside my understanding in the starless void beyond the sky . at first i tried to understand what the said but the to shift and change the moment before i made a coherent discovery . then i tried to fulfill the complex pattern of glowing that ethereal in the air . in mathematical perfection and curved deceptively into space before revealing themselves to behave as if they were straight when from end to end . as much as i tried to make sense of it or find a way to solve their the more i was and . what had shown itself to be a triangle proved to simultaneously be a pentagram and the answer to the puzzle me from just beyond my mind s reach . finally morning s blessed light woke me from these . the night before i had resolved to report this terrible place to the abbot or some tutor and being of strong will i did not let the uncertainty in me by those deter my purpose . an appointment with brother i in full the situation . brother had my comment on the change that underwent when quartered in that room and my explanation did not fall on deaf . when i repeated the terrible name he understood like i did and resolved to assist me . a bishop to be visiting st . peter ' s church within a week and brother decided that he and i should stay up the night in the room that our community of holy men might hold the devil that the place at bay . armed with our prayer and we watched our oil lamp dim as the slipped away to and fellowship . brother had a habit of his speech with of scripture the way a less pious one might interject or . i greatly admired this trait and expressed my desire to emulate it but brother to be . the oil lamp grew still dimmer and while i spoke with brother on his vast catalogue of scripture i for the shears to trim the wick over extending my arm in the process . the pain of my thumb re opening me that i had my arm too far and the wetness of fresh blood me to wince and look . to my shock my arm had through the wall of the room . all of brother or the night vigil and almost before i knew what i was commanding my . in a step i had through the wall as if it did not exist my bloody hand leading the way into the intangible space . i stepped through the monastery wall into an ocean of void that faded into faint of color in the distance . behind me the esoteric pattern of ley that had so fully my finite mind in my now pure of power by of blood . ahead of me a definite object the focal point of the endless void a singular lens of perspective in the dispassionate null a round pillar of greasy black stone that where it sat squat and morbid with thin of gruesome and evil scarring its wretched surface . but that wicked monolith of alien matter was only a pedestal for a thing still more craven . it a terrible black book with withered grey and a desolate aura of madness and soulless animation . yet i strode towards it the boundless expanse of intangible firmament around me rising to support my . my sent of purple nothing into interminable above me and of orange essence into the immeasurable below my horizon . then i was not alone . otherworldly of green white light around me falling from some transcendental dimension like and folding their incorporeal quintessence into base existence . they were as big as and as small as marbles their perspective missing in the sea of cavity around me . with a sickly substitute for light they illuminated the book on the pillar giving depth and contrast to the writhing and rolling nameless that under the membranous filmy black cover . the were all pressing towards me now searing the ether with invisible . some ineptitude of human nature me the ability to acknowledge them or look at them or address them in . but they me . there was no voice or communication only an oppressive presence that filled my mind till burst and to supply room and the occupancy into i did not know were in my soul . they me what i . the plethora of and and filled in the fullness of the infinite void around me . the very in my were physically incapable of turning my gaze to them but instead they my focus unwaveringly on the book in front of me some primeval guardian of my intellect sparing me the madness of the unknowable . i did not could not answer the question but instead devoted my honest reply to the ledger in front of me . i told it what i . then i was returned to the mortal plane indeed i was returned to the exact instant from which i had left but had no longer was i praising brother for his grasp of scripture but brother was praising me for my discipline . he to have no memory of my but why should he . for am i not a strong willed man ? in fact i have always been a strong willed man even since my youth have about the terrible quality of strength that about me . and now in a beautiful twist of irony i shall use this gift of strength to refuse the gift s granter . i shall resist the urge to share this book that i have and the knowledge of its existence . i shall destroy it and then myself . for i know by the that scarred brother peter that he must have given some of his lifeblood every night to keep intact the great piety that him to combat the to spread his knowledge of this horrible secret . indeed i feel my will as the day . i cannot wait any longer . i set down the last photograph with writing on it . the clock was ticking away the night . the something in the background . i the building off leaving only the desk light and went to collect my in the bathroom . my reflection in the glass mirror gaunt and sharp in the exit door sign s course red light the of my were by the lack of depth the hollow glow gave . i and bit my lip again . i tasted blood . breaking definitive evidence of suicide found in high profile in a laboratory fire . the celebrity scientist was a burnt book from abbey this year when a chemical fire broke out . we had just gotten done the mock up process with the fake book and everything for his new special you know . not good to have film around real fragile and such . he genuinely fine when he stayed after to do the actual process the foreman of the film crew making s documentary the start of a language . the fire in multiple where flammable were not kept and did not appear to be blocked so speculation arose that this was a suicide considering s long history with suicide . ever since he was a was popular . that was kind of his thing people would visit and just say man you have a lot of ! he was better at being popular than anything else really and it t really surprise us when his career went sky high with the mummy and the stuff honestly this book should have been another success . s nd ex wife told us . but one aspect of the success been a lot of mental illness . she continued . our divorce was based in a lot of that but i really don t have hard and am really sorry he when we were on bad . video footage today revealed the fire does appear to be a suicide security show neatly the process then some in an envelope before to shut down the lab . he a bathroom and when he comes out he to be in shock splashing across the remains of the book the large envelope his computer and ultimately himself . he had a complete mental breakdown it s like all the weight of being in the spotlight so to speak for just hit him all at once . we re the investigation to conclude that unfortunately he stopped taking his medication and it led to this . our psychology expert told us . in a moment of hope the school of they have high of the of the book from his computer s hard drive and that they plan to dedicate the eventual museum display to once the have been and . xb it s a strange national park the one i work at . no with the ecosystem whatsoever no invasive species no and most surprising of all no . a park just a hundred from ours is with water hyacinth and a very low elephant population because of . it t always been like this though at least that s what i m told . the head s been working here for . he in the s the were so with that almost of all the at the park from dehydration there were so many that the white rhino was practically non existent in the park the government at the time was extremely poor so it t help much . then suddenly in all the just into thin air . no more invasive when the at the time checked on the river they found all the dead and . the white rhino population magically when just a year ago there were less than of them . it was pretty surprising but i mean no one was . everything a cost though and this was no exception . there were of the carcass of a lion completely drained of blood with murmuring in an incomprehensible tongue impossibly huge not any animal in the area . this is a collection of all my with these . june th ! . coming . what s got you shouting ? i . i found a carcass . he said looking visibly pale . that s nothing to be yelling about i thought probably just the work of a lion or some wild dogs . it s an elephant its bee you should just look for yourself . an elephant carcass certainly is unusual but i doubt it yelling . with that he took me to the carcass leading me further up the lake a minute later we at the location . alright i can see why he was unsettled if are which itself is very rare its usually by and then only by the slowly wearing them out with consecutive weak until they can no longer walk and die from blood loss . this was nothing like that . the elephant s lower half was missing . it like it was bitten clean in half the and viscera flowing out . the shape of the teeth t match anything that lived here this was my first time one of the . i don t know what to do i never seen anything like this before how was i supposed to protect the other from this monster ? most of all i was for my life . i my boss and told to gather the other and stay inside the cabin and not to come out for anything . i stood out on the porch nervously glancing at the at any sound i . yes ? anything the matter ? she . yes ma am it s just that there s a carcass an elephant s bitten clean in half . i said . gather everyone in the cabin and do not come out until i m there . she said urgently . yes i already did that . good now wait for me . we in the cabin glancing out of the every few . hey this t real right ? you re a prank t you ? said . i m afraid not this is very real . poor he d just three ago . i my first three at the park i could barely deal with and this had to deal with a monster that bit in half . i saw something ! . probably just a wildebeest away by your yelling . i said . no way this thing made the top of the tree rustle too big for a wildebeest . alright now i was i took a look out of the window and swore i saw a large thin shadow dart out of my sight but maybe i was just i had just seen something after all people tend to see after an experience like that but something deep inside me told me not to go anywhere near the tree line . get away from the ! close those ! keep your close ! i t matter if it was real or not i want us to stay safe . i was right t i ? why would you do this otherwise ? said wide eyed . maybe i t risk the getting nervous and making a fatal mistake . an hour with us just together on our just waiting for it to tear through the cabin . a sharp shrill sound rang through the air i almost shot the door but it was just the doorbell . looking through the peephole i saw it was the boss . i let her in as soon as she i saw the team reflexive . they her a lot she was the one with the most experience the most dependable . she d brought her shotgun with her that meant business . show me the carcass i at the tree line something to move but nothing like whatever was there before was gone now . i led the boss to the site of the carcass . oh this horrendous we need to deal with thing before it anything else in half . no surprise at all typical of her . t we leave quickly ? don t usually abandon their for long right ? said glancing around nervously . that s right but this t a normal animal by any is it ? yes bu don t worry i just check the carcass for any and we be gone in . he stayed silent after that i he had his arm on his rifle . the boss bent down and stuck her hand into the carcass . i the urge to puke . a bit of digging around later she out a completely intact tooth . it was gigantic almost as large as a banana and there were on the outer edge . dealing with these for you where to look eh ? nobody said anything . with a tooth that big the beast had to be at least twice the size of a giraffe if not . the next few days went by in a flash we would find new by the river each day rhino hippo boar the thing never ate the only bit it in half and run away to god where before the sun came up . we won t get anywhere like this . we need to stay the night . said the boss . i t help but agree but it was too dangerous what was the guarantee that the thing t decide to take a few more for the night ? true it s dangerous but there t any other . we can either stay the night or let this thing roam the park freely . this only and i will stay the night you two stay in the cabin we radio you if there s any . that night we got our equipment and situated ourselves about away from where we found the every night behind some foliage . we had night vision on t want to risk whatever this thing was of our presence . whatever this thing was it was smart it s the middle of winter and water is scarce . have to come to the to drink or die of thirst . this by waiting near the and off easy prey . the first few went by fairly quickly nothing of interest . along the of the river of came and went . there t any in sight that was good for us but it also meant that something was wrong . this was the lake in the park . there were always here their absence that something them away something . into the search i a hippo . you hear that ? i the boss . yep it s coming from the general direction of the must be that thing . she said pointing to the spot . i turned my to where she was pointing . a large male was wildly into the darkness . i t see anything i turned my in the general direction of the hippo s but there t anything there . the hippo just continued frantically before suddenly turning around and running at top speed in the opposite direction . thunderous ran behind it . i strained my but i t see anything there was simply nothing behind it but a hippo t just run from nothing would it ? and the were very real . c mon we go ! the boss . are you out of your mind ! i back . but it was too late she was already running after the hippopotamus . i got up and running too . the footstep faster and faster until they suddenly stopped . the screaming was than ever and it felt like it was coming from somewhere above us . a loud crunch . dead silence . we returned the next morning to half a hippo . hey there s something in the ground here . said pointing to a dinner plate sized circle in the ground . there were several more a bit forward almost like the of a animal . the length of each step gigantic almost apart from each other . the were in the exact direction the hippo ran last night . like last night t a complete waste . said the boss following the . the led all the way to the tree line where they under the dense vegetation . it its prey then back into the tree line to hide during the light this thing is creepy . said while stepping a ways away from the tree line . we t see it in our last night so you think this thing is invisible ? i . probably not a lot of these can t actually be caught on camera but then again it could be invisible . she said . why can t they be caught on camera ? easy way to explain why no one outside the park about the these days so lazy . what ? well we kill this thing . how do we even know it can die ? i . we don t just have to take the chance . there was a cold breeze blowing into the i was squatting behind a large bush about to my right was the boss with her rifle trained on the tree line . and were on either side of the wood ready to shoot if anything went wrong . it dark here at pm so we had to get into position by . last night the thing at am no reason to believe it t attack today . it heavily at just perfect . the running again from nothing . i t risk pointing my flashlight at the thing . the thunderous faster and faster until they stopped . a loud crunch . all four of us shot together pointing our at the sound . thin black tall at the . then they a short motion as if they a body they t made for . i tried pointing my flashlight at the thing s face but the light t even reach its body much less it s face all we could see were its . thud something hit the ground half a hippo . it took a step forward but then to think otherwise turning around and running into the . we t see any half eaten after that but we occasionally see circular in the ground . my grandmother was always very religious and superstitious . my even told me that she practiced voodoo when she was younger but my grandmother never told me that herself . one thing my grandma always told me was that she but not just any mirror . were safe as long as they ' t paired with another . if two faced each other an " overlap " could happen . i never really understood what she meant by that but i assumed she was crazy and senile . when i was i bought my first house and in with my and her dog . we had two one on the first floor and one on the second floor . as soon i stepped into the second floor bathroom for the first time i felt a shiver down my spine . after all those crazy my grandma told me when i was a i had a slight uneasy feeling about . this ' t just any mirror though . there was a large mirror in front of the bathroom sink and a rectangularly shaped mirror on the other side of the room too . they faced each other and reflected each other . when i into the big mirror in front of the sink i could see the back of my body when looking into the reflection of the rectangular shaped mirror on the other side of the room . even though i felt childish as hell i thought that was kind of creepy and left the bathroom in a hurry . just as i was about to open the door and get out i saw something weird . in the corner of the mirror i saw what i thought like my hand even though there was no possible way for it to be reflected all the way over there . it completely motionless and i ' t see the rest of the body that it was attached to . just as i was about to freak out completely i my calling out my name downstairs . i turned back to the mirror and my hand was gone . i had trouble sleeping the following night . i woke up and a crunching sound from the first floor . my ' t in my room and i out her name and got no respond . the crunching sound continued . i put on my robe and went downstairs . even though it was am and in the middle of june it was still dark outside . the crunching sound came from the kitchen . i the sound and saw my sitting on the floor forward . she was eating our dog with a slight grin on her face . she was wearing a kind of old school nightgown i had never seen her wearing before . i stood there frozen in shock and disbelief for a couple of before taking a few backwards . she suddenly turned her head around as if she had no neck and at me with an offended expression on her face . that was when i woke up and i had dreamt the whole thing . i was sweating and felt kind of nauseous . i at my watch and that it was am even though it still was dark outside . that was when i a crunching sound from the first floor and that my ' t laying next to me . it ' s finally finished . the new fence i put up may have taken me all week but damn was it worth it my wife will be very please knowing our daughter will have a safe garden to play in . hey i turn to see my was standing in his garden . morning how are y . i like the new fence . this caught me off guard a little had never said anything about the fence before in fact he was usually quite bitter about me and my family new stuff but i just it off as him being polite . well thank you it took me all we what kind of wood is it ? he slowly his finger across the top of the fence i was just about to say i ' t know when i up into ' s there was something off about him and the way he stood his arms and perfectly still his on the fence almost like he was in a trance i was a little worried about him so i . hey are you you seem to b nice fence . he cut me off again now holding onto the fence and smelling it there was an unspoken rule in my you do not and i repeat do not touch someone else ' s property so i got a little mad at this look take your off my property or i ' m calling the police . he and eventually went back inside i decided to go have an early night because i was exhausted . i had just got off the phone to my wife and daughter and it was around . i was doing my final security i do every night before i go to sleep when i it a growling sound outside in my back garden i to see what was making the noise and as you would have i ' t see anything because it was pitch black . i my torch and headed outside . my fence was shaking at first i put it down to it being the wind the fence was slightly loose this was done to make it easier to replace should it break so it made sense for it to shake a little but there was no wind i even checked the weather update for the night and it said no wind was due i around but ' t see anything so i decided to head back inside . as i turned the growling got more violent and the to shake more violently i in horror and disbelief i was about to call for help but then they suddenly stopped . i ' t sleep well that night . now i don ' t want to bore you with what the company i got the fence from said as you probably could guess i went in and them if they ' re growl and shake in the night and they at me like i was mental so when i got that look i just left . so aside from the shaking and growling i another thing every day would come out and start talking to my fence i ' t know what to do about this i tried telling him to stop i police but every day he would keep doing it until eventually one day i him shouting at it he was kicking my fence and he ' t stop no matter what i said . calm down ! ! he ' t listen to me so in the end i the police . the moment i told them everything stopped and went back inside as if nothing . when the police i told them what had and he ' t remember received a warning and they left . i awoke in the middle of the night to kicking my fence again he like he was go through the damn thing this time but there was something else the fence was growling back at . i ran to get my phone to call the police before warning this just made him start kicking it harder and harder i was on the phone to the operator when i a loud snap of my fence breaking by a scream which was soon cut off . i put my phone on the counter and ran outside . what i saw still me in my sleep what i saw was the very reason i would never help set up the fence again it was . but not my no no no he was stook in the kicking position he spent his last breath with his body completely made of wood . it s been a long time since i into this apartment picked up that damn note from the tenant before me and unlocked a world of demon window and vile rat like that live in the communal lift . if you don t know me my name is kat and ago i found myself living in a home filled with unusual you can start here if you want to know more . if any of you do remember me i m back again begging for your help . i don t even really know how to begin this but i think i owe you all an apology . you me gave me advice and tried to stop me from making the biggest damn mistake of my life . i t listen . instead i let my emotional immaturity get the better of me . i really wish i d . i m sorry i you all . i was embarrassed . i know i without a word and for that i really am sorry . i can t blame any of you for me to prudence . the following my moving into the block had me in such an emotional place . you have to understand it was a lot to take in no one can be truly to live somewhere like this it was bound to catch up with me eventually . the since i last you have been hellish and now i found myself in further trouble . it t long after my last post that i caught . i him into the flat with cat food left out by the door . i ran the risk of being alive by the lift to capture my monstrosity of a . he was smaller than i thought . i him to be much than because of the age difference but he t . maybe as big as a large dog . something i about more than anything was his once huge stature an odd quality to consider i know but he was and his felt like the place i d ever been . looking at the small deformed humanoid creature over crunching on cat with its sharp jagged teeth under a grotesque rodent nose made me feel sick . i instantly knew that i d made a mistake that the love of my life was gone for good but that thing had s they were unmistakable . suddenly prudence s need to keep around made sense . i could see an entire life in those that had been away from me and i was too selfish to let it go . i suppose in that respect i m exactly like her . exactly what you all think . a monster . i fashioned a place to keep him hidden in the large built in wardrobe of our bedroom . it t like s cage was cold and restrictive it had space and of us before everything . it was like a walk in wardrobe ironically it was something that originally me to the flat . the only similarity to s tiny cage was the large padlock that it . i tried everything to bring that little piece of left inside the creature out i really did . i sat with him for talking about our and trying to feed him his . he would make awful raspy when i spoke to him at first grunting and as if he were struggling to breathe . i received more than a few and scratches and he to eat anything that i gave him for instead . i thought about killing him . a lot . it s a position i never thought i d be in when we were searching for a home together and at some point i i consider it daily . i come close to it more than a few times but every time i look at those damn i can t . i m weak . so i tried to cope . i taken the best care of him that i can . i gotten involved with my i s twice a week at her place while she slept and i m actively involved in the committee . i never told anyone what i did aside from all of you . there s only two people i feel i could admit my to one was locked in my wardrobe whilst the other was seemingly gone forever . despite this i kept the garden immaculate in the hope that one day would return and it kept me sane . i even to revive one of the that prudence tried to butcher during her attack but no matter how much love i gave it just t flourish and the bench empty . all this whilst i kept my shame in my bedroom cupboard . regardless of all the anguish this place bought me there s nowhere else in the world i would consider home . i never felt more connected to a place in my life . so i stayed i and i kept busy . the tower block may be special and it s may often live in another world but we t completely immune to the outside . government hit us recently too . with came the loss of routine as we knew it . the whole building went into chaos and i was no exception . being trapped in the flat with him all day undid worth of self distraction and denial in a matter of . i d never been more aware of what an abhorrent thing i d done than those first few . the other were going through their own crises . t slept in we regularly and i her and the terribly every time i spoke to her she awful . there was at night banging at all of the day and a whole worth of struggling . when they window cleaning non essential it sent that particular pest into chaos he still on the but instead of the relentless he just desperately at the window . i tried not to open the i finally got round to a few ago i t take his pleading . the committee tried to put in place to keep the block going . we were running zoom and a number of us for the elderly and vulnerable of our . socially with them from the corridor as we drop off . to be honest it was as much a lifeline for me as the elderly . . . anything to get out of the flat away from him . i was three from my floor living in and . and live in flat they re next door to me and generally very pleasant . a breathing problem so they had to isolate . they re older but very independent most of the time they just a few and t want to chat . prentice from flat was easy too he d been an intensely private man since i d known him and t that . he did seem to make more of the animalistic i d come to know him for but i think being trapped inside would do that to anyone with his particular . since he prudence i d been much more tolerant of the anyway . the only thing i really learned about him from doing his shopping is that he a drink and there s often a bottle of whiskey in the bag he home with his newspaper inside . once a week he me to drop off an envelope of cash to the pub he in the gnome . he said that the owner is a good friend and he about her getting by financially with the pub shut at the moment . it warmed my heart . he s such a lovely man . flat was different from the other two . i t ever met the occupant despite lived here for almost a year now . i d seen a young man going in and out occasionally but he never stayed long . the flat was by a blind elderly widow . the man visiting was her son who had his own profoundly disabled child and t support his mother through the pandemic . the first time i on her door i was nervous . i t sure why i just felt uncomfortable trying to help someone i knew nothing about . i and stood back it took a few for to answer . had wild hair she t cut it like most older ladies tend to she d it to grow and it had formed spectacular . she was well and i m embarrassed to say i t expect that from a blind person . she wore a satin blue dressing gown over the top of a white day dress and had a pair of comfortable looking on that perfectly the colour of her dressing gown . are you the girl molly about ? i told her i m fine but the interfering old bat . she me with in the pocket of her dressing gown for a packet of i watched her open the pack and light the last one . her brash attitude t put me off i people with a bit of tenacity and i t particularly of the committee s molly either . i m kat . although i m sure molly will have to me as . . . not my name by the way . anyway i m happy to pick up anything that you need and i m here if you just want to chat . i a little as i spoke . . see even interfering in something as personal as your name . i never that woman . she and took a few of her cigarette hesitating before she continued . i don t need much . if you could grab me a pack of and a microwave meal every day i m fine . i don t like to ask but my son can t come and without a smoke i think i d go potty . she took another long drag of her cigarette and into her pocket to pull out some change and a twenty pound note . she a little as she for help it clearly t something she was used to . throw me the packet so i know which brand to get . i . ester threw me the empty carton after her money inside and i barely caught it . she smoked the same brand i did so i into my pocket and out or individual and them back . they hit the floor . . she s blind i thought mortified . there s a few cig s on the floor in front of you . . . sorry . . . i t think . but they re the same as yours they should keep you going until i get back . as i said that she properly for the first time . you re alright t you . thanks . before you go just a bit of advice for you take the route through the park instead of round . she . i thought it was strange but everything in the tower was . i told her that i would and said my . the that constantly t kind to me that trip the and by the time i the bottom my were burning . i the building and thought about suggestion . the route around the park was but i decided a pleasant wander through the would only keep me away from for longer so without any further hesitation i took her advice . my were sore from the but it was a beautiful day . about halfway through the park i a loud crash and the screeching of car by screaming . i sped up and when i finally the exit i turned the corner towards the shop and the source of the noise . it was utter carnage . a car had into a at a zebra crossing and a devastating accident . with multiple people on the phone to emergency . i was shaken entering the shop i t stop thinking about the poor people involved in the crash . in my mind as i thought about the fact that had i taken the usual route i would have probably been crossing at the crash site as it . the that s suggestion had saved my life sent my mind into overdrive . i know that many of you think i learned nothing from my moving into the block but i did learn that there are no here . she had known exactly what was going to happen . i left the shop and chose to go back through the park i was leaving nothing to chance but it me that i t get back home . when i the building i flung the main door open and to climb the . they must have sensed my urgency because they only made me climb this time . i at the on the flat door . . why had i never met her before ? why had she been in her flat ? i the shopping bag close to the door hard on it with my and . ! a few . i again . give me a chance to open the door kat . and please . it s . or would you prefer i you ? she the door and scoffing as she said . how did you know ? i . know what ? you know what . you saved my life . the crash ! i t save your life . i knew that if you around the park you d be in trouble . i had no idea there would be a crash i just made a suggestion . you saved your own life when you took it . she said flippantly . so you can see the future ? i desperate for . don t you dare ! blind woman . . . second sight . my whole life the of this block have tried to reduce me to a walking cliche and i m not doing it ! i don t see anything i been blind since birth . i just always had a particularly accurate instinct . she spoke with passion . i could see why she locked herself away if the other knew about her i m sure she was . i m sorry . i t mean to offend you . i haven t been here long these still surprise me . thank you for your instinct . i would been if you t . well i m glad you t . she down and picked up the shopping bag taking out the packet of to open and light one . thanks for this she said rustling the bag with her . what flat do you live in ? number . i . beamed . hah ! i someone saying that the old witch was dead but i t sure i them . i thought prudence would ride out a nuclear apocalypse like the cockroach she was . i at the sound of her name . i try not to think about her too much or what she put me through . i try to focus on what i love about the block . could tell she struck a nerve . did i hit a sore point ? she continued my discomfort . i t a fan of prudence either . the idea of her coming back with cockroach antennae s in the night will keep me awake now . i trying to lighten the mood . you re funny . if antenna would that woman she d have done anything to grow them . it s nice to have some young blood in this place . it was all starting to get a bit old and stale . take care kat . we said our and she closed the door . that night i thought about . i her to the i was sure she would love them and i thought of trying to get her involved in the block again when all this was over . it made me smile . unfortunately my happy were soon interrupted by . i sat on my bed with a cup of tea and could hear him from the cupboard scratching and . i went and it up to stroke him a few times . saliva from his sharp teeth down his deformed jaw . it disgusted me . i shut my and tried to imagine my once gorgeous arms round me on the mattress on the floor of the flat for the one night that we got to spend here together . i wished every day to go back to that but it would never happen . when i my there he was . . . that monster . i got close to over those first few . i got her and a microwave meal every day and we at the door . after a few days i was taking my morning cup of tea to sit in the corridor and talk to her . i making enough food for two so that she could have something home . she my but she was grateful . she had lost her husband young not long after she had her son and never again . her life was fascinating . she d spent as a social worker before she retired . she said that her instinct her give great advice to her and she d to help a lot of people out of bad . may have been older but she was full of life . i her why i never saw her why she never came to committee or got involved . as i suspected she d grown sick of the whole block hounding her for about their . she told me that once molly had her to tell her the gender of her unborn grandchild before the child s mother had found out so that she could hold it over her . it like it got intense . people were offering to pay for the winning lottery or the bank of bill . they t want to listen when she tried to tell them that it t how it worked so she kept a distance saw her son and that was about it . it made me sad i vowed that even after this lock down was over i was going to keep spending time with . i t want to think of anyone up at home all the time without anyone to talk to . i told about her and she being with her while she was growing up . told me she d been a resident forever . i s shopping at the door and sat down in the corridor to chat as usual one afternoon . we spoke about music and her love of jazz . it was pleasant . just before i left she stopped me and told me that she had an instinct that she to tell me about . it was unusual she t like to share them and i t like to pester but she it was important . kat one of your needs help . you need to know that it is possible it won t be easy but if you look hard enough you will find a way . that was all she said . she it was all she knew but i think to hold back sometimes . either way it was cryptic and . i lamented her for it . that s all your giving me ? what am i supposed to do with that ? i her . haven t got a clue . she lighting yet another cigarette . i got an instinct and i told you . what more do you want ? there s in this block that would kill for one of s famous . she and her wild hair . i sat in the corridor outside hers for a while even after she closed the door . i thought about what her instinct could mean . when i finally up the stomach to enter my flat i thought of . what if it meant i could help him ? what if what i d done was reversible ? what if there was hope ? or maybe it meant that killing him really was the only way i could help him and if i at myself hard enough i d finally find the strength to follow through . i to sleep that night despite trying to go to bed early . every scratch wheeze and gasp from the cupboard sent me bolt upright and it took until just after am before i finally off . when i woke in the morning i had from from am and from that morning . my heart . the . i knew had been going through a stage of trying to get out of the flat and i was something had to her . i could barely hold the phone as i back . thankfully she quickly . ! are you ? what s ? are the ? i practically at her down the microphone . kat . i m fine we re fine ! but i have to tell you something . was serious she was never serious . what is it ? last night got out . she made it all the way up to your floor to try and visit you by the time i caught up with her . as i was about to march her downstairs i spotted something . it s kat . . . . she was walking into the lift . her cut into my soul . i let out a gentle sob . i m sorry kat . i tried to stop her i her name but she t turn . she just in . i t do i had there and when i checked the time . . . . it was quarter past . i m so sorry . and that s where this predicament in an ironically similar place to before with me mourning the loss of a one to the lift . the next part son wake up ! xb these were the first i when i my . my was moving back and forth my clothes with a towel wrapped around her head . her quick along with her casual attire led me to believe she was going somewhere . even with her waking me up i still t feel like moving . i felt comfortable in my position . xb what re you waiting for ? go take a bath now . we re going to buy you clothes for remember ? my said when she saw me still laying down . xb i stood up and her before my annoyance . after taking a bath i wore the clothes my prepared and told her i was going to wait outside . after a few or so she went out of the house and locked the . it was now time for the minute commute to the bustling street market . xb the neighborhood district we were going to covered a wide area . the place was filled to the brim with various flea and people . you d think the purpose we had for going here was for the wide variety of food they sell or the dirt cheap second hand electronic . but my and i were just looking to find me some cheap clothes . xb as we got off the my walking towards the destination . i know what market she to go to . it was the market near the church that was a bit far from where we got off . xb my mother said most of the here don t have . i t exactly believe her word but the market we were going to felt like it t have one . the market itself was an unnoticeable concrete building . behind a fast food restaurant and the area around it had a weird smell due to the stray dogs that about . xb even though the place was secluded a handful of people still about the hidden building and its mysterious owner . xb have you of the owner ? xb i the owner s a foreigner who came here just for the low labor . xb i the owner was a drug dealer who to settle down with his wife and . xb i the owner was actually a gold digger who ran off with her s money . xb my cousin said that anyone who seen the owner said that his shadow outlined the devil himself . xb these were a few of the i from the we by . tend to run rampant especially since no one actually seen what the so owner like . my mother no attention to the gossiping and went inside the market like how any normal person would . xb the interior of the market had seen better days . the were still unpainted and the only design i could see were the beneath my . apart from that it still felt lively because of the bright that illuminated the and the music that in the background . the were no exception to this as well . every vendor to the tune of the music and their more cheerful than the squatter who re outside . xb after going to the second floor my mother we split up to make it easier to get the clothes we need . i was to buy myself a long sleeve polo shirt and other while my mother felt like she to buy my pants and few other for herself . xb we agreed to meet up at the market s front entrance when we re finished before going in opposite . i thought it would take me longer to pick out what i to buy but i was surprisingly done . all that s left for me was to go back the way i came and wait in the entrance . xb i took a left leaving the store and then took another left to go back to the escalator going down to the first floor . but something was wrong here . i went the way i came from but the area t familiar . walking more lead me to this shop with writing . i never seen this shop before so i know that i t going to find my way out if i just blindly around . xb so i my back to the shop where i bought my clothes . the shop t there . only the store with the same writing was in its place . i was getting anxious . i felt ridiculous being lost in a market at my age . the only thing i thought of doing was to roam around and try different just to find my way to the market s front entrance . and so that s what i did . xb around ten had . xb every turn and every step i take i was lead back to the same shop . the market was like a never ending labyrinth . every time i look behind an unfamiliar hallway would face me . but even then i knew outcome of what will happen . xb then thirty . xb all the i had no one in them . it was as if i was alone left to wander the of this god forsaken place . i tried to keep myself calm even if all of this was not normal . i kept walking . xb and then an hour went by . xb relief quickly came to me as i saw people again . i and thought that the worst was finally over . each person i saw carried a downcast expression with them . the air carried a depressing mood which was in contrast to the lively atmosphere i saw when i first the building . the upbeat music that was once in the background was now by a faint white noise . i could tell something was not right . xb just then i something from around the corner . the shop would pay no attention to the voice and carried on with what they were doing . i felt curious as to what the sound so i the voice . as i get closer to the sound would look at me from all around . some would even give me a look suggesting me to not go any further . but i t listen . xb as i in the corner i saw a man in the floor . the man was whimpering and i could hear him beg even if i was a few away . the man was groveling at the of a woman who had her back turned against me . the woman wore a red dress and a fur scarf that went around her neck . xb p please forgive me . i promise i pay next month . next month . the man said while still holding the woman s black . his voice was weak yet i can still hear fear from his . xb i m sorry . . those were the . i be sure to give your family your resignation notice . . the woman said as she farther away from the groveling man who had now a hopeless look in his . xb there was something weird that right after the woman left . her shadow did not follow her and a bigger shadow from under the groveling man . i at my surroundings . everyone away while the shadow grew and multiple from it . the shadow grew arms which had the color of the abyss . along with that cried out in pain and anguish . the arms then the man under . xb i was . xb i ran away . the man s still in my . i took a left turn then a right turn then another left . i felt sick from running away but i t do anything else . i the end of the path i ran to . and what faced me was another shop that had the writing . i don t what i was supposed to do . i sat down next to the shop . this was me my defeat . xb not long after shop s door . it revealed a tall woman with black . it was the same shadowless woman as before . her appearance me to stay in place as she at me from head to toe . xb are you lost boy ? the woman said . xb i . xb she back and told me to stand up and close my . i quietly her . xb let s make a deal boy . don t tell anyone what you saw and i let you go kay ? she whispered . xb her soft voice sent a chill down my spine forcing me to agree . she then my forehead causing me to open my again . i was at the market s front entrance . i saw my mother waiting near the market s so i immediately ran towards her . i t wait to get out of here . xb we went out and rode the back to our house . as we got home i to my while she was opening the door . xb i don t think we should go shopping there . xb but why not ? she me with a curious look . xb well it s my sentence was cut short as i saw dark from my shadow . i feel them grab the soles of my waiting for me to say what should not be said . xb because of what ? my mother me to continue . xb . i said as i went up to my room . the on my shadow . they sorry for the delay . it ' s been crazy since my last post part . . r a therapist who in ? medium android source share part . . r gyszi a therapist who in ? medium android source share so much i dont know where to begin . we left off where sam and crew and another nightmare of a night had ended so i guess we can start there . " let ' s do this . " ally and i said in unison . sam gave us a wry smile . " alright " she said out a note pad " i have all of ally ' s story and the of yours but i ' m have to have more than that . i know its painful but i ' m going to need to hear all of yours so we can find any and all we can use against this thing . " i heavily at the last of polish on my . as a therapist i knew she was right the only way to overcome a past event is to view it open and honestly . to basically dig that broken part of yourself out of your heart and dig the dark decay away before it a chance to spread . i at ally . " are you listening to this ? " she gave me a nod her face stoic and full of love . i gave her hand a squeeze and . " i dont remember much before i was around but i know he was there far before then . his name was . . . . " i pause . i hate that name . i brace myself and just blurt it out telling myself the faster i get this out the sooner i will be done with this . " his name was . he and my were . the monster was there too but not at first . it ' s like it grew the more he ramped up his abuse . my knew i ' m sure of it . she was probably to up half the time to care or if she did she didnt want to lose all the dope he brought around . " i clench my teeth i hate this part the most . " i think she was trying to get clean when i was around . i could see the pain and anger start to build in her when she saw the damage he did to me and she to try and comfort me . he didnt like that . he would hurt us in every way and make the other watch . " i close my grief for the person my mother was becoming flooding my chest like a tsunami . . . threatening to wash the strength i did have away . then an anchor was cast my way . a tiny hand warm and soft mine and me tight grounding me . her love and acceptance all i to keep going . " " she kept him though promising me that one day we would escape . then one night she came in to one of the worse times he had beaten me so badly that could only roll down my swollen face my broken body incapable of myself even if i wasnt a child . she just . . . . . snapped . she and lunged at him flying . he just . i tried to speak to move to do anything that would help her but i ' t . i was in so much pain . " my my heart ' s feeble attempt to wash away the pain from my . " she told him we were leaving that she was going to report him for what he had done to us and then he stopped laughing . without saying a word he her by the hair and her head into my over and over and over . her blood everywhere with mine . then he threw her beside me on the bed and then before the life left her she just said " i ' m sorry baby . be strong and fight h . . " she was gone before she could finish . " " that night he me beat me did anything he could to hurt me over and over . i move for days but that didnt stop him . while i lay there for almost a week next to my mother ' s cold rotting body i to plan . " " i was when i finally . i was but had him telling his " " over the phone that for a piece they could do whatever they to me . i knew i had to act . i let him break away more of me . i decided one of us would die that night if it was me . . . well then he hurt me now could he ? " " so that night when he had me cook him dinner and make i slipped as many in it as i could . i him weak . i at him he was the best person in the world . the monster around me telling me i was stupid that he would figure it out and then i would beg for a death that would never come . with my attention he even said i could make myself a drink and i did to calm my . the monster tried to warn him i think . it around him and a few times when it brushed against him i swear i saw his darken . " i give a small smile . " when he was good and drunk i told him i was going to bed and as i he got up to follow leaning on everything for support . i had to hold back manic laughter i was so . i made it to my room in the attic of our old farm house . i to my window and let the cool breeze calm me . he in and came me . when he me i to slowly move us as he to pull at my clothes . " " then i him as hard as i could . i then that a box had by itself between him and the window it stopped him from falling out . i knew it ' t been there a moment before i swear it ' t . panic filled me . he was so angry and i remember seeing the monster quiver with excitement and slip inside him . his were like the of hell then and his wrapped around my throat . i just let it happen at first . like i said if he wasnt dying that night i was . " " then i her again . she said " be brave baby fight them ! " that distracted him and he around huge . a burst of energy came over me i and until he was out of the window hanging on to the ledge . he for me to save him he . i remember feeling almost sorry for him then he said it " please my sweet baby girl . . . " i " you ! ' and hit his with a block of wood his grip him then and he fell himself on the rake of the tractor just below . then a shadow from his broken body came up through the window and my face . " i will taste you again my sweat baby girl . " it almost . " " i spent the rest of my life fighting to forget those . i convinced myself that the monster was not real that if i forgot and on it would leave me . i now know that i was wrong that i didnt want to deal with the pain . i didnt want anyone to see the most broken pitiful and shame filled part of myself . i locked her away . " ally ' s arms were around me me back to the present . i had never spoken of half of these especially not in anywhere close to this much detail . i was by how much lighter i felt . like some invisible chain around my very being had broken away . sam was mumbling looking over her . " i see i think i know what we need to do . " she said something to kat and . kat softly back to sign his answer . it was then i his scar . a long raised pink line around his throat . he must have seen me looking because he again and sam spoke to me . " here had a monster too his monster hurt him in other ways but as you can see the it left are just as life long . " i . everyone in this room their personal . i just ally and i would escape ours . sam again . " i had a suspicion when i saw ally stand up for you and then when you told me you were able to stop your monster when you your mother i knew for sure . . . to defeat your monster you have to have hope love and strength in your heart but more than that you need to not shut yourself out and guard yourself from those who care for you . " she gave ally a wink . " ally here stood up for you and in doing so knew the pain it would cause her but still she it . then we came in to help after you had us and we would come . " she over and my hand . " just now you the most raw part of yourself to us your no longer pushing it away locking the young hurt you away in your heart . she is free now and the hope you carried when you your mother call out for you to fight is with you again . " " we can beat it ! " ally said smiling through her . " yes " i them away . " together we can ! " we spoke in the rest of the day and as the sunlight faded turning the sky into a dark star canvas we our search . we found it there in the attic it was still slightly and had went up there to lick its wounds and gain strength . it menacingly when we but i saw the way it shrank back as we drew near . " your not going to hurt us " i said my voice strong and clear not the knot of fear in my stomach . it a low horse sound " arent we sweet baby girl i guess you didnt learn anything from your mother ! " it an image of my mother head cracked open mouth gaping into my mind . i breathed slowly . " i will do this for ally " i thought . then silently added " and for my mother . " " we are not afraid of you it doesnt matter what you do what you try we are done living in the . we will never cower before you again ! " it must have said something to ally because she paled but she quickly her composure . " she ' s right " she said " do whatever you but we are free you cant control or hurt us ! " the monster and to almost pulse with energy its between a it own face teeth sharp dark dead then it like then ally ' s stepfather . thats when sam handed us the we had prepared . it was deadly sharp and on paper we had tied around the hilt we had written our and our for the future and about the love we had for each other and everyone we had lost or still had . together we forward both of us holding the hilt and together we it into the monster . it cursed fought and us . it told us that without it we would be alone that everyone would know the stain of shame on our that only it would ever truly understand us love us . we didnt stop . we kept going until it was small enough to fit in my hand . i picked it up and then it into a box with more of our little inside . we closed the box together and slid the into the little slot at the top . we had done it . we decided to join the task force . our home now is used as a base seeing as we have plenty of room . it ' s so happy here everywhere and if we ever have any with each other we dont shut down . we are open and honest . we have and in doing that we grow . ally is doing amazing she school and so many . they cant help but love her seeing as she is pure sunshine . she even dating a very sweet girl from her class . i ' m so of her . another member of the task force and i have seeing each other causally he is super amazing . we understand each other . ally to tease him . our are so full with people we love and who love us . in the basement there is a little row of most with a single name but one with two . sometimes you will hear banging coming from down there occasionally even a growl or scream . when we do we all go down holding . the person whose box needs to be subdued forward then their monster that this is their life and that it can ' t take anything from them unless they allow it . ally and i face our box together . at first our box was very active but as we grow it needs less and less . we can never ignore it though if we learned anything from this it is that the monster doesnt exist it strength and if was to grow strong enough again . . . just remember you can defeat your but they will never truly go away . you can silence them make peace with them and show them how wrong about you they are but if you neglect to deal with them when they start to reach into your consciousness well then they will take over . i am s and what you are about to read are classified from the ' s titled devil interview i have to get this out date june thtitle devil interview classification level never a portal was two days ago and a subject though we put him in a room and he kept a suit a black and velvet suit when we gave it his face into a red point chined face and his black please see subject at bottom of document for more he proclaiming he is the religious entity satan devil today we are an interview between . and the so devil or subject the interview was as . hello my name is . i am here to interview you what is your name well i have had many mister but most revered as satan or . h how did you know my last name ? oh i know everything about you how old you are and how many family you . were did you come from . and do you have any ill toward earth not at the moment but even if i did you ' t stop me . and why is that ? subject to look at the glass and snap the light went off and . can be yelling no and stop and then screaming after of this silence the come back on and subject is standing holding the head of . we proceed to user in and shoot him but ineffective his wrist and the snap he out the cell and burn of the staff to ash we were finally able to subdue him but only for a second before he woke back up he ran and is now loose in the facility june th we locked down the facility and trapped him in there satan is on earth and if anyone him put of site he will kill us all if you are reading this pray to god that he stays down there we informed . ' s family of his passing giving them ashes that are not his since his body is still in there saying he was in a jet testing accident subject description and gender color color completely " extra red face with and fanged teeth end of document ill keep you on this i was into the lab by administration they know i read the doc i had to sign a vow of silence are now going off there ' s a cam on site and the door is open he ' s free oh god what have we done its been two since he got free fallen and he ' s another portal hundred of of what we presume are from it we are trying to fight but its no use they are killing everything we for help i ' over and over but god abandoned us he no longer over us i can hear him outside he here and die this is s for the last time th child . it was the th child of an angry exhausted woman . her temperament was understandable few people could bear to carry birth and raise that many . cursed the moment it s existence was known long before it was even born . maybe that s why it was so bitter so angry . it s mother s love before it had even tasted fresh air it s family in the face or the sacred that would become its name . no it was branded a devil and shamed before it even had a chance at life . mother she was a witch and the child being born different is no coincidence as its father was satan himself or so the womenfolk gossip . there are a few about the birth of the creature . some say it was born a normal babe tenderly in the arms of the midwife until its mother spoke it again . that s when it to grow and twist shaping into the abomination we know . recount how the creature tore its way out of mother leed s womb but she t die saved by the devil s magic . a payment for carrying his child to term . one tale it came out kicking and screaming as it was . small at first almost as tender and mild as any other . but it was gruesome and twisted a mockery of god s creation and then it to grow . my god did it grow rapidly and violently until it stood taller than anyone else on it s cloven . it at the mouth of it s goat head and its tail around the room . it it s vile and fled through the chimney a blood chilling screech from it s horrid maw . no matter which version you hear every story a few true . it was the th child it was cursed while still in it s mother ' s womb the family were even among the and a storm unlike any other was raging the night of the birth . needless to say no one went near the s house any more after that . mother stopped which was probably much to her relief and life went on as normal . unintentionally his family from the through his business of almanac writing and . t take kindly to astrology and when one of their own to adopt such a devilish thing they him . they burned and his . in response he wrote and more and more of the blasphemous . regrettably this sent him down a strange path of occultism and paganry . s loyalty to the crown than the of his faith eventually writing against the of jersey . his crest was of a something that devil to imitate though still in mockery . perhaps the obsession with the occult is what made the devil come to be further down the line . whatever the case the devil lived unchecked in the of the pine . soon after the creature was born . a commander ordered a to be fired upon it as the thing flew overhead . a direct hit did nothing . it with livestock killing and stealing . after a while the devil too much of a nuisance and a bounty was on its head . the pine are just that pine as far as the can see though few could be spotted at any given time . people went into the but some made it back out . all the share a similar story . it s screech froze them in place and sent a chill down their spine . the of its a strong wind which nearly them down . it s head was that of a goat complete with large curved . it s cloven tore the ground as the beast towards them it s glowing red . with another screech it would either carry them away in its mouth or knock them down swinging at and with it s . did nothing and it s strength was almost impossible to defend against . eventually nobody would venture into the of the pine save for a few . still something had to be done . this was a devil and only god could drive it out . that s why the sent him . father . the church that were a thing of the past . that was true at least as we knew them . father was a new type . he dealt with the occult unholy and blasphemous that threaten the safety of religious people . he t seem to care if the him or not . there were in new jersey as well and that is who he was protecting . he as much as he could and set off into the armed with religious weaponry and the protection of god . he would return at the end of the day resting at the inn . some days he would show up bearing scratches and even a bite mark on one occasion . still he went into the each morning . one night two were . one was a man s and one was clearly not . they mixed for a moment and then the night was silent . he did not return that day and nobody him to return again . a day or two later a found him strung up between two large tied to the by hand and foot with his . his weaponry lay beneath him his torn to and on by the of a goat . perhaps the devil s father came to his aid . we will never know . it to get more and more bold even people in town at night . people still hear the and it them shiver in terror . we don t enter the heart of the pine any more and we hardly see it nowadays . though every so often someone the rapping of on their roof the sound of leathery or being rushed by a goat headed cloven bat winged monster that bore into their soul with it s glowing red . we leave the devil alone and we pray to god that it the favor . eldest son of and . part . . r gxnfr i hunt reverse four ? medium android source we are back . had to take a little bit of a break . going through my past is mentally straining on me . also my jumble together . i ' get to the reason for that later . so punk ass was dead now . it felt good . really good . i knew i was different from my late friend mark now . i knew i to continue the fight . i slept like a up baby that night . the look on ' s face before his head exploded was like an to me . the next afternoon i out with to the memorial we were outside . it was the first time me and had been together since the attack . we lined up with and a few i had never seen . laid before us were eleven with fresh dirt piled upon them . all my cattle and some staff . behind them was a three foot tall white marble column with a balance scale atop it . on one end of the balance lay a heart on the tray on the other a feather . both were weighed equal on the scale . an inscription on the said " alas in our you were found pure . " i ' t know what all the symbolism meant at the time but i got the gist of it . i for mark most of all . his heart was too pure to withstand the of this life . we stood quietly as spoke in an ancient tongue over the . then a priest stepped up to read from . this my mind . ' t a priest be a cross in ' s face screaming " the power of you ! " i guess really were different from the . but i did see make the sign of the cross with the priest . interesting . must have seen me looking and he back at me . was between us her entire left hand a replacement now . she had lost three of her and said " screw it ! just give me a whole new hand . " " maybe i should be maimed more often so i can get cool new arms and " he said dryly to both of us . " yeah maybe they can get you an actual personality too " retorted without looking at him . after the ceremony we were told we were moving to the final and phase of training . three more of spell craft hunting technique and field training . we were finally told where we were in close to the border . every morning we went outside to sit on some in the hot desert . only the merciful shade from of a overhead tin roof to cool us . this is where we met our new instructor a stocky and thickly muscled man with a killer mustache . was surprisingly open about his past . maybe we had finally a place in training that they us . he told us he was one of the founding of the zeta cartel a us trained police unit that immediately converted to being when they got back to . told us not everybody was down with breaking bad as soon as training was done but they had no choice . was forcefully turned by an ancient who was the drug kingpin of the region . ' s life only of killing and for his new master therefore the zeta cartel . between catching people on fire and piling people into mass was to a small one bedroom apartment with only a bed shower and . he told of how he was forced to workout and clean for sixteen to twenty a day in his small room . no relaxation no communication with anybody no nothing . his master only seeing him as a blunt instrument to hurt people with . only calling him out when somebody to die horribly . he went on to explain the organization i apparently work for found and his master freeing him from his thrall . told us was a force between the many . up with them after of spreading death and misery . it was his attempt to atone . he taught us interrogation crime scene investigation and of other spy stuff . i at all this but was a little thrown by some of the tactics . like how to torture someone for or how to get the drop on the if you were being . it was hard for me to admit that i would be considered a criminal in most of the i went . oh i got my leg back . it still like a metal leg bit i could feel it . the one thing i ' t at was spellcraft . the way it was to us was very bare . some people had connection to magical by that were not disclosed to us . if you ' t have a magical connection you could still use finite magical . i only had luck with magical and was good at both but was super wizard savant with everything . went on to tell me a little bit of her . she was from where the ruling clan the people . some ancient treaty kept from interfering but they could train independent to protect the smaller from being upon . told me her plan was to go back to and take on an apprentice to defend the people . she came from a long line of also why she was so good with spellcraft . she had been taught it at an early age but even she said ' s ability was freaky . one night we all stood outside in the desert around a pentagram of salt with at the . was glowing as he lead us each individually in a chant to summon a lesser spirit . were a good source of information like a . my went horribly . at the end of the chant all the went out leaving us with only the light of the glowing . " going out mean something " i said nervously after of silence . " not always " said back and to be next . ' s went way better than mine . her went out but a dark mass had in the pentagram . her head as if she was hearing something her tearing . when the figure she told us it was her late grandfather . she said he was of her and told her were his sword was buried for her to retrieve when she got back to . next up was and oh boy what a show his was . at the end of his chanting the burst forth blue like blow . a massive cloud with two shining purple for . " your noble ' s heart out to me . i will devour you entirely once it " came a growling voice in all our . " a lowly human ' t need such power ! " stepped forth and chanting trying to banish the apparition . the a brilliant purple causing to collapse in pain . stepped forward to take his place removing his shirt to reveal a pentagram over his heart . a giant scar ran down the center of his chest like from a surgery . i then i had never seen shirtless . we supposed he took his separate due to thinking he was a different class of person than us . the pentagram on his chest glowing hot red as spit put like curse . it took awhile but the purple faded and the black mass . once again we were left in darkness the glowing getting to his . " this sometimes " said sheepishly . the first time i had ever seen him not extremely confident and cocky . " what ' s a good catholic boy like you doing with a pentagram on your chest ? " i . " the pentagram is a symbol of power . it is not inherently evil . it on the will of the user " he curtly . " that was pretty cool " said . " i ' never seen a purple eyed demon . he must be big time . " " it ' s not a demon . it ' s something far worse " cryptically . this event officially ended the class for the night . was visibly shaken by what . on my walk back to the hanger i was lagging behind everyone . " ! " i a voice call from far away . i turned to look out into the darkness . it was mark looking pale and sad . " don ' t trust ma . ask about the spell " his voice in my head . then he was gone . i kept it to myself and the meaning . i knew whatever it was mark was looking out for me . finally we the end of training . and met us in the small room to give us our first mission . " your first mission wont be far from here and will accompany to and for unfinished business " spoke . " once our had the master over the zeta cartel this left a lot of young running around with freewill . we have or most of these but one up in a nearby village . " " his name is " continued for . " we received special training together . when he was turned he was to being a like me . " " when our master was he decided to make his own pack of under his control . he successfully turned everyone within his town with the exception of human lieutenant . all feral half turned under his mind control . he any ambassador sent . " " we will infiltrate and kill hopefully freeing as many under his control as we can " finished . " how many half turned " . " thirty to forty " . there were collective from all three of us . " you will be armed with state of the art weaponry and with a highly trained to accompany you ! " said a little angry . " all three of you have faced this enemy and ! where is your backbone your pride ? " " we can handle this " said like a pet . later that day we were driving towards the target town in an unremarkable white van . the inside was out with all of and . all four of us decked out in black ' s . i guess we were going to infiltrate at night . was the only one wearing something different . a rubbery black form fitting body suit with and . it kept him from glowing through his clothing like he normally did . he had a hoodie and black mask that could completely conceal his face . the mask was blank except of two round glass looking very ghoulish . " the local and police must provide food to for protection " said as he a map down between us on a bench . " the main road up to his villa mostly guarded by but the town is with half turned . " he said as he ran his finger along the map ' s road . " we must infiltrate the villa and kill . but if he is he will bring a swarm of half turned down on us . " he turned to point at " that ' s were i need my best fighter and shooter to be a stop gap between the town and the villa . if the horde is you must mount a defense on the villa . " pointed to a grenade launcher and m in the rack . " nice " i say under his breath . " is a devout worshiper of . he is to have a priestess living in the villa . that ' s were comes in if we need to combat her " he . " me and will go in for the kill . are you with killing ? " he me point blank . " i guess i have to be . if i have to kill at least let it be human " i said back nervously . i was we could just solid snake our way through the villa and get that silent assassin rank for just killing . sorry . i know i my first mission in this chapter but there was more setup than i and nowhere like a good place to stop . i ' crank out the next one quick . let ' s just say don ' t go solid snake during the cluck of a first mission . part . . r hdhrd i hunt reverse watch your six ? medium android source early my father was lucky enough to be hired by a relatively budding tech company . a social media site that at the time would have a slow start but prosper nonetheless . my dad worked for twitter . it t then what it is now hell no one had any idea what it would become . the idea of it fading into obscurity back then was much more real in fact it was so real that it the deep root of a lot of fighting between my . this story t about my dad s job at twitter nor is it about the screaming that would follow . i just had to mention this first part so you can get a proper understanding of the . as a result of the hire we had to move all the way from lone tree colorado to sunny . the office was in san but given the expensiveness of and the fact my dad was one of those that don t believe in we instead to relocate nearby . after selling our old home and thanks to family and a lot of yard we bought a decent looking home a little east of . it was a foreclosure which is why we got it so cheap . the past owner from what we was a shifty . t talk to anyone t draw attention t even go out during the daytime . all that strangeness was only the night he . our best guess was that he might have caught wind that the were after him and decided to just cut his and leave . a decision that greatly us . it was a relatively big house . two three two and one odd little basement . when we got the house we were given seven different . two were master for the front and back two interchangeable for the main one for the guest room and two for the on the basement . it odd to me that such a small room two . it odd to all of us really but who could we ask ? the previous owner was god where and it t like the city anything before it up on sale . they never do with . so out of we it up to a shifty man s shifty nature . when we took a look inside it only got stranger . see the only thing in there was in that dim room was a loud old boiler . the that connected to it to flow like a maze . you t hear yourself think in there hell you t sit in there for more than before starting to sweat harder than a in heat . i think that s why the door was so heavily so the noise t carry further than a low rumble and a few quiet . once the door was shut the only way you could hear anything was if you actively tried to . in the emptiness of the house however it quietly . after the heat got to us we turned our attention back to the move . i t exaggerating about how many yard we had . when we everything in it was really just the bare . a couch our our old box and a few nick here and there . it was so empty you could hear a mouse and listen to it carry and bounce off the wood and through the house . it t that long before we were done i got the downstairs bedroom . i was a at the time and in my mind it would be easier to sneak out if i t have to go down all those creaky late at night and back up to early in the morning . as i laid in bed that first night i how old the place was . the wood would creak and moan when the water would flow the would shake and bang deep under the belly of the house . the thing that me out the most though was the screeching from the boiler . it was quiet almost inaudible but i could hear what i thought was the of soft screaming coming from that double locked room . it came and it went always by the banging of the . just the water heating in the boiler i whispered to myself . as i slept the sound carried into my giving me of and awful . the next morning was the start of a . the musty smell of the house s old through my nose and soured my breakfast . whatever meat was still clinging into those was definitely rotting . in a house like this it t be a shock if a rat had curled up and between the . i d of it really . after we had eaten our hearty breakfast of milk and my had left to do some furniture shopping . we t have any money yet so really it was just window shopping . nonetheless after they were gone i out of my skull took a walk to explore the neighborhood . the sat in a pile by the door not knowing which is which i took them all and them down my pants pocket . the first thing i was how decrepit everything was . the were full of and the full of . i won t lie to you some of it was pretty good . there was a neat little mural someone had done of a young looking girl on a brick wall . she had a halo and was sitting on the in small black writing next to the artist s signature it read come back home . whoever painted the mural probably put up the . they were old by the sun and faded . the ink had been smeared and runny from the rainy so whoever she was i t say . i could say though she was the most recent of the three . . weaver and the mysterious miss x . had last been seen two from here about three and miss x just two streets down . i t stand to look at their for too long their smiling to pierce right through me . it stupid i know but i felt my sting and burn as the to fall . i turned quietly and around for another ten before the heat got to me and i it a day . fumbling with key after key i finally got the door to open . my had yet to come home as i the front door behind me and sat alone on the couch . the empty silence was only broken by the screeching of the boiler and the bang of the . the rancid stench of something dead was much worse now as was the heat . i every window but the smell just to leave . then i something . the heat ! that s what s making it worse . once again with the i tried to open the basement door . once inside i was hit with the full power of the stench . i nearly as the smell of death filled my nose . i myself whether or not to just turn back . as i edged closer to the boiler i it for anything that would turn it off . i t exactly have any idea what i was looking for maybe a valve or a switch but by god was i looking . i spotted something just behind the boiler . shining just behind light s reach was the shimmering edge of something round . the valve i thought . now that i had found it there came the hard part how to reach it without burning myself . i t want to shove my arm in there but it t look like any other option . the nearby had left what like just enough room for my arm to slide in carefully without making contact . slowly carefully i as gently as i could . as my made contact i myself . as the weight of my hand on the shape my blood froze . i the unmistakable sound of a shriek coming from just behind my . i nearly fell face first into the red hot but caught myself before i did . i had without thinking my hand had a piece of burning iron and the smell of freshly searing flesh filled my . i in pain as i fell on my back . the banging of the was now rhythmic even like a drumbeat something awful was to come . it to swallow me up and surround me deafening my . i ran as quickly as i could up the nearly falling on my face as i the door behind me . almost at once the banging stopped . i my hand as fell . when my came home they nearly had a heart attack . they found me white as a sheet with the skin on the palm of my hand nearly bubbling and peeling off . i told them i fell looking at the boiler while i was messing around in the basement . i t want them to think i was crazy . i was up on adrenaline and the sound was just the water working through the system . the either were just the or just the sound of my blood and heart beating as a response to the pain and the sudden scare . i got it up and taken care of at the hospital . when we got home it was sometime near sunset my dad had decided the would keep us warm and it was probably best to shut off the boiler anyway . i watched like a hawk as he the switch opposite the metal beast standing quietly in the dark for a moment before i him out . it was over . i was tired and all i was to sleep . to dream it all away and forget about that damn basement . as i closed my i sat for an eternity listening carefully to the silence . as the sun went down i tried so hard to drift to sleep . it must have been only a half an hour later when my shot open to the of screaming and beating quietly once more . they to get and and more desperate even . they went in and out as i quietly . i no longer had the basement . my had taken them up to their room after what had . as the banging slowly drove me and i decided to act . i had to know what the hell was behind that boiler . i up the every creak of the wood shot icy fear up my spine and froze me in place . it felt like an eternity before i made it to the top i still had my room and front door key along with the guest key . i just the basement set and i was golden . i gently the door and inside . i could see them sitting on top of the drawer opposite me shining in the moonlight . creeping closer i them gently and turned to leave . i nearly had a heart attack when the banging again . as i stepped out and down the it to follow me . with every footstep i the bang harder and harder . as i slid the in and the click of the the world went silent . i the of my heartbeat flood my and felt my body fighting away the of fear as the boiler grew closer . i on the as i around the metal beast that stood before me . i felt it up and down before my on the hollow that it up . i had to give whoever designed this credit something as complicated as this winding front had to be painstakingly built around the boiler just to hold it let alone actually work . every pipe felt like a part to a puzzle and as i disarmed it i got a better picture piece by piece . as i the final pipe out of place and the ice cold iron golem out of the way i at the small keyhole that sat on the metal hatch in the darkness . after unsuccessfully trying the front door and main room i only had one option left . my the guest key as i . the fear and smell of rot and decay were all i could sense . quietly softly i slid the into the hole and turned . the door slowly with a long creak . inside through the light of the dim bulb fixed on the wall i saw the over shape of three young . they were tight like chained at the and sitting on the once hot that surrounded them . their skin had melted and glued to one another to the metalwork and covering them in scorch . in my horror i where the smell was coming from . i had upon weaver and the half eaten maggot filled carcass of miss x later to be as . i watched as the one locked her tired with mine and slowly the misshapen back of her bloody head against the crimson metal . i the chilling of the soft bang carry up and through the house . the police had been and rushed to the scene . the previous owner as graham had never really left the residence . he had made a rudimentary tunnel that led to the sewer system and is to have found a way out through one of the . evidence that he had frequently been in and out . even as recently as the night we in . he had the in one by one posing as a fake alias on different college chat and them when they at the spot in the nearby park he chose . there he would drug and transport them to his home . it s that he kept them locked away for over two feeding them and while he . . . while he their company . as the days went by he got more and more paranoid . when he saw the mural of he knew they were searching in the area and assumed it was only a matter of time before they found them . so he ran . he ran but he t stay away . although the department a they never found graham . we kept in contact with and after they received medical attention . they were left with some from the from the repeated self trauma to the head and large of mental anguish . unfortunately had lost the use of her left hand due to infection from both the untreated open wounds and the who would bite and eat at them . had of starvation and it is that in an attempt to destroy the evidence and hide the body graham fed both the and the two of remains . this was later proved to be true after and stomach of the were collected . during one of the press they were if they had been singled out by graham . after a moment of silence they the following story . we had for him to let us go spoke and after days of torture and abuse we kept why he was doing this and why he chose us . it took days of constant begging and screaming but when he finally he simply said it t have to be you it could been anyone . i sat in that for days sifting through . you were just the that the . after that we t ask anything else . this in . it s been nearly since these and nearly since the search for graham was a failure and off . it s been a long path back to normalcy for everyone involved but we tried our best . i can t tell you how many panic we each other through . after fourteen were finally starting to feel again . yesterday i got a message from . it was just a shaky picture of a crumpled letter . it had no return address and the only thing inside were three faded . as my took in the i felt my heart drop and my body break into a cold sweat . inside were the missing of and . all of which had a heart carefully framing each of their . at the bottom of each of them were three in a messy hurried scrawl . i miss you . you know how some have like ? they tend to hurt but i got used to it cause my father a blueberry farm and i to play out near where the were then came crying home because i had slice open my pair of jeans . i used to live in a small town nearby of the farm i just turned then . i was also a only child and i never really had a father . he always me " little farmer ' s sunflower " because of the brooch that i to wear over my denim jacket and yellow shirt . our farm had of so it was small . there was a greenhouse in the corner of our plot that we left abandoned after the top of the greenhouse on us . so it was pretty much in i to look at it because it me of my mother ' s disappearance after her car was found with only the window open . police stated that a large branch fell down on the windscreen she then and rolled out of the car . i thought that was a tad bit of a stretch as there was no sticks or leaf debris at the time . during the summer break one of my rose to come and see my farm during a call over the landline phone of course my father said yes he was a chill guy and he knew that i know enough about the farm . my yr old mind was so to have a friend over for the first time . when she came over my father had his working clothes on a picnic blanket shirt with a gray undershirt and some thick jeans to keep the blueberry off of him . his style of clothing still stuck to me somehow . ' s mother and father agreed for her to stay overnight so we can have more time in the farm . we had a good play with the and she even ate a leaf . but as soon she pointed out the greenhouse my heart sank . " what ' s that ? " her curious voice was so astatic . " oh it ' s the old greenhouse at the back of what we own " " . creepy ! why don ' t we go out there later at night or are you ? ? " my friend creepy stuff on the other hand i ' t want anything to do with being but i ' t want to show it so i a yes . later that afternoon there was a news report of someone ' s death in a nearby town it was a small child found battered and pricked to death with multiple and my father told me not to go outside tonight because of the news . i should have to my father but were made and are in the past . woke me up that night . i remember that the moon was full and it was about pm when my father was asleep . at the time i forgot about the shed until she me about my promise . so i lazily got up and a torch . it was dark way too dark so i the switch on the torch to turn it on . my friend was surprisingly dressed in her pants and a t shirt while i was in my outfit . as we got closer my were covered in but i continued to move forward wincing in pain as i my foot . at the greenhouse it had rust all over it but i was somewhat to see that it was still habitable the still grew even though we left the alone when the roof was . we found a ton of dead but soon stopped in our as there was a ink bottle full of blood and a note . " dear my dear . covered in dirt and . why is it not for you to desert me do you think i am invisible ? you and your father will suffer a terrible death just like a child battered to the bone . just like your mother that was thrown off a cliff . " i read in my head . i then immediately took the letter the blood ink and my friend to show to my father it ' t matter about the in my i had to tell dad . when he woke up he was out of his then us before telling the police . our case ' t go under the radar but we into the village . for most the welsh landscape is considered a hallmark of the country . the long rolling and vibrant green and brown flora attract many i myself included . my goal was to really capture the wildlife and beauty of the country through the medium of photography . around june th i left for a flight from to from there i went south to a hotel where i ' d be . the hotel was clearly old the outside being stone brick in moss it was akin to something you ' d see in medieval media . after an awkward and slow interaction with the man behind the desk he led me to my room . the small building had and matching in size although it felt strangely comforting and safe albeit cramped thank the lord i ' m not . my room was one of the more expensive they had on sale at a pretty nice price of a night . that might sound low but the other were much smaller in comparison . once i in i immediately that the room was immaculately clean the bed freshly made and the wooden floor missing any of the previous guest . to be honest i was for such a cheap price i was much worse maintenance even if the room was a bit cramped . although strangely under the bed there to be a small damp patch but i ' let that slide . the bed was in the of the room against the furthest wall from the door . it had an old faded flower pattern on it . it me of my grandma . i at that thought . on either side there was a bedside table and on the right there was a lamp the seemingly only light source in the room other than the main ceiling light . sure it was simplistic but i was only here for a few days and right now i ' t have the time or energy to worry . the old man had shown me where the bathroom was and it was also incredibly clean . i was given the impression that this used to be some sort of house that had been converted to a hotel . i locked the door and left my suitcase next to my bed i admired the gloomy weather through the window and then decided that the trip had been exhausting enough and i ' d already had dinner . i set an alarm for in the morning to catch a glimpse of the sun come over the horizon and i asleep in the rustic type bed listening to the rain hit the old on the roof . i woke up in a swimming pool . the room was lit with natural feeling soft sunlight shining in from small rectangular near the ceiling on the high . although it ' t the failing to light the entire pool up fully . i swam to the side and out there were no or any way to leave the room . through the high up all i could see was a white light . that ' s when i i ' t see the bottom of the pool . the light lit up a few of the top but it ' t reach far down enough to see the bottom . from where i was it almost endless staring into it made me feel strangely sad and empty but also curious . what would hell could a pool so deep hold ? that ' s when the first body came up . it was a guy . he was wearing normal everyday clothes some jeans and a black jumper . he ' d came from the bottom of the pool and just slowly up out of the darkness face down and limp . i anxiously for a couple of suddenly how strange the situation was . and then a second body came up . this one was wearing different clothes presumably a woman guessing from the pink jacket and skinny jeans . she was also face down and limp and also slowly to the top of the pool . i had no other option considering the lack of i sat on the side of the pool watching as body after body came up and occasionally fell down into the black abyss at the bottom of the pool . it was strangely peaceful . i must ' been there for maybe ten no twenty before something really strange . a body came up that i . it was my ex . i knew because she was wearing my hoodie that i let her borrow before we broke up because she had to move away to and she ' t want to even attempt long distance . i guess it was a going away present . staring at her now i how much i her of course i had on and the move had five ago but that ' t change the fact that she must ' been one of the i ' d ever met . her laugh through my mind as i all the we had . as i at her gently floating in the pool an idea crossed my mind " pull her out . you haven ' t spoke in " . i saw no reason to object and she was really close to the edge so i a bit closer to where she was and her arm i her in slowly until she was right by the side . then i froze . and an anger built in me . why did she have to leave me ? we were perfect together . we were fine as we were . i bet so many since then . i bet to her i was just another piece of meat to derive small pleasure from . did she even appreciate me for who i am ? did she even love me ? i her head by the hair and the in my head grew and faster until they were just a repeated line of you you you you and i her head up and then it back into the pool trying to cause as much pain as possible with the short . and i froze again . what am i doing ? i let go falling back onto my ass . and then a voice spoke up from next to me it was a voice calm and soothing . " that was both pathetic and pointless . you won ' t achieve anything like that " . i ' m for a couple of second before to mutter the " h hello ? " . " so what you here ? " . i confused ask " w what do you mean ? " . the voice still as soothing as it " well its not every day someone wakes up so surely you must have come for a reason . so i ' ask again what do you desire from this place ? " . i slowly stood up scanning the room for anyone who could be talking . " well ? " this time the voice was through the room . suddenly i felt a presence to my left there was a woman who almost seven foot tall with long brown hair and pretty average just standing there i immediately " what the ? " i . a grin spread across her face and she sat down on the edge of the pool her long dangling into it . i her . " i guess you really don ' t know why you ' re here " she finished with an almost childlike giggle . " where am i ? " was the first question i was able to ask . she immediately . " this is where you go when you first fall asleep before you can begin . " she continued " people who wake up in this stage are usually looking for something . or dead . " i at her in shock . " you ' re saying i could be dead ! ? " . she at this and for a moment looking me up and down . " its a possibility but a very small one . " i . that set my to rest for now . there was a moment of silence . suddenly she spoke up . " so what was that all about with you and that girl ? do you know her ? " i felt embarrassed been caught doing something so incredibly cruel . " n no that ' s not what i ' m usually li " she cut me off the soothing voice tinged with a slight trace of anger . " that ' t what i . why were you trying to hurt that girl ? " i . guilt up inside me . i to cry . i felt like a who was caught drawing on the table in school . " we used to date " i said . she ' t follow up so i continued " i was mad at her because she broke up with me but i don ' t know what came over me " . her response me but also set the i was feeling to rest . the anger in her voice was gone and the feeling was back . " so you took out what anger you had on her ? " i the shame clear in my voice " yeah . " another equally long moment of silence . " so who are you ? " i ask trying to break the silence . " i own the . " " ? so it ' s not just one ? " " nope there ' s an infinite amount . that ' s why it took me so long to find you . " " so are you like god some sort of deity ? are you going to judge me based on my ? " " in a way yes . i was to make sure the transition of the soul from the body to their is safe and nothing nasty in . i don ' t care about your " " though . not my job . " she . " wait what do you mean by something nasty ? " " well you know ? " " yeah ? " " those are the nasty . its like " bad water " in the pool . if the body in the " bad water " for long enough then they ' have a nightmare . it ' s quite simple . " another pause . curious i ask " so whats down there ? " " nothing good . you don ' t want to go down there . don ' t ever go down there . " " but " she practically at me " don ' t ever ever go down there " this and for what she would do if i on i the subject . " so when will i wake up ? " . she at me strange as if i had said something completely insane . " you can ' t " " wait what ! ? i ' m stuck here ? " her look of confusion grew me almost . i had forgotten that i was talking to something beyond my understanding . i myself this ' t a normal woman . " of course . i can ' t allow you to leave . knowing about this place is enough to bring you here . i don ' t want of people waking up here . oh maybe that ' s why you woke up here " she again the same childlike laugh from before . " maybe your mind too far from the path . to something close enough to this . " she " are a powerful thing unique for everyone " . for a second i at her in shock . i felt . there ' t much i could do . i ' t want to be stuck here forever what would happen to my body ? surely i ' d die eventually right ? then i her sweet smile and laugh and how she ' d light up my day i can see her again . ill escape and ill see her again and we ' fall in love all over again and and an idea into my head . jump for the pool . i at her and then at the pool . she was just staring into the water almost in a trance . i stood up she watched silently . i one foot onto the marble tile floor and into the pool headfirst before she could even register what i was doing . i swam as hard and as fast as i could down towards the bottom of the pool until my body felt tired . i could hear her screaming after me the sound through my body . it was so loud . then suddenly i was surrounded in darkness . i woke up . i was back in the hotel room . the were off . the only light was coming from the hall through the slightly askew door . i felt relief wash over me . wait ' t i lock the door ? heavy slowly came down the hall and i was . i ' t move anything . bang bang bang the stopped outside my door . there was a slight shuffling from the other side of the door and a hand wrapped around the side of it . my entire body felt like it was on fire it was like something from a nightmare . then the head peaked around the door . if i could feel my body i would ' . even looking back on it now i want to throw up . it was like something id never seen before . it was an old face except the were missing the entire face like it was loosely attached to her and her skin was a pale grey with a few loose of grey hair on her head . and then the door fully . she was completely naked . she onto all and across the room and onto the bed until she was directly above me her face from mine . her mouth devoid of anything inside . just an empty abyss . " you ' t have come here . " her voice was raspy and old it scraped against my like on a . her mouth ' t move fully when she spoke . a moment . she was breathing heavily . her breath smelt like . . . chlorine . i ' m still in the pool . " oh the i ' m going to do to you . . . " she my chin with her finger . " oh you ' re completely at my mercy . you ' t have come here i know that she told you not to come here . but you came anyway ' t you perhaps you granny so much ? " another moment . if i could move i would ' my pants several times over . she her face in front of mine still . " i haven ' t had a visitor in oh long . . . that stupid girl taking my precious away . . . " she closer . i tried to move . i tried to move every muscle in my body to escape but nothing would . i closed my . " oh you silly boy you can close your but you can ' t get away from me . the sun will be up soon . it ' s a shame to have to wait another night to see you again . i guess it can ' t be . " she slowly her face away from mine and slowly reversed out the room stopping at the door to say one last thing but this time her voice was different . it was the same as my . " sweetie i ' see you next time " and with that she the door shut leaving me in complete darkness . i think i out from fear . i woke up again in the hotel room my phone alarm on the dresser . i stood up as fast as possible and picked up my suitcase and turned off my alarm my heart racing so fast i thought it was going to burst out my chest . my attention was by the sun shining outside its light washing a sense of relief over me . i could hear outside and passing on the road outside . it was all just a dream . thank god . and then i at my bed . it was wet . it was really wet . and there was a smell in the air . it was familiar . i ' t place it at first . but then it . . . it ' s chlorine . i was thrown into a panic . i crying . no . no . no this can ' t be happening this can ' t be real . i just want to be home where i know i ' m safe . i all my stuff and left as fast as possible not looking back at the stone hotel . it ' t a place of fantasy . it was a place of . i took the first plane home and the second i got here i my and writing this now . my hurt from how fast been and i feel dizzy and tired . i will have to sleep soon . but i don ' t want to see granny again . it s been going on for the past several . no matter how long she there or how many she nothing to help her sleep . her say it s from the stress of the move but i know she s been dealing with it for longer than she on . we been together over two now and in that time i never known her to fall asleep easily . she and turns all night until she s finally able to rest . but by then she s only able to savor a couple of before her alarm ringing . it s been extremely straining on her and led to a very unusual sleep schedule . mostly of her falling asleep at random times throughout the day . she once out in the middle of fancy dinner causing spaghetti sauce to dump in her lap and all over her new dress . we tried her for sleep but the insurance from my new job t in yet and we can t afford to do it out of pocket . even though most people don t understand i know exactly what her up all night . she s always dealt with anxiety and she most of her time worried about different in her life . her mother s sickness was always a concern along with her sister ' s new baby and work was a constant worry no matter what was going on . we were that getting settled into the new place would help calm her and let her rest . but the first night was just like the rest lots of tossing and turning and another evening for her to spend on the couch watching and to fall asleep . i tried everything i could to make her feel better i even tried awake with her some nights just to make sure she t feel alone . but doing that just turns us both into grouchy and she said it s better for at least one of us to get some shut eye . it always my heart when i wake up in the night to hear her head towards the couch but i know there s nothing i can do . last night however something had . i got into bed around and it t long before she got up and headed towards the living room . the light from the found it s way down the hall so i turned my body away from the door and tried to ignore it . i ' m not sure how long it was before i fell asleep but my slightly when i the door behind me slowly creak . i over at the alarm clock to see the time was midnight . i felt the weight of her body lay in the bed next to me slowly wrapping her arms around me . i closed my again and whispered i m glad you ' re tired i hope you sleep well . she t say anything not surprising considering she was probably already drifting off . we slept like this for the rest of the night until i woke up the next morning and found that she was gone . seeing a note on the bar that said she went to try out the new gym down the street . i took the extra day off to start the we had up . getting a pretty good chunk of it done by the time she got home . we spent the rest of the day our new place and a movie marathon . before we knew it it was time to go to bed . i her if she felt tired from today but once again she said no . i resigned myself to another night alone while she kept watching on the couch . it ' t long before i was up again by the sound of the door open . her soft hand laid on my chest as she slipped under the . i t open my as she came in to fall back asleep quickly . the rest of the week was just like the first two nights . i d fall asleep while she was on the couch and be in the middle of the night to her creeping back into bed . i was glad she was finally getting some sleep but i to see if she felt comfortable giving a full night ' s sleep another chance . i until after dinner one night before i her what she thought . huh ? she said giving me a puzzled look . you just been sleeping so well the past few nights and i was you could try falling asleep in bed with me again . what do you mean ? i haven t been sleeping well . i was at this seeing as how she was getting more than her normal two . you been coming to bed around every night that s some good progress . her face turned from that of confusion to concern her staring harder into mine . babe i don t know what you re talking about . i could hear the worry in her voice and i to get nervous you been coming to bed every night this week . i thought that you might have been getting more sleep . her worried turning fearful i haven t been coming to bed i haven t left the couch once all week . my heart i could feel my body turn cold as the realization hit me . i quickly her hand and ran out the door . stopping at the nearest hotel i could find i my realtor and her about the house . she on the phone when i her about any weird that have in the past you know the house been on the market so long that i can t remember hearing about anything odd . her voice trailing off as she through some i know i got it here some oh there it is i knew i had it . the phone growing quiet i m sorry . shepherd there t anything about strange on in the house . my anxiety only grew and my mind was fishing for are you sure ? i my and i have had some strange happen lately . no nothing on file she said through the the only thing i have on here is a note from the previous owner saying that the closet door in the bedroom often at night . it ' s hard to talk about the house . the i went through by myself or with my come easier but anything my just me up . when dad got the notice that he ' d the house it ' t have come at a better time . the apartment we were living in was starting to fall into disrepair and the ' t want anything to do with it . we were far from rich and my both worked long . a house with no mortgage landed in their and who ' t take that ? the left our furniture where we ' d them to and that left me and dad with the to unpack . i had a bunch of and that i ' d collected and i was finding to put them around my new room . the house was old and drafty and each night after my went to bed i leaving my room altogether . i ' d just turned sixteen but something about my room and the hallway just beyond it gave me the and i the darn like a toddler . on the third night i found myself in a conundrum i was thirsty and i had to pee . both me to leave my room to creep through the dark of the house and i considered out the window and just thirsty . i was old enough to scold myself into being more mature than my fear and i set out into the hallway purposefully keeping my attention trained on the bathroom door . i made it into the bathroom and to the toilet my leg up and down as i hurried to finish my business there . i ' d just the toilet the sound of the water in the bowl breaking the silence when i feeling like something was off . the shower curtain was closed and in my mind i some sort of beast waiting there . her hair was stringy and patchy her spine was bent and and her clawed hung limply . her were sallow and her mouth was overcrowded with chiseled jagged teeth . i knew that she was there just on the other side of the curtain breathing in . i could hear her . that was impossible though . there ' t be something laying in wait in the bathtub . then the curtain . it just as though someone had run their hand over the shower liner and i from the room . my down the and i ' t care if i woke my up . i hit the landing turning to run down the rest of the past the basement door into the darkness of the kitchen . a plug in night light illuminated one counter shedding some light on the rest of the room . i a snack cake out of the metal pantry then to grab a plastic cup from the cabinet . i turned on the cold tap filling the cup up several times as i down the water . the third time i the cup the water tasted strange like metal . i ' d had my lip busted a few times in my life and i knew the taste of blood when it hit my tongue . the plastic cup in the sink as i hurried to switch off the tap then i switched it on again seeing if there was some sort of blockage or air bubble in the line . i checked the color and texture of the water and it fine and clear but when i took a sip of it the taste of blood was unmistakable . " the " is " i said to myself frowning in disgust . i the snack cake peeling the top layer of chocolate off of it when i the scraping coming from somewhere beyond the basement door . again i assumed that the plumbing was acting up . i was exhausted so i finished my snack quickly the wrapper then towards the staircase . there was a hard thud against the basement door that it to rattle just as i it . i stood there for a moment frozen and uncertain that i ' d anything . nothing else and i slowly inched towards the keeping my on the door to the basement . all was quiet and i made my way up the old wooden yawning as i up to the second floor . i blinked heavily and when i my my vision caught on a knothole in the middle of the second set of . it like it was moving and i down on my and to look at it closer . there was another twitch and i stuck a finger out to poke the knot wondering if it might have been a bug around . suddenly a large orange eye filled the entirety of the hole . " i see you ! " a voice half sang . i fled up the through the hallway and into my room . i the door shut locking it with the skeleton key in the knob and then i onto my bed in my . i must have sat there for before i finally dozed off to sleep convincing myself that i was and i ' d had too much sugar . i ' m not sure what time it was except that it was pitch dark outside my bedroom window when i woke up to my ankle being on . " what ? huh ? " i . " i ' m sleeping . " there was one more tug at my ankle and then the sensation of a hot slick tongue ran from the base of my heel to the of my . i was suddenly wide awake and completely disgusted . i both of my up towards me looking down to the end of my bed but there ' t anything there to be seen . just empty air and the sound of me trying to catch my breath . " i was ' . just ' . just asleep . " i over to see that my door was still locked my window was still shut and i was totally alone . i tried to go back to sleep passing off the moisture on my right foot as night . sometimes i miss those days when i could convince myself i . i still don ' t know what my foot that night . xb if you haven ' t read the story of bend you can find the first installment below . bend there are many that make me afraid . i ' m sure it ' s the same for everyone else . in this world there are that don ' t make sense . that cannot be by the human mind . there are that our brains refuse to see or remember because they are just too great and terrible and will shatter the spirit irreparably . the trail of with bark that as far as the eye can see is one of them . i always try to follow it . i used to want to find where it ended or why it was there . now i think it ' s just a bad habit i can ' t break . my faithful dog scout with me . his heaving and our as we cross the forest floor are the only in existence . there are no . no no or deer . just me and scout . and the . then there ' s the . the gaze of wooden twisted in agony the of which i can only imagine that me no matter which way i turn . they cannot speak but in their dull i see all that is left unspoken . they watch us follow the trail and after we give up and turn back it is then them who us as we watch the shiver and reach out as if longing for the touch of something familiar . these make me afraid . they make me want to lock myself inside and never emerge again . they make me want to spend my life hidden away from the troubling reality that my brain cannot escape from . not now that i have seen . and what exactly is it that i have seen ? the ? everyone can see the . their brains still hide the mind numbing existence of the by some unknowable hand and the of the bark it wordlessly for comfort . no it is not the that keep me aware . perhaps then it is not at all what i have seen . could it be what i know ? knowing is different than seeing . i have proof of that in the blank of that i have seen in the . they see they see the bark and the tormented but they do not know them . not like i do . they see scout and they marvel at the patch of darkness splashed across his snow white pelt . they coo and wave at him without knowing where the darkness is from or how deep inside of him the have spread . they choose not to know about the mold that his body and taken over my once living friend . they stare directly at his throat and still do not understand that an innocent life been stolen by the very that they choose to protect them from the world outside the forest . they don ' t see the either . there are more than i can count . of people young people mostly in a layer of tree bark that them from the view of the many ' s . sometimes i wonder if it is their i see watching me but the are dead . the are not . none of that is what me the most afraid though . the most terrifying thing is the fact that these horrific are everywhere . scout and i have countless and . not a single one was safe and the people that relax in their shade are none the wiser . finally and bought a fish . haven t had a chance to write here for a while getting sorted for the meeting then all the stuff with mum so there s no mention of fish but seriously she s been on about it for ever since we went to the chippy of all ! non stop can we get a fish ? can we can we mummy ? daddy it s . i a good mind to give daddy a good talking to kick his lazy arse into gear for once . she s six for goodness sake and he she be a responsible pet owner ? well i ' m not sure i think that muggins is get stuck looking after it . crossed jane . anyway she was still enthusiastic after her amazing evening this year even miserable . was all so i decided to take her to pick one out as a reward . the tank t cheap despite it being a low range one . just a round plastic thing about tall and maybe half of that across . it s got a good two in one filter and light thingy on top that was a pain to fix on . took and i out her first tooth ! i ' m sure it t a pleasant sight made her twist it round and round and round till it came right out apparently . still sad i my little girl s first tooth . that me must get a cute little box to keep them all in for when she up just like mum did for us . i also bought gravel bright pink obviously and some for the fish to hide in when els her sticky on the . it s a neon tetra according to the woman at the shop though she said it s not quite like one she s ever seen before . marketing ploy no doubt . although i say that they re for their glow but the one i pointed out to els t just stick to one colour . it brilliant blues and and like big of washing up liquid do . it s gorgeous . xb as t the most devoted fish owner . one week . one bloody week and she s forgotten that it s not just a house plant though even house need watering every now and then . we fed it together before bed for three nights before the novelty wore off and she returned to the classic bed time routine the bath by trying to climb out the window . do really wish their t grow up ? mine s a little gremlin . i tried to persuade to show her how to clean it out yesterday to get her interested again but no . that was too much effort for . x box all day . it t my decision to buy the fish i t looking after it . t he the best ? well i had no idea how to do it but a quick tutorial and nip to the for a tiny net . and i was all set . i m a resourceful woman thank you very much . just not a very compelling teacher apparently . els ran off to her after two of me showing her how i was the old water . i admit it s not the most thrilling job and i know how excited she is to play an ugly step sister but i thought it might be a fun activity to do together . mother daughter bonding or something . i know s never going to do it . but i suppose i can t complain i saw it coming and really should stuck to my on the fish issue . xb i know i ' m writing about nothing but the fish though i could quite easily vent again about the s all of the night but it s really taking over my bloody life . i had to clean it out twice since i last this . should be roughly once a week according to the web so something s definitely up . maybe the filter s broken . at least it t too expensive . anyway the stuff that i had to scrape off the sides of the tank t been quite like anything shown me . it s really pretty honestly quite a shame to have to clean it . but it the whole inside so quickly that we struggle to see . that s its name apparently . stupid . he better . anyway i two of my own hard for him so i ' m get my money s worth out of it as a nice feature piece in the living room . the i don t know what to call it algae or whatever like the fish does and lovely when we turn the right down in the and when they re off completely at night . i may just leave it i read that can be bad for the fish and i t hurt him . it was originally in s room but she that the trickling was driving her mad such a drama queen but i can see where she s coming from . even through the wall i could hear it from our bed . he t but that s he s got wax in his to stop him hearing what i ' m saying . we it downstairs into the living room but even now very late at night i can hear the sound of the filter up water and spewing it out of the top . trickling like an old man a wee but non stop . xb i told els about the tooth fairy today . just out of the blue . i don t know what came over me . we were i ' m writing just before bed trying to ignore the snoring slab of when so excited bless her me that her other wobbly had come out . she gave me this huge grin me the gap where her two front teeth had been and said the tooth fairy will come tonight ! . and then i was this feeling of before i knew what i was doing i just said she s not real darling but i give you p . if you care that much . god i ' m the worst mother on earth . her face how could i do something like that ? she herself in her room and t let me in . what can i do ? was no use he just . for god sake after his daughter had run out crying . and then he just carried right on eating . i nearly took my frustration out on the filter to knock something loose and stop it working . i seem to hear the trickling everywhere in the house now . even in the spare room it s constant like hearing when you live on a motorway . except the sound of traffic t make me need to wee every five . xb came round . terrible dye job her hairdresser s done . told me about lis for an offer from but i t concentrate . all morning as i prepared the house and making sure we had cake the bloody noise was in my ear like when she won t shut up about something . constant mummy mummy mummy except it s . i turned the filter off before thinking it would manage for an hour or two without it but it s the and most thing . i could still hear the trickling . it s like it s been into my brain the way carve in . it s my peace of mind . but i ' m use to that s been chipping away for . he got home from work today and cracked open a beer before he d even said hello to his daughter . well i gave him a piece of my mind very clever jane and i ' m i did . always keeping it bottled only writing in here whenever he does something that s not right but i don t know what . i just stood in front of the and told the ignorant prick not to take this family for he should appreciate both me and more i say . and then miracle he put the beer down and went to play for twenty whole . proof he can be just needs a bit of grunt work . xb fish update because that s apparently what this is for now the whole tank usually with a kind of blue light but since i turned the filter off and back on a few days ago the algae or whatever it is on the inside turned reddish kind of black no colour that i ever seen before . i know that s ridiculous but i can t describe it . and it s me a little . i don t like to go near it when i have to feed the fish . but of course i do feed him . sadly i haven t actually seen him much lately there s so much algae in the tank and he in with the new . i can t clean it fast enough so i given up altogether . i might have to find him a new home . xb also today i made a employee cry because she was getting lippy with me and i told her off . she was sarcastic and disrespectful so i told her to wipe off all the orange stuff that s on your face and have some respect . i don t know how to feel part of me was really guilty i just sort of ran off embarrassed but then part of me the cow deserved it . oh i need a holiday i think just some time away from everyone . and the trickling . xb came over after school to run with els today . she s the other ugly step sister and more appropriately cast i d say just as excited . i left them to it made a and them out in the garden . should twigged they d get muddy becomes such a filth monster when s around and guess what . . . they tracked a ton of dirt into my pristine kitchen . well i told them i ' m no and that i t be cleaning up the mess . maybe i t have at them quite as hard as i did two little in t the best thing for s mum to walk in on but . no i t have . i said sorry at dinner but i think was still a little upset . but she s six for sake when will she grow up . xb i this diary to make myself laugh and vent about . but the way i ' been writing recently really quite me as i read it back . it s especially bad in the i can see through where i crossed out and i read them like i ' m reading somebody else s writing . i don t remember writing that but i do remember doing a lot of scribbling . i hate how irritable i am . but i also hate how everyone always me off especially at the minute . the latest phase is gymnastics and she s already broken one vase . will put my foot down hard if she does one more indoors . xb it s making me go mad . i m it s i say out loud which i t of saying before . like in the week i really upset . gardener about the the i wish i could i just snapped at her . we got home from els up and she was leaning on the fence as i got out the car just wanting to say hi i ' m sure . she said something about the sky stupid old crone and i interrupted her by almost shouting get your in at night they drive me insane . when i what i d said i something about not being able to sleep to make it sound better but my daughter as an excuse ? and not even a truthful one ? ? god that s awful . although maybe it s not a lie i don t know how she can sleep with the filter going all night . she t it since we the tank out of her room but i hear it . all the time i hear it . it s to play in my head even when i ' m not in the house like a song that s stuck . but no melody just water . and not splashing or flowing or babbling or gurgling . trickling . trickling . xb i forgot to cook dinner tonight . you d think might think about doing it one night out of the week even just offer to but no . i got distracted in the living room . the was on i think but i was just looking for the fish amongst the . the sound of the filter t so bad once you re up close in fact it s kind of and i was sat in the small chair my face so near the tank . and then i felt a hand touch my shoulder . it was . he if i was . his shake was so tentative like he was afraid to touch me as he should be how he had the audacity and his voice was also soft . he if i d made food . i at the clock and saw that three had three and he t where i ' d been or what i ' d been doing . and i t tell him . well no i was looking at the fish . he s so beautiful . xb i i m the th i i a cat . i one of . with my car and i knew what i was doing but i kind of t think about it i just saw it and this rage through me like nothing i ' felt before i reversed when i saw it in the wing mirror . i m so sorry oh god i ' m so sorry i picked the poor thing up ran to the garage and it in an old box under a tarpaulin . it s there i don t know what to do i don t know what to do it felt so good . xb . at school at half five said i ' d be in the audience and left . i m writing this in the living room my nice empty house . told to get to the play or else i d neuter him with my teeth would be the first time in a while my mouth s down there . need a real man need to no i just need to be here . just me and him . how i ever thought of him i never understand or stop being sorry for . i m sorry . he is all i need . all i need to feel like a real person like the powerful woman i always been . i understand now how the trickling is beautiful . it s blissful sat here in its glow . thank you . i m glad we took the tank out of the little bitch s room she t deserve it all to herself . no one does no one but me . forever it should be like this forever . when the little home with her pig father i make sure it stays like this make sure my house stays nice and empty . just me and him and the trickling . xb the cold night air to slap me in the face . i walk along the dusty dirt road i can barely hear the of the highway in the background but i m walking far away from that from everything . i feel alone i can only hear the howling of the or the occasional bird chirp . there s nothing to see out of the ordinary only me and the . i lose myself in my and then i remember the i been trying to forget my brother s death . the still feel raw . he was last night and they found him in the abandoned cottage a few ago . my brother ' s best friend had found him there she into the body after a friend had her to enter the cottage which was to be . this was a popular thing to do among the youth of the town and perhaps a fatal mistake by his killer as they the odds of the body being found . however the police force in our town t exactly to be so rather than turning to them she ran towards our house and told my mother and she was drunk at the time like always but it hit her like a truck . she was . she sent me out to find him something i was definitely not looking forward to but for my mother can be done . i the abandoned cottage and up the and the cracking door . the cabin was empty the were broken and tiny for glass lay upon the rotting . on those there was a dotted trail of blood which i . the trail let to the body . it was covered in blood some of his major lay beside him covered in many different bodily . the man that was once my brother lay dead on the ground . i wish i t have to kill him but he knew to much and was going to spill it . found out though a friend of a friend that he on going to the provincial government with our secret drug operation he could have had us all so he to be shut up . honestly he should have seen that coming . had put up a good show to be the heartbroken and i just to clean up the mess in case someone upon this mess like his friend . looking down at his body i do feel a pang of regret i truly wish that it t come to this . i slowly begin to clean up the mess and slowly any proof that i him . i take the knife out of the body there was still blood dripping from it like a melted ice cream cone . suddenly i begin to cry the were running down my face . i tried to ignore it but soon it overwhelming i sat down against a rotting wall with my head in my crying . i just my brother . the realization hit me like a bullet i had my own brother . i sat there alone the lone body of my brother wasting away near the door . i continued crying completely forgetting to try to act cold and kept it together . then i hear i brush it off thinking it s just a mistake it s just a broken branch with like a footstep . the odds of someone coming here right now in slim . a thought shot into my head what if it s the the ? what if for once in my life the actually care about a murder ? i the sound of getting and almost . my breathing and my heart is faster and faster until i think it s going to explode . then suddenly its dead silent the wind even stopped blowing . everything is quiet . i can t hear anything almost as if i m deaf then suddenly i hear a ringing that slowly and until it s all i can hear . the ringing to fade and i hear a coming from the closet . i quickly turn my head towards the closet and it slowly to open and even . creak . creak . creak . the door to open and i think i see a body inside it but it s not a human . it s face is narrow and sunken in its jaw lay open bone clearly showing . it s skin was leathery and melting off and where the should be were large empty . the empty skull was filled with a black mist unlike anything i ever seen . then the mist to leave the body it slowly but spend up speeding toward me . it formed into a large hand and my neck and to choke me . i for air but to no relief . suddenly the rest of the mist turned into a large face one that i had seen a million times . my brother s . his gaze was now stone cold and lifeless . his face now more narrow and drained not to mention he s surrounded my the black mist . you . . . he begun his voice crisp and full rather than its usual joyful tone or excitement . took . . . my . . . life . he added his voice filled with anger along with the chill . and now . . . you will . . pay ! his voice was now pure anger nothing like in life . the grip and until i hear a crack and my body to the ground i m nearly dead i can feel it the life is leaving my body it s becoming numb and i m resisting my . i t be alive right now . and now . . . you will be . . for your . he the coldness more evident than ever . i up one last time to see the face before the darkness me and i feel nothing . nothing at all . hello dear i have written this looking for anyone who may be able to find us and figure out what ' s going on . i recently decided to return to my home town in southern with my sister and a few . we all decided to spend some time at the river which is up in the by small dangerous isolated . we went out early this morning driving the van up the and parking it on a shoulder of the road by a steep path . we went about our day swimming drinking a few going down the daring each other to jump from high possibly dangerous . how you ' d expect to go about their day enjoying the sunshine . it was all a rather normal day up untill about p . m . when we a loud noise . we assumed it was a tree falling or a car accident and ' t think much of it . about an hour later some time around what should have been p . m . we decided to leave . we up the mountain and were by the discovery of what had the noise . the van was a few down the road practically backed into a tree with horrific scratches and the front . a believer of the paranormal i immediately out screaming " what the could have possibly that ? " a friend of my sister ' s hurried towards the van out his and unlocking it . with the most casual nonchalant expression on his face he simply said " calm down d . s . it was probably a rock tumbling down the cliff and scraping the van . " " we would have seen a boulder on the trail ! " i was . how could he be so casual about something so strange ? my buddy without saying a word me back and directed me towards the van . that was that for the time being . at least until our came back into service . our friend at her phone and quickly " that ' s strange ! " apparently her phone ' s clock said p . m . everyone else checked their and we were all in the same boat . our had stopped right around the time the sound came from the mountain sides . we tried refreshing and our . nothing . checked his watch " it ' s stopped too . your watch ? " my sister dug into her bag and a light pink watch on her wrist . " . . " throughout the entire car ride i got the feeling we were being . the eerie and uncomfortable feeling of being watched . i saw some sort of shape rustling in the beside the car . i to speed up . he ' t . was sure this was all just paranoia . he was proven wrong when the image of the town was . . . off to say the least . no one nothing was moving . on and wind a light breeze but the sun stayed in the same place the people frozen in the the wind had no effect on anyone around us and mid air . my dog to scruff up his hair hunch over and growl staring behind the van . no radio were working but i swear i a voice in the static . we drove to my brother ' s house only to see him and his wife staring blankly at a . was on his wife had a controller in her hand but the game was not being . his dog stood still stuck through the air . we the town for a while . and work but and are all static and any clock that we could find had stopped . who were assumedly skipping above pavement on were stuck until we touched them a man in a car sat frozen with a look of shock on his face the light post he hit between the sky and the sidewalk . everyone everything was stopped in time . we to leave the town everything was stuck regardless of city . we went to my grandma ' s house and around once again . she sat on her couch remote pointed at the her dog beside her motionless . we around her neighborhood debating what was going on and what to do . we stopped at a nearby park dipping our in the now motionless water . " we could have hit a time vortex " . " we ' re just outside of time " i repeated . " ! " excitedly out . " no ! " we all turned our attention to . " ' t real . time travel ' t real . what the is this ? you can ' t be serious . " " dude " said " you ' re seeing this as well as we are . this is real . we ' re living this . what possible explanation do you have for this ? " stayed quiet and down on the himself from us and not making eye contact . we assumed he was and upset so we sat in silence for the next few . i threw in the water for my dog him to play with the small river i used to not let him go near . we lost track of time with no actual passage of it . we have no concept of how long we sat there . i think was crying . abruptly broke the silence " where ' s ? " my sister he was mad at us and simply off fir some space . i had a gut feeling we were being watched . i admitted it and we go look for him . we traveled through the blackberry and overgrown grass . it was oddly comforting like being a . we made it up to the playground and suddenly were by screaming . ' s body sat at the end of the path . his torso was . he was but his were nowhere in sight . he had his neck torn into looking like a bite . that ' s when i saw it a disturbing creature sitting on a tree trunk near by . some sort of person . dark green skin tightly around it ' s body . it ' s were fully black . it had an extended torso with of sticking out the sides . it ' s mouth was the worst part . it as though it ' s face had been torn open in the shape of a smile . i covered ' s and whispered to and to look over at the tree . " we need to get out of here . quick . " took ' s from his pocket . i put my dog on my . we all and rushed back to the van . we ' been sitting here for assumedly . it ' s all locked up and we ' agreed not to look out the . it we ' re in here . it we saw it . we ' been hearing scraping and pounding on the side of the van . it ' s waiting . please if anyone out there can read this my name is d . s . and my and i need safety and shelter . we need to be somewhere it no access to . our death is inevitable at this point . i really love this world . the colors the . all the beauty of the people and their . everyone their own . inner rich and complex beyond our . i ' m miss that . let me explain i ' m a medium . i talk to . i ' seen them ever since i was a small child . when i was old i saw a woman standing at the foot of my bed . she was very pale except for a band of deep dark red around her neck . she just stood there looking at me . i waved at her . she her head and her as if she ' t understand . then she . i later she must have been . only who violently show themselves without being . i kept seeing them . not often but once or twice every couple of i ' d see someone . they ' d be well not quite pale . at first i thought they were . but as i saw them more i it was more like they were drained of color . . except for a dark red black mark showing the wound that them . they ' d never say anything just look at me . then a moment later they ' d vanish . i saw men even some . but never . i never saw the spirit of a child . until last week . i ' d been doing some reading . looking up what other people had to say about seeing . maybe if there was some way i could communicate with them i could help them somehow . i to help them . they so sad . " ? " i froze . i lived alone a little studio apartment out in . the door to the building was locked and my apartment was the same . i had no . i up . there was a little girl standing by the side of my bed where i was lounging with my book . she so much like me . long blonde hair . . glasses that too big for her face . she almost exactly like i had back in first grade . she was colorless just like the rest of them . with a deep red black line leading from her right shoulder down through her and down the inside of her left thigh . who could do that to a child ? " ? i ' m thirsty . " her voice me . i ' d never a spirit speak before and she so real so alive . she must ' thought i was her mother . i to ask " do you want me to get you some water ? " but i was barely through the third word when she . i ' t get much more reading done that night . normally when i ' d see a spirit i ' d never see the same one again . but the next night i that innocent tiny little voice again . " ? i ' m . " i up from the i was cooking . there she was standing right outside my kitchen by the bathroom . i right into her and she back . she was pale just like every other spirit i ' d seen . but her were bright alive . now that i thought about it i ' t remember if the had like that . " ? " before i could say anything she . the world came back into focus color came back to the world around me and only then did i it had left . the world had gone gray and fuzzy while i ' d at her . fire alarm was going off . i back to the stove . my was burnt beyond recovery . i quickly turned the stove off and got the fire alarm to quiet itself . set up a fan to blow the smoke out the window . that was strange . the pot had plenty of water in it it ' t have boiled away and burned like that unless it was on for way longer than i ' d been standing there . i at the clock . . . not really helpful since i had no idea when i ' d cooking . i and ordered some pizza . two in one week i deserved a treat . i spent some time on the looking at crime in local . not that i really to find anything but . i had to try . i ' t get her out of my head . the next day the next time she came her voice ' t the first thing i . it was the way the world around me dimmed . the movie i was watching slowly lost all color and the sound distorted and broken up . " ? h h h me ! " i at her . there was that pale gray face . and the dark her chest . and those bright . they were looking at me i . staring into me pleading with me to help her . the unreality of everything and the darkness all around me and those piercing . . . i almost ' t notice the way her voice too had been broken and distorted until after she . i my . i ' t have very many but and had been with me for we ' d made it through high school together . they both knew about my but we ' t really talk about it . they never me . they were good like that . they knew there were some that ' t need to be about . so when i them up barely able to keep my voice steady to go out tomorrow night they both agreed readily enough . we went out to the baby bar . i had a greyhound ordered a long island iced tea and got a double margarita . we were chatting and laughing and brushing off the men that tried to hit on us . it was nice . and both knew something was going on with me though . i ' t doing a very good job it . i kept glancing around the bar watching for the girl to show up . i did more staring at my drink than drinking it . it was that finally broke the subject . " hey you doing alright ? you ' been acting weird all night . are you y ' know . seeing again ? " i continued to stare into the bar hallway the one leading to the back office . i thought i saw something but i ' t be sure . " i see people not " i offhandedly . " dead people but still people . " " big difference " . " have you been seeing people then ? " " yeah . there ' s this girl . she showing up to me . i ' never seen someone more than once but she . . . i ' seen her three times now . the last three nights . and there ' s this wound h h h h h h e r sho o o o o u o u u ? l ? l ? l ? l ? l ? l ? r r r r r r r r r . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . r r . . . . . " i off as i i ' t hear myself right . something was wrong . ? . no that ' s not right . that ' t have been a question . something was wrong . touched y knee . no my shoulder . that ' s what that was . my shoulder . " are y y y y y y o o u o k a re y the one that did it ? " what ? that ' t . . . . . it ' t . . . . . . . . . . " n o i g a v e h e r t h e w a t e r s h e w a s a s k i n g f o r . " ? that ' s what she was ? my other shoulder . " ? can i have some water ? i ' m thirsty . " there was no color in the world . there was no one else in the bar . there was no drink in my hand . there was no blood on my . and there she was . the little girl . she was standing right in front of me tugging on my skirt . " ? please me . it . i i i i i . " she to fade i could almost see the color coming back into the world and that ' s when i felt it . you know that feeling ? when someone up behind you and you can almost feel that they ' re there before you turn around ? like some kind of sixth sense ? that ' s what it was like . it was a barrier just outside my mind . it was beautiful . i ' t tell you how i knew that since i ' t actually see it but i did . it was like one of those paper or you see in . tall strong taut . it ' t budge or bend when i touched it . but i knew it ' d only take a little push and xb xb xb . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . th . er . e . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . i . . . t . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . was . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . d i d y o u d o i t ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? xb slap ! ! xb i and my whole body as i sat up abruptly from the floor of the bar . i ' t remember falling . my cheek stung where had me . i was wet . my were covered in blood . my outfit was soaked in the drink i ' d . " are you ? " concerned . " you ' t breathing . " " what ? i . " my head swam . i felt like the world was spinning around me . " i need to wash my . " i tried to get up but me back down . " you need " she said brushing a stray bit of my hair back into place . " to take it easy . the ambulance is on it ' s way . don ' t try to get up . " i shook my . nope . that hurt . don ' t . don ' t do that again . " i need to wash my i can ' t " i to catch my breath . ' t notice i ' d lost it . there it was . breathe . " i can ' t leave them like this . " at me puzzled . " what are you talking about ? the don ' t care if you your drink . " " but " i stopped as i that most of the bar was staring at me . i ' t say anything stupid . i down at my . there was no blood . no dripping red nectar of life . just a cocktail i ' t drank enough of . " i don ' t understand . " " poor thing " said a new voice . i around to see who it was . oh . there . the cute bartender had been flirting with . " she probably a concussion from her head when she . do you think she ' s be ? " right about then was when the arrive . the rest of that night was a blur . they put me in the ambulance drove me to the nearest hospital . i was told i had to spend the night there under observation just to make sure i was . they ' t sure what had me to faint but i probably ' t have more than a light concussion from the fall . as long as i ' t push myself i should be . i ' t sleep well that night . i had a dream . i only remember . a girl with long blonde hair and glasses too big for her face . she was feeding at the pond . tossing out dripping red of something which the eagerly . there was a man . lying in our bed . his throat was slashed and his face was . . . wrong . i ' t decide what was wrong about it . " ? i ' m thirsty . can i have some water ? " i sat up with a start gasping at the stale air in the hospital room . slowly i took stock of myself . there was a chart on the wall with my name parker and the of the on shift for the night cortez and mason . there was the sound of the air conditioner a low hum . and from somewhere outside my little room i could hear some machine or other quietly . i bent forward and put my head in my my closed as tight as i could . . that was it . were supposed to have . i . ' t think i was going to get any more sleep that night . i thought back to what i had felt last night . before brought me back . i had gone somewhere . since that night i ' tried to put it into a hundred times but there ' s nothing that can do it justice . it was like . . . . it was dark . everywhere was dark . like so dark you ' t tell whether your were open or shut . but that ' t right because there were no to be open or shut . it was endless but it was also beginning less . infinitely large and infinitely small at the same time . i can ' t put the scale into because there was no scale . there was nothing . except there ' t nothing because nothing is a space empty of something but there was no space to be empty and no something to be empty of . it was less than nothing . i was floating there . except that ' s not right either because in order to be floating there to be something for you to be floating in and something for you to be floating above but there was nothing do you understand ? there ' t even any me to be floating . so i was floating but i ' t have been because there was nowhere for me to float and nowhere for there to be a nowhere and there was no me to not be there . it ' s an experience that ' s impossible to hold in a human mind . impossible to comprehend within the limited perspective of our existence . and i have tried oh how i have tried ! because the other thing the thing i remember most about it ? it was utterly was the most non place i ' ever not been . i had no no no . no of restless . no who could never really understand . they sent me home . i don ' t remember it . all i remember was that i ' t see the girl again . and that i had another dream . i was in a lecture hall at a college . i ' t recognize the room or the professor . he was talking i and writing on the . " as a medium she will often find herself unlocking " he said as he continued to write on the board . i tried to make out what he had written so far . i " m t " these may be of her own past or of past she may have experienced before being . " he continued writing on the board . h i r s " they may come to the medium in and they often explain the reason for a medium ' s connection to the spirit world . " i tried not to read the next but i ' t look away . t y " you are one of the unlucky . i ' m sorry . " m a m a xb the next day was also a blur . i just kept thinking about the peace and calm i ' d felt before tore me away . no i ' t be angry at my . they only tried to do the right thing by waking me . but that night i decided that i knew what i had to do . no sighting of the girl . another dream . my husband lay on the bed bleeding . i ' t tell where the blood was coming from . it to be out of him at every angle dripping from his mouth his nose the where his had been . the gash in his throat . the razor in my . " ? i ' m thirsty . can i have a glass of water ? " i turned . there she was . long blonde hair glasses too big for her face . the moonlight reflected off of them so that i ' t see her . that ' t right . i to see her . she at the bed then back at me . the blood was pouring out of my themselves now at a rate that should have me of life in . there was no way she ' t see it . " ? i ' m . " i ' t let her see this . i ' t let her go on with the pain my husband had put in her chest . i had to free her . open her up and set her free . " ? " she the bear she was holding as i stepped towards her . " help me ! " " it ' s sweetie " i told her . " ' s make it better . " i woke up . i ' t gasp this time . the colors of the room hurt my . i ' t look straight on at anything . i . can ' t . look . at anything . i ' m at my computer now trying to explain myself . trying to leave something behind so people know what . i just . can ' t stop thinking about that emptiness . the fullness of that emptiness . the infinite peace . once this is posted i ' m going to put my in order . i ' a lawyer to write up a will . i don ' t think i ' be waking back up this time . i ' make sure there ' s no one to wake me . i haven ' t seen erika in days . i never did learn what to her who her . how her mother could do something like that . i never even learned her name . but i almost don ' t care . soon it won ' t matter . the way her father at us . won ' t matter . it ' be sweetie . ' s make it better . i work at a rest stop diner in a town people pass through as quick as they can on their way to something or someone better . it s lucky s which is a little because if you ended up here you re anything but . if you stay too long the dust . working at lucky s you never see the same twice or for that matter . i lost count of the amount of times the answer to my where you heading ? been anywhere but back . the flicker more often than not and the jukebox sometimes out that ' t on the index but the coffee s hot and most people who try them say the are the best they ever have and i m to agree . the name tag on my uniform but that t even close to my real name . it was my ' s . lucky s been here a long time . i wear it because i like hearing her name said by other people . it s like she s still here still coming up in conversation . like she might walk through the door any second and t buried in the cemetery just past the strip club . lucky s is also always open . always . working long serving and and those who have become impermanent out on the you get to know how to read people pretty quick . when you move around that much always on the road you leave of yourself behind sometimes lost between the . sometimes people are just driving because there s nothing else left to do . working at lucky s i seen all of lost . i once saw a man hit a deer with his truck and pull over to bury it in the red dirt digging as the sun went down a steady flow down his face as he fought the ground to cover up what he had done . i once had a man i from the news leave me a blood as a tip sad eyed in a denim jacket that barely the gun to his . i once saw a one armed girl no more than sixteen stand up on the roof of her car and sing until a coyote came and sat in front of the hood howling along . i once saw two in the parking lot in the night outside until one was spitting blood and teeth and then they in the blue of the police car that to pass them by lit up red and shining . i seen the highway on fire of between as the asphalt set itself alight in the heat . i seen roadside preacher up with a van and a pool . i seen walking out in the desert just beyond reach of the neon sign for the motel that don t look quite like people shifting out in the blue night . i met a woman who me a photograph of the place she was buried . i often meet people who you talk with a while until their start to flicker can t quite hold up the that long . i met people who have to be inside before they can cross the threshold . i met some lovely of a sacrificial cult who tipped well and were oh so polite even when they me if i d consider them harvest me . but this is a story about well you read the title . it was a and i was working a night shift . i prefer nights because when i drive home i can pretend for a while that i m going to follow the of the car in front until i leave everything in my mirror until it light and the desert to ocean like if i rolled my all the way down i d taste salt on the air . that and i m one of the only shall we say qualified to deal with the night . besides are always better when the moon is out . we only have three true in lucky s and only two had so far . rose our first and most frequent regular was sat by the window in her brown fur coat always drawn about her come rain or shine . not that it ever here . her hair was long and white down her back like the moon through a glass . she waved over to me me with a wink that made her deepen all the more beautiful for it . rose whiskey in her tea . sometimes she fed cake to the voodoo she carried in her . she was also a chronic insomniac and the company of lucky s when sleep was from her . she continued to shuffle through the deck of she had already set up on the table top . i watched her over two . rose to divine the future when she had the time . she used a frayed pack of hotel and if she was in a good mood she d read your coffee grounds . i t ask her too much because those coffee grounds had a startling way of coming true . table was empty and spotless as usual . it was the only table without a salt shaker and the only one i never cutlery on . only one person ever sat there . our second regular was sat in his usual booth dregs of his black coffee tight between his badge resting on the table . he had his closed head bent down like he was steam curling off the lip of the mug and wrapping round his . was my of our not that i d ever tell him . i past the booth and slid a bowl of sugar along the until it hit the mug with a soft clink . he reaching for his holster out of habit until his and he saw me . he embarrassed and it his face dragging him back to life . when he it was like a storm in a drought made you want to stand and watch and maybe stay out in it just a while longer . i to put my over his where they had their place on the mug to feel the second hand heat through his . sometimes i can sense the sad in people just by the feel of their skin . they carry it around with them bone deep trying to hide it from the world . but sometimes you can lift it from them for a minute or two if you have enough kindness spare . it t take much most times . was too young to be that sad . and yet . tired today ? i with the coffee pot to his half empty cup . everyone knew about the little girl he d from the outside the swimming pool last week . she was the fifth one missing in three . i could tell from the like purple thumb beneath his he d been about her . she d been found without her on . he d carried her to the ambulance in her pink with little on em small in his arms like she was asleep . the fry cook had cried when i d told him that the other day . i really . he was almost too big to fit through the service door and had a tattoo of his dog just below the one of the angel of death on his shoulder . a tear for most . the dead we re always finding by the backdoor with their missing . whenever there s a new missing poster over the cracked glass of the phone booth in the parking lot . every time he i will forever hate when it to pop up on the jukebox . big guy bigger heart . always tired said as i . another girl had gone missing yesterday . as i i made sure to brush his thumb where it on the cup handle with the inside of my wrist lifting out that sadness as far as i could . he up at me shy and i back before i could stop myself . i on to the next booth two with that had seen too much sun . one was showing the other the of his new baby in his wallet . he had tobacco teeth a scab on his cheek and wind chapped and his smile was the most beautiful damn thing as he about his lit up like morning . he me too as i his coffee and i stayed and to them a while . the other trucker with gold back teeth told me how he d used to drive but ' t handle the guilt when he handed them over to the slaughterhouse . said he d look right into their pink through the and their right back bright and pleading like they knew what he d done . said he still dreamt about them . now he drove of specialty for fancy . he d never seen the ocean . the bell from the of the kitchen and i got back to work taking from a woman with a who ordered hot dogs for them both and three teenage in their blood varsity in the corner who had ten between them and for as many as they could get . they often came in on full leaving their chained up in the parking lot . they were always hunting something with their baseball bats filled with and their but they were nice so i always gave them extra of ice cream . besides i knew they the energy because when they were hunting they had to run fast . real fast . there used to be four of them . i the table from the two at the next booth on my way back . they to be both dressed in long silk and boots red hair piled up messy on top of their . neither acknowledged me not out of rudeness but because they were too preoccupied up their with and . i spied a roll of duct tape and a bottle of vodka in there too along with some and . they were deep in conversation waving their and i caught a little of it as i their empty glasses round the . i know where i buried him you don t know ! we dug for and my always taught me eavesdropping was rude so i left them to it and headed into the kitchen . but i got the sense that wherever they had left whoever he was he certainly t there no more . i felt like telling them but like my said it s not polite to listen to other people s . you never know what you wish you t . was dancing to the radio swaying his to sugar hill as dolly sang down the . he waved at me with the spatula he was as a microphone . handed me a plate of . had worked here so long he d known my and was the only one who new my real name . he sometimes came with me on the to change the on her grave . he always brought her desert growing from the same earth she was . was also the only one who knew the recipe for the lucky s and the only one that could cook them right . on days when he t working we had no . simple as . that was just the way it went . i d learnt that the hard way but that s another story . along with the came a warning . he s back . he through the . table . our final regular had . it had been a while since he d been around . i t even seen him come in but that t unusual . he in mysterious ways . i raised an eyebrow . . raised one back . oh . he me the salt with a grimace and i filled the of my apron . around in one of the staff for a moment until he triumphant waving a that had definitely seen better days . he in on the counter next to the syrup and to a random page . we leant over his huge to read what it said . keep far from a false charge and do not kill the innocent and righteous for i will not acquit the wicked . and me on the shoulder . i don t get enough for this . i took the to table which had been empty the last time i d . it was now very much . the man sat at table was smiling as i over . if you could call it a smile . it was more like rictus straining deep red at the of his face . his kept darting from side to side too fast to count like his ' t make up their mind where they should be . his shook as i got closer hovering like on a carcass . i tried to lean as far away from him as i could as i the plate on the but as i my away he his neck out fast whipping his head up and tilting his face towards me . he in hard fluttering . he shrill like it was stuck on the roof of his mouth . i trying to hide the urge i had to run back to the kitchen . there s something about hearing a grown man giggle that the skin crawl . can i get you anything ? i bright . i d take your name . he one of the in his fist turning it to mush . i the name tag on my uniform . he shook his head grinning almost vibrating with this strange fluid roll as his smile slipped for a second front teeth jutting suddenly tongue sharply poking out . filth was under his red like the dirt on the sides of the road . then he was smiling again swaying slowly from side to side feral in his hunting jacket . his hair hung in greasy around his like blonde and they swung with him back and forth . . it don t suit . he suddenly his hand up to his face the crushed pancake into the gaping hole of his wide mouth . i back the movement was so sudden . i my into my apron reaching for the salt and his . there s no need for that came a voice from behind me . it rolled across my deep to the bone . prince . i turned to face our third regular relief with fear in a pit in my chest . like that feeling you get at a fairground in midsummer when you been on a too long and part of you you need to get off but the other part t want to leave because you know as soon as you stand still you re be sick . . prince had that effect on people . . prince was dressed as always in his black . his was than the night outside and his boots shone like they were wet . if you t notice the upside down daintily onto his custom you d think he was just a man with money maybe mixed up in something a little shady like oil or . he was handsome by the way of his jaw with his bone white smile but his black were balanced on the bridge of his nose silver rimmed and gleaming his as usual . when he spoke it was a drawl dragged up from the of the south . i m sorry for my acquaintance . he s a little prince at the man sat at table as he with his tongue hung out like a dog . over excited . prince sat down and the above the booth . he his hat back on his head and the jukebox and and suddenly was on and singing about that damn crossroad again . prince a red between his teeth and the window open a sliver with the of his left hand . the silver pentagram ring on his wedding finger against the glass . . prince the way do when they re watching you from the grass on their . the cigarette was now smoking between his teeth although he t . besides t the type for salt . he s just a man . he him up and down and his top lip curled . barely . he turned to . i see you on my . but what s the point of good food if it t for . that strange high sound that made me want to run and shook a little . everything about made me nervous fight or flight getting ready to flood my system . prince handed a menu . order whatever you want . he leant forward and the . ordered four and glass of milk . well if that s all ! i . i could feel s clinging to my back as i left . rose waved me over before i could get back to the safety of the kitchen . i t worry about him . she crossed herself and the card on top of the pile . the jack of . it had its out . but not by rose . it like it had been printed that way for . we won t be seeing him again . she t talking about . prince . she cupped my cheek and i leant into it her hand rough with age but warm . i could tell she thought i tired . she for her tea and toast and out into the warm night waiting outside the . i finally made it back into the kitchen and was immediately . cold water me in the face and i threw up my arms on instinct trying to protect my hair . aggressively me in the face with the spray bottle we also kept in the staff locker the kind you use for tending house . ours was filled with holy water . ! get off i m i and he me again . i spat holy water out dripping down the front of my dress and it from my running a little . i the bottle from his . i think i m good . i t really mad though better safe than sorry especially when it comes to possession . sorry ! just . sheepishly handed me a dish towel . already did me n . he down at his awkward . he was a foot taller than me and a decade older and i my smile because he was twisting the toe of his boot back and forth like a little been kept after class . kept his firmly fixed on his as he but i could sense him holding back a laugh desperately his teeth . i my and the spray bottle at him . maybe you need some more i . and then was laughing and i was too and that heavy feeling that had over us since . prince had in . sometimes when get too dark all you can do is laugh . always said that when rough you can either choose to laugh or cry . i never saw my mother cry . it was coming up on in the morning as i took the back to table . visibly and clapped his as i over . i put the plate in front of him as quick as i could but as i back his head forward and he the inside of my wrist . his tongue was long and wet against my pulse . i like i d been bitten and he shrill and manic . you taste better than they will he said grinning and to the . . prince watched this unfold calm and unreadable like the sky before summer lighting down a tree . i frantically my arm on my apron but i could still feel that tongue on my skin as if i d left my hand in his mouth . i fought off the that suddenly burned at the of my because something told me would enjoy them just a little too much . i and . prince s plate . tell the were good as hell he said from behind his . then he low and raspy as if something he d said was funny . he another between his teeth and it to glow as meat down his throat . i tried not to gag as i watched it clog beneath his long . i by on my way back . he waved me over with worry . he ran a hand over his face as if he was trying to wipe all the bad away . is he you ? he over to who was rocking back and forth drinking his milk . suddenly so tired uniform as his face looking fifty instead of his twenty two . nothing i can t handle i shook my head and thought about rose . we won t be seeing him again . it felt like waiting for to finish . i took the order of a man with a butterfly on his neck and some pouring beam into their coffee . they me for an extra cup which they at the empty seat on their table for absent they said . i down the counter top the sugar and took out the trash the man in the rabbit mask that often out by the . as long as you don t look at him he t bother you . i coffee and took the of the large group of that came in leather clad and road weary . at am . prince stood . had his plate clean and was sitting still staring up at him with his teeth in a smile gripping the table top so hard his were going white as milk . . prince handed me a roll of wrapped in black plastic that i knew better than to count . he tipped his hat . see . we all pay eventually he said . he in and spoke softly . for i will not acquit the wicked he . he out his hand to palm flat waiting . s shook as he into his hunting jacket and out a pair of . a child s small enough that both could fit in one hand . little pink dirty with brown on the that i knew could only be one thing . prince considered them a moment under the and shook his head . he like he was sorry before he handed them to me . for your man over there . tell him to dig where they last . he to who was watching us his badge in his hand . but knew better than to come over . . prince turned to and around his cigarette . we got a ways to go the road we re takin . they say it s with good . he and i felt sick to my stomach . he took s hand like a child and they out into the night warm and waiting . the swung shut behind them even though nobody had touched them . the jukebox and rea was on singing about that road again . i the on the table by s empty coffee cup and on the message . he sat still for a long time after just watching them on the table top trying not to cry or scream or punch a hole in the plaster . all i could do was refill his coffee because when someone is trying to hold themselves together like that there s nothing left to say . my shift ended and i drove myself home following the in front of me . i knew when i woke up it would be dark and it would be time for my next shift but for now i just drove about the ocean and watching the sun come up like it always does despite everything . sea air . s idyllic . people crave it . to live beside the seaside is considered a privilege some sort of picturesque life that those living in can only dream of . that s the sort of thing they told me my . part of growing up by the sea that don t tell you about or for the most part even consider is the loneliness . the pool of and love is that much smaller especially in the tiny ocean . its what drove me to a life of the of the trying to satiate my need for some kind of human connection . m a horror fan . i spent this sub and a million other dark and interesting on the web . i won t name the place i found my i t want to go digging and end up in the sort of predicament i find myself in . after all i m sure most of you are just like me merely looking for a scare before bed and someone to talk to . that i made were hard core with urban unsolved and finding the real that s been posted . i suppose i was no different not at first anyway . i in the grainy video footage and my were the tales that you t quite disprove . t alarmed about the obsessive direction my were taking until a guy with the posting to the forum he got involved in the discord and a big player amongst the group . he to have spent proving urban real . as as the group could be we all desperately proof . for even one of the that we had over to be real would all the we spent them . was the kind of guy that no one to admit they were a little of . whilst the were and he was sending us freaky from the of the web with gore and that perfectly realistic . when he sent us to access one of the for a video i knew that it had to be some deep web . t squash my curiosity . i d always been fascinated by the idea of the deep web browsing the dark and mysterious of the to my hearts content . it had some type of sick allure and i d often found myself looking for worst people have seen on the dark net over the . the to the letter and was met with a mostly black with a tiny video box in the middle . in red above the extra small video box were the a birth of a legend . i if had made it himself in some poor attempt to scare us all . i t very technological i had only been able to access the with instruction so i had no idea how difficult or easy that might be . play and the first thing i was with was a beautiful girl . man she but she was so stunning . long wavy dark hair and deep brown me in but the terror that glazed them made me feel wholly uncomfortable . if the girl was acting then she deserved an academy award before she ever said a word . the cameraman backed up a bit and i could see that the girl was stood on an unfamiliar empty beach . run bitch . came a voice from behind the camera a and gloating man . please it so bad . the girl voice cracking as she spoke directly into his camera . if anyone s watching please help me . wore a tattered white dress the sort of dress a girl like that would wear to a fancy party but it like she had been away from the party for quite some time . there were that covered her whole beautiful body . my heart broke as she to run across the sand tripping and stumbling as the cameraman and her . beach in the video was huge a vast expanse with so sign of reaching a town or land . as the camera round i could see that the sand for . if the guy to hurt her then she had no chance of he was her a head start purely for his own amusement . the sick . my phone on the desk as the made their way through the video . man . what is this ? is this real . ha ! nice try but that s definitely fake ! ! on the video the girl trying to run and hide in the open landscape with a choice between of sand or the thick barrier of rock that met the water . it was no choice at all really . in her position i probably would just laid down and accepted my fate . the camera turned around to face the cameraman fully clad in a balaclava . he the mask just enough so that the could see his ravenous smile . well done to the highest bidder . this is for you . towards the girl his making a lot more progress than her frantic panicked running . he wigged a screwdriver in front of the camera as he her and she fell to the ground . watching the video from the cameraman s felt . like it was me standing above the poor woman with a weapon . like i d taken her there . i hard as he bought the screwdriver down with force and it into her leg . . then her arm . . . then her other leg . hit every non deadly area possible before finally sticking it deep into her eye hovering as it forced its way out of the socket like jelly and the tip of the metal implement presumably her brain . he dragged and threw her body into a deep rock pool and turned the camera to face him one more time balaclava still rolled up above his mouth . i hope you bottom that . time for some real bottom to enjoy her now . he evilly relishing what he d done . i felt roll down my . it was too realistic . i felt responsible for not saving her for her death . . . for making my way through an entire snuff film . i felt dirty . the video took a turn . the smile turned to an expression of shock before the killer the camera . of screaming and i could hear my discord going wild but i t stop to check them i t tear myself away from the screen . the screaming ended promptly and the camera shook as it was to focus on the body of the cameraman still clad in his balaclava but now lying face up on the rock . wish i could say he like the girl did but he was certainly dead . most alarmingly his entire face was covered with small baby nipping away at of mask flesh and then raw skin . i felt sick fought back the bile and my computer chair about a foot back from the screen . the camera turned around once more to face the new . was just as beautiful as before despite her dark being a little distressed . of her eye were smeared around the socket and inside it were more of the tiny little . they t consuming her the same way as they were her killer just her face . she a wide unnatural smile and spoke . you should tried to help me instead you just watched . i see you soon . it went black . tried to steady myself a little . i d seen what probably to of creepy and dark on the web but never anything like that everything i d seen before still had a grain of about it but something about what i d just seen had felt so real . i if it had been a live feed if it had was she really me ? it felt like she had . my phone to check the see what the were saying about it . there were a ton of mostly pure shock and confusion quite a few it t be real . the only one that stood out to me was a single message from . this video was part of a on the deep web as the result of an auction by a . the winning bidder chose the girl from the party and the murder weapon . on those state that every viewer of the original stream found themselves drawn to the beach and mysteriously not long after watching . i never play . but i knew you would . prove it real . beware the crab woman . message had made most of them laugh . they t get over the ridiculousness of the crab woman and in all honesty every single one of us were to that some more than . and creature were something of a joke in our community a sub genre to be . a few of them even the video s production if had any more but and no new message from him . t say anything else either something about the video made everything we were interested in seem dirty sinister somehow . i t get that beautiful girl out of my mind the sheer terror in her at the start . even if it was fake those would haunt my . i thought about what had said too and to be honest living by the sea made me nervous . far as i knew none of my other anonymous lived this close to the ocean . they could joke about an urban legend that they would end up on a beach dead without any real consequence . i was out and for me it was a little close to home . so i did what i could to push it out of my mind . spent a few days watching and browsing much on the . i my discord i t want to talk about creepy for a while . it me to get out and i to take daily to improve my fitness in the hope i could maybe make some in real life . it worked . it had been since i d thought about the girl the man in the balaclava and the hoard of tiny that ate them both . and his freaky message had been all but forgotten until a few ago . left for my run today just like always i ran along the and past the bandstand . i don t know at what point i down the to the beach but i did . i found myself there exhausted . did what any human does and i tried to it in my head . the beach t look like the one in the video it t a vast expanse and there were other people on it there were to the left and a slope to the right . i convinced myself that my forgotten journey was my mind on me . the video had me so much that i d ended up at the beach as some sort of sick subconscious joke . s when i this out . i thought maybe if i what i saw then i would be able to get over it . it was therapeutic at first sitting here in the sea air out my experience cathartic even . the last time l up i that something was seriously wrong . there t any to the left or slope to the right . the all but and all i can see for is sand . the people have gone too all but one that is . i m sure i can see a girl sitting on the rock . it off as a camera what i did . then it folded down smaller and smaller until it was just a mirror . the voice talking whose voice i don t know telling me about all that this mirror can do . it into more enough to envelope me to trap me inside of their infinite prison and then back down to a palette . the colors switch and the voice talking . infinite beauty infinite life could be yours you just have to say yes to one of them . xb the fold back out and i can see of feminine people all of them beautiful relaxed happy looking at me with on their . they slowly begin to fade from the front and more take their place at the back but these are different . are off and their are too big for their their teeth too big for their . and as they slowly got worse and worse it cutaway showing me more colors and more and more beautiful people . it went on for an eternity tempting me to say yes just one simple word and i could have everything . xb the people grew in in the til the sheer amount felt almost suffocating . they t make any t seem to move and yet they felt as if they were whispering to me beckoning to me tempting me . only the first would look right the longer they were there the more distorted they would seem . some of them were small too big that they to spill off of their and to not have at all . still had overlaid on top of each other bleeding into one another until they were nothing more than a mix of colors and and ooze . xb at some point they stopped being just in the mirror . i felt their breath on my their boring into the back of my neck phantom onto my clothes and tugging tearing away . they to whisper in my no discernible just that me to shiver . xb the t cover up the voice which was still saying its spiel . only one simple word and all could be mine it said . just one word one syllable and all your could be yours . the voice to change shifting from an unfamiliar announcer to someone a lot more personal . i as my own voice told me about the wonderful deal the immortality and beauty and power i could have if i would just say yes . the word to echo in the air far than before and an unnatural quiet fell over everything . i woke up after that . xb i don t know if that if it was truly me that said yes . but looking into the mirror this morning ? i m afraid it might have been . why do people hate ? i always that . i always considered it cool someone that you so much that they follow you everywhere . . . it was always kind of cool in my mind . sexy even . one day i was browsing this that provided me with really creepy stuff like security cam footage audio clips in all of which something paranormal or creepy . i was a big fan these stuff and always spend my nights browsing through these . so as usual i was in my bed closed under my with a snack and was browsing through this when i saw something with my name on the title . huh weird i thought and it . i don t know what it is . some kind of confession ? it went like this . i am . i am a year old female . i don t know what i am doing . what am i doing ? what should i be doing ? i don t know . her voice was cracking like she was crying . i felt very sad for her . i want some attention i guess . i have been with clinical depression and schizophrenia at the age of . i have been living in foster and for many . i have not seen my mother and my father was an alcoholic and a drug addict . i have took care of myself since i can remember and was forced to do paying at the age of . my dad was kind enough to give me enough money to satisfy my needs and took the rest to spend for himself . he did this because i could survive and he could take his aggression and anger out in me . his basement was a dungeon . he had that he used to torture me and tie me up and abuse me sometimes sexually . he said my had giving me birth and it was my fault and i her . you little bitch ! you my ! she was everything to me . she was my angel . . . my only light . you ! you her ! this was something he had said to me and something i vividly remember . he was almost never home which i was grateful for . when he was at home he would most often bring me to the dungeon and torture me . his favorite thing to do to me was to burn a screw driver until it and he would stab me with it . he took pleasure in watching my flesh burn and hearing my . if he was not torturing me he would use me for his sexual needs because of the absence of my mother . i always prefer this because it me less pain than getting burned in my pubic region or getting cut and getting brake fluid or some other substance or rubbed on the wound . i had never tried to run from him because it felt like he had me on a leash . no matter wherever i went i always found myself to that house over and over again . he was eventually caught for heroin in his in public . i was at the time and was transferred to a child shelter . i was never adopted and to this day i have social anxiety . oh no . . . poor woman . she must have been scarred very much . i found myself tearing up at this point . i did not have any at my time in foster except for one . tony . he was two older than me and i him . he was funny handsome sometimes awkward and was very nice to me . i found myself loving him . i t take my mind off him . i would sometime sneak over to the place and i would watch him sleep . he was so handsome . his chiseled face blonde hair green . . . he was irresistible . i found myself with him . he was my best friend and one day i my love to him . he also said he me which made me happy . i had never been so happy before . we would sneak out at nights to look at . we sometimes . being in his warmth i felt like i was in the place ever . one night we . it was our first kiss and i found myself leaning towards him wanting more . but we had to part ways . he got a family and he was adopted . they were not willing to take another child . i was heart broken . i found myself in depression again . by . i had to get a job eventually . so at old i took up a job as a waitress at a restaurant " the hot market " and bought myself an apartment . " wait that ' s just a couple away from here . i was mostly alone and sad . i then to harm myself when i was sad . i took up prostitution as a side job and that had me cope with my sadness . is when i saw the man of my life . i was serving people and saw this beautiful handsome and charismatic man . i instantly fell in love with him . his blue and chiseled face me of tony . his black hair his soothing voice his look everything about him was perfect . i found him in and . his name was . " " wait what ? " i thought . chiseled face blue dark hair that was all my but i have never met a woman with the first name . ever . what the hell is she talking about ? " we met again at a movie theater and i to ask him out . " what the ? for as long as i remember i had never been out . " we made love on our first date night . we connected in a very deep level . " i ' m a virgin . " we several times and we made love so much . he me he would marry me " wait . " he declared that he me more than anything else . " ' t she schizophrenic ? " i to pull my life together again . i was of depression . i taking schizophrenia again . " what ' s happen ? " but life decide to me over again . just . he was gone . he was the only happiness of my life but he decided to ditch me . " whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa . " i have decided i will end my life . i don ' t live . i did not care for myself . i a stranger ' s cock again . i put my vagina up for sale . i don ' t care . so that ' s what this is . " oh ! " a suicide note . but why should i end my life ? " oh thank god . " why should i end my life while the who it are wandering in this world free ? " what ? oh god no . " dad if you are hearing this you are not supposed to be free . you cannot just with my life and be free . " no no no no no no . " if i am going to die i am taking you with me . even if its the last good thing that is going to happen to me i will kill you . and i am not giving myself to police . i will not let them take me alive . they will find my dead body . dad . . . wait . your time will come soon . " the recording stopped . i panicked . i at when this was . two ago . ! i put down my phone went to the closet to take my baseball bat and checked . i my . i was . why do people hate ? now i know . in several of my there s been a sewer like hole in the ground that goes down into darkness . i gone down there several times however there s always one common theme to it there are down there that are dangerous and harmful . the sewer off into the top floor is almost like a house . the ground is dirty and and whatnot are scattered everywhere but it s otherwise a normal house . there are several a bedroom office dining room kitchen and then the main room where the ladder that to each floor past . there is a man up there and he s not as nice as he may seem . he do everything he can to keep you there sometimes even going so far as to change the of the house until you re stuck in a single room . he tell you he s a teacher of magic and this is true but he will most likely just kill you . the next floor is a dark damp area filled with . they re there so that the won t be able to approach you without being . this area is the . once your adjust to the darkness you see there are massive long that branch off in each direction . i gone through two of these . the first one simply to a small room with a desk and a . if the is closed everything is fine but if you go down there and the is open you need to wake up immediately before they can get a hold of you . the second hallway is long . i yet to reach the end but i really think i gotten close . i could hear soft talking and that more aggressive the closer i got . i to hear someone saying my name and i woke up at two in the morning with sleep paralyses . the next floor is a laboratory . the whole area is blindingly white . it s round like the entry hole to the area and large . there s a huge hole in the middle of the room . white paint goes down a decent distance and then it s just concrete . there s wind coming from down this hole and if you listen closely and block out the men in white walking around and working you begin to hear a soft child like voice whisper to you through the breeze . it tell you about the universe but don t listen for too long . you start to notice that it s growing closer . the men in have stopped working and are now standing around the hole silently . you need to wake up now . the last floor is very similar to the top . it s a small house . this house is only comprised of two neither of which have anything or anyone in them . you hear following you around however . you can search for them under the condition you don t look directly above you . i was searching the again only this time i was seeing people in the there t usually people . there were two little in the top floor the dark room was blindingly bright and i could hear and childlike in the room . i around forever but i t find them . does anyone know what s going on ? splash splash . . . the girl ran . it was dark . almost pitch black . her hurt . a lot . running was no help . after being tied to a for you could only pity on those little . the men were close . cuss . one more adrenaline push and she them . she frantically for a place to hide . being in such terrible state for days she could easily camouflage in that murky slum . as the sound of faded away she came out of . she had to save herself . she just could not give in . dawn approaching she was running away from a life of . the place horrendous to a princess living in of happy world . nonetheless she fought . not because she was strong . she had no choice . in the past she had bit run but did not cry . she also stole . a gun . her were merciless . first they her out of lust . her attractive figure and young naive stance was for the . after they saw she was a hard catch they her for revenge now for their own safety . an girl would ruin them all . fear brought the desperate urge . to murder . she saw it . the cold hard stare of the burly men . she knew what it meant . the memory of their touch sent down her spine . her chest hurt . presently she was hungry and injured . she a way out . as she stealthily in the approaching light she saw an old lady . trust or not to trust ? fear and desperation weighed same . she went slowly " amma please help . " her steady voice brought attention . their gaze met and the girl went pale . same cold stare same as the men had back . before she could even turn to run the lady out her hand struck her hard . the girl went down with a yell . she quickly and felt her hair being . human are always there present . they just need a tug . desperation off reasoning . the sound of shot ran in the wee of morning its peace . the brothel owner ' s wife forward and fell . dead . murder . she could not think . she did not knew she had such power . she threw the gun . still thinking she saw men approaching . later . she ran and for a terrace . a place on height will give her a way out out of this boor horrendous slum . she saw a staircase and it . the thought of getting cornered crossed her mind . nevertheless she hopped on though more alert now . the staircase into a veranda . no soul visible . she crossed it in a blink and came near the railing . a quick scan . no human . a bird . it away by the sudden moment . she down the railing . of iron and brick as if someone had been in an mood and with broken . with cake . suddenly she felt two powerful arms close in around her own arms and pin her down . he smelled like tobacco and rotten apple . he her hair and . she immediately bit hard . a yell and freedom . as she got up she saw a guy her size and somewhat younger . " you will give me rabies bitch " the boy in pain . she backed near the staircase ready to take off when he " you came for stealing ' t you ? " " no . do you know a way out of here ? " he laugh full of mockery . " i can find my way out even in my sleep you moron . but i won ' t show you . you are a killer . i saw it . " she at the word . " you will help me for this . " she gave him two diamond . her father ' s gift . he led the way . as soon as she the road . she fell down . battered tattered shaken of her modesty . what was her fault ? her in a white room . it smelled of chloroform spirit . it smelled hospital . her were there . they about her . not her they about the murder . " in order to survive my instinct had to kill . does that make me a murderer . . but i guess i am better than those human for pleasure . " she to retort it to her everyone . she wished the gun pointed to her not the woman . if you have paranoia like me you close your even during the day but where my bed is i still see the outside . . . that s when i saw it . what i thought it was was a tree so i the shut . . . but then when i went to sleep or tried to i something that put down my spine . knock knock knock i never been so afraid in my entire life because someone . . . . . . on my window . . . it t an animal or the wind it was a hand . . . that was my last encounter with the man until a few later . in my new house with my wife . i still tape my shut from that experience . i been living at that house for almost a year peacefully until . . . . knock knock knock i never thought i d have to hear that again . . . but to even make the experience worse i this . remember me do you jack ? i never so hard in my life . . . . the voice was so deep and scratchy with the sound of pain in it . i my wife and through her into the bathroom and told her to lock it i trapped the metal baseball bat and then i never been more afraid in my life . i saw the man . . . he was skinny with bright blue with white skin with teeth like the size of a soap he was outside my living room window smiling against the glass . i would the if my phone t in the living room . then he on the window knock knock knock what do you want from me ? ! i threw the glass . he t say anything except afraid ? . what the hell is that supposed to mean ! ? he d shout gripping the baseball bat . afraid afraid afraid ? the man would say yes i m afraid now why are you here ? i d wince . the man the glass and came in like lightning and at me and in one fast swing the man was out on his with a dent in his head with blood gushing out while still staring at me . a a afraid . . . the man would wince i at him dead in the eye and said i m not afraid of you . . . the man at my bat and saying you should as a woman came behind me biting my neck forcing blood out of my neck as my scream made the come and see a woman with her big teeth in my neck with a man who the same dead on the floor at that moment my wife me in pain and the door and the woman in the eye with a piece of the mirror she . me and my wife ran to the house and stayed until the and the came me and my wife are still alive to this day happy we have two but i still fear that one day i hear that sound . knock knock knock ! self harm ! somewhere out there in the gentle summer night there s a pair of love struck teens lying in a meadow . they spent the whole day talking about how much they each other about how the whole pandemic business was about how for a second it that the world was going to end . but now conversation run out all they have left is the warmth of each other s . are beautiful tonight she . they re just far off that millions of ago and the light t us yet he making his voice than it is that he and more attractive that way . they are beautiful though he holding her tight . he s wrong . the that shine above us tonight are not the result of some impersonal cosmic force light away . tonight the sky is a smattering of silver . he s watching us waiting to see whether we are ready for his arrival . of people around the world are breathing a sigh of relief . they keep on each other in whether the world will slowly start back to its old shape whether we have crossed our collective rough patch whether life will go back to normal . it won t . after tonight will never be the same . when he our streets they will weep they will rage they will despair but once the dust they will submit . they are not prepared for his arrival . they are not prepared for the judgment and force that will rain from the sky directly into each puny mortal soul . but i am . i have a carrot cake made with my sweat blood and to prove it . tonight the hundred eyed god will feast on my offering . moving to the capital t a decision that i made lightly . the life i had back in my dusty town was nothing to scoff at it was a peaceful existence filled with uncomplicated bar work aged and the occasional lover that i . but it t enough . i knew that if i t get out while i still could i would end up getting up and down to an existence of watching rumble towards the capital . no one thought i would actually do it . the grizzled old men at the pub would laugh say that leaving the town was a mistake that the city was no place for a girl like me that i should stay at home and away from all the foreign filth that had seeped into the streets of the capital . those that would share my bed would take my to leave personally as if me wanting to taste the world outside of our dead end town was an affront to their masculinity as if me wanting to leave meant i t love them as much as they me . and i guess they were right . after the inevitable argument after the forced peace it was always difficult to sleep . as i lay on the edge of that uncomfortable mattress all that i could hear was the far off thumping of heading towards the land . somewhere out in the darkness was a bright city a place where people from all across the world rubbed and spoke of home a place where and and works of magnificence that would take the planet by storm a place where i could feel whole . when the stroke of midnight forced the planet into a new decade i made the decision . i was going to take the leap . the empire a shameful death in the early th century but its ghost still the governmental of the capital until this day . in the of every bureaucrat a bit of that famous disdain for human life which made put pen to paper . the first couple of in the capital were spent running around out the of my health insurance of my transit card of my new permanent address . each soulless face that behind made me feel smaller and smaller until i felt like i barely at all . yet i knew that if i made it through the if i those never ending i would end up being a permanent resident in a city that bustled with life . my permanent address was to an apartment in the old soviet housing i was set to start working the bar at one of those tourist traps that turn our culture into a sellable authentic experience i had my transport card and my health insurance and everything else i . every morning i would count down the days to the film to the language to the in dusty that i so to be a part of . and just when it like the life i had about for was within the grasp of my the . at first it was a curiosity on the subway among the of you would see someone with cloth over their face and think wow here s someone who s but that fear spread . before they obligatory they common . every day on my way to work i would see more and more people with that baby blue mask . the at the bar to dwindle . at first my about how unpredictable the tourist are but soon enough a pattern . soon enough the bar cut its in half to cater to the . soon enough the bar closed down . the rice the the canned goods every bit of non perishable food from the . a palpable panic through the streets . we all locked ourselves at home the microscopic specter that plagued the outside world . we all watched the news . we were told to stay home . the first couple days of were spent in a daze . none of it real . back home back in that fragile house by the train i remember watching the on the television talking about economics and foreign policy with confidence . they knew what was happening the world would move in a few select that could be with the right knowledge and they had the right knowledge . when i was a i to be like them to be able to stand in front of a nation and speak with assuredness about and . yet as the pandemic hit that illusion of intelligence and courage quickly dissipated . the same men and that puffed up their and about statistics now through the cloth over their face about how unprecedented the situation was . i kept on telling myself that i was not under any existential threat . i was young and thus safe from the virus i might have lost my job but the stimulus would keep me afloat i was going to make it through . yet the more i assured myself of my personal safety the more i that the thought of danger t what was keeping me awake at night . i was going to make it through yes . but i was going to make it through alone . my only tie to anything remotely social was my . back home people were sitting around relishing the safety of the countryside the pub that i had worked at was officially closed but still in full swing every couple i knew was publicly how happy they were to be stuck together . some posted of kindness some about how they are there for anyone who needs to talk but all the i had through text were hollow . these people had . i t . i was stuck in a cramped room on the top floor of a totalitarian housing block . after the initial shock of the wore off i spent every waking moment lamenting how alone i was . the neighbor made everything so much worse . i had only seen her once before . she into the elevator just as the were . she wore a blue hoodie her high school graduation . we were the same year we were both from that you d have to work to find on a map . i was going to talk to her say hello as a fellow country bumpkin and try to make my first friend in the city but she was on her phone . she was crying in the midst of an argument so that an elevator ride with a stranger t put it on pause . she knew he was seeing other people . she knew he thought she t good enough . she would never forgive him . but she did . she him loudly on a regular basis . she him so loudly that the mirror on our wall would shake whenever she was him of his . she was being for him him know that they had something special going this quarantine season something that would continue after the world got back to normal . within a week of the i had a new neighbor . their relationship made it impossible to read . the sex was loud and obnoxious but what was so much worse was the pillow talk . after the screaming was done all i could hear was his tenor on the other side of the wall . he d speak his coming through my wall like a low rumble and she would punctuate his senseless with high laughing . she was laughing harder than she had to but then again she had her . it was during one of their post coital laughter that i first him . i was lying on the couch my covering my trying to get a grip . by then my loneliness had manifested itself into a tactile mental murk i could feel my mind growing sluggish and dark with of home of of past . i could see the couple in the other room naked and breathless keeping each other company . all of those just kept on with force my chest with a need to speak to someone to connect to feel like a real human being . bake a carrot cake . suddenly all of the lonely spinning in my head to a halt . there was a single distinct voice in my head . bake a carrot cake and you will feel better . i sat up trying to figure out if the thought was my own or if it was being forced into my head . for a second all i could hear was my neighbor s forced screeching laughter but then in a whisper the thought came back . bake a carrot cake . the thought of baking absurd . but with that voice in the back of my head the loneliness that was tearing away at me just ago nothing but a light annoyance . i thumbed out an inquiry for a recipe on my phone . i had sugar i had flour i had and there was a handful of sad the end of their life rolling around in the back of my . bake a carrot cake the voice whispered as i preheated the oven . when i was eight i went through a phase where i thought cooking was the thing . every morning my would let me trail her in the kitchen and help out in whatever way my grubby eight year old could . my cooking career t last long though . one my mother decided i was skilled enough to cut . i t . it t a big cut but as i on my finger my excitement for the kitchen . a couple later while the were out at a dinner party i decided i had seen enough cooking to make toast on my own . i t . i somehow to give myself severe food poisoning . that put an end to my interest in cooking . yet as i away at the rubbery that probably in the trash all of my cooking related trauma took a back seat . it felt good to be doing something . all of a sudden i t some social reject at her face on a couch . i was a woman with a goal . i was a chef . careful about your are among the most common source of kitchen injury my mind whispered . i mixed the piled the weird gray sludge into a baking tray and hoped for the best . the kitchen filled with the smell of and too much egg . this carrot cake will not be good the voice spoke with a bit more strength this time and neither will the next one or the one after that . but you must keep on baking you must keep on improving for when the day comes his shall fall upon your creation in judgment . ding ! i took out the cake t wait for it to cool down and burnt my tongue with a tasteless mistake . the voice was right . the carrot cake i had made was the equivalent of eating polystyrene covered in carrot juice . but it felt good to have made something . i knew i could do better . i knew i would do better . my were starting off another round of forgiveness but i had my on and was out the door before the mirror to shake . the grocery store was filled with face and fearful . people were up a year s worth of a couple worth of rice lifetime of toilet paper like a misguided tower of swayed from side to side in the of the most paranoid looking . yet the produce plentiful . i picked out some healthy looking a variety of and another bag of flour . everything simple enough until i the check out . back home at the pub where i worked the jukebox barely worked and even when it did it to play anything other than frank and from the communist era . i t know self were a common thing until i to the city and even then i would always prefer to stand in line to make eye contact with a stranger . during the pandemic that choice was taken away . the machine to weigh my then it them as then it informed me i had in enough to afford two worth of rent . i with the machine for what felt like an eternity . then something snapped in me . i was in a city where i t know anyone trying to negotiate carrot with a robot . i was going crazy . back home all my were gearing up for a drunken bonfire and i was stuck under sad florescent lighting . stop it the voice as my up this is just another thing you have to master in order to satisfy him . you will learn how to operate this cursed machine and you will deliver a sacrifice worthy of his gaze . who is he ? i said out loud . the screen of the self went dark . all i could see was my own reflection . all i could see were my watery . bake a carrot cake and you will feel better the voice . i scanning my again it took effort but eventually i out with a bag full of carrot cake . time in isolation t behave like normal time . when it is it with sluggish impossibility yet when one back it as if it had instantaneously . one moment you are staring at the clock waiting for a single cursed minute to pass but then snap ! it s three later and all that you have to remember the past by are blurry of activity . my three in lock up were one long stay in the kitchen . at first the and and of my me but soon enough they were out by my own company . as long as i was grating the as long as i was the icing as long as i was baking the voice was there . did you know that were first discovered in what is modern day five thousand ago ? as i worked in the kitchen the voice would whisper into my ear with a soft rumble did you know that have the same consistency as a human finger ? did you know that were not usually orange until the th century ? did you know that are over water ? my first cake t good my second cake t good my third cake t good and the trend continued . yet with every finished dish my chest swelled with pride . i was getting closer . with every twist to the recipe with every experimental spice thrown in i was getting closer to a sacrifice that i could bring him . did you know that the myth that improve your sight was during the second world war to hide the fact the royal air force night ? did you know that have the same consistency as a human finger ? you can bite them right off . did you know that a teaspoon can hold two thousand carrot ? the voice a steady companion . i forward to hearing the smooth rumble every day every moment that i could spare . did you know have the same consistency as a human finger ? you can bite them right off . did you know that a single carrot can give you enough energy to walk a mile ? my twentieth carrot cake tasted delicious my twenty fifth was godly yet there was still something missing something was still not good enough . after countless to the fluorescent lit supermarket after i the self machine and could grab all of my with closed i stopped the were too long the produce too unpredictable . i could not spend half of my days across town . i shopping finding the most exotic of the most exquisite of . one day i woke up to a blender being to my apartment . i t remember it but my grater was enough to warrant it . the next round of carrot were smoother than ever yet there was still something missing . i continued with the recipe . i threw in of ginger of vanilla extract canned and the voice kept on whispering . did you know are a good source of fiber ? did you know have the same consistency as human ? you can bite them right off . try it ! yet it t just carrot related that the voice whispered to soothe my lonely soul . the voice spoke of him . he was near . soon enough he would walk the land and deliver his judgment . he was watching waiting for the moment to lumber through our mortal realm . my offering had to be perfect . he would not accept anything less . and my carrot cake was not perfect yet . did you know a carrot the same consistency as a human finger ? you can bite it right off ! try it ! i caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror . i was staring at a stranger . a stranger who s unwashed teeth were filled with of that orange treat who s hair was matted with of flour and egg and icing a stranger with uncut for . the various sweet from the kitchen had beneath my to make a thick layer of black grime . try it ! i put my dirty pointer finger in my mouth and bit down as hard as i could . a lightning bolt of agony . a of iron in my icing covered mouth . the bite me horrific pain but the finger was still attached . a carrot does not have the same consistency as a human finger . do not give up . you are so close to perfection . the hundred eyed god true sacrifice from those who serve him . he is watching . do not disappoint him . i put my finger back in my mouth . over the i had forgotten the sound of my own voice that whisper in my head had become so ingrained in my internal monologue that i considered it a part of myself my own vocal had become a distant memory . removing my finger me what i like . as i my worked independently of my mind . they turned on the gas burner . they up a butter knife . they the wound . i on the flour covered floor of my kitchen . he can see you . he seen the work . all you need to do is finish off the recipe . i put another finger in my mouth . he can see you . he seen the work . his have your journey . i put another finger in the blender . he can see you . he seen the work . he will not spare you if you turn away now . another helping of blood slipped down my throat . he can see you . he seen the work . you will never be alone again . i put another finger in the blender . he can see a knock . i found myself standing in the middle of my kitchen three dirty in the blender and someone knocking at my door . i my hand behind my apron and made my way to the door . ! was was that you screaming just now ? she stood there in her hoodie and shorts a concerned smile on her face . no . i . probably a different neighbor i added in of making her leave . oh well she extended her hand i m . can t believe we lived next door to each other and we never met . i could imagine us wine together . we could sit in my living room burn through a bottle and talk about how insane the whole pandemic was about how weird self are about how strange it is living in the capital after growing up in the middle of nowhere . i could warn her about how men who cheat once tend to cheat in perpetuity she could take me to and introduce me to people . we could have been . but in that moment i knew i t shake that hand . stop such loud sex . everyone can hear you i myself say before i the door with my stub of a hand . the hundred eyed god is the only company i need now . i went back to the blender . i have not tasted this carrot cake but i know it is exactly what he . tonight i will meet him and i will not be alone . i know that all across the city all across the and there are like me . men and who have the call who have the and them to their inevitable end . tonight we will all meet . tonight we will meet beneath those shining in the sky . somewhere out there in the gentle summer night there s a pair of love struck teens lying in a meadow . they talk of the as if they were beautiful as if they were far off from a million in the past . but they are wrong . those are and they are watching us . they are waiting for the arrival of the hundred eyed god hundred eyed god the the athlete the fisherman home is where your heart is . that ' s something my grandmother would always say . home is not a place it ' s a feeling of belonging . there sure are people who can choose their home who can choose the place of their heart but some of us are born into surroundings so cruel and up left with no choice of ever freeing ourselves . to me that place is the district of the one with the infamous club scene and the red light district . next to that vivid and shiny part where everything bright and ecstatic somewhere hidden in the quiet of the town that s where we live . me mum and dad . we re the type of people that work to keep the exciting destination that it is for all the . they all come to see the district and the main street to be particular . at day it like a shopping street not quite regular as all the are beautifully but not quite what it is at night either . the main street is where the people go shopping dine and enjoy themselves surrounded by the artisan atmosphere . in the morning they meet for breakfast take a stroll through the and end their days with gluttonous at the most delicious dining with a glass of our local red wine . when the sun to set the begin to change and the lovely become in search of lust and sin . s open as well as the red light district . being the owner of one of the or in is something most can only dream of . with no money in the world could you ever buy one of the on the main street . you inherit or earn one through of hard labor bought with an unimaginable amount of blood sweat and . while my family never had the fortune of any front in the shopping street our house is just down the road from it . the small brick house been on to of our family for now . each and every one of us left their hearts in in one way or the other . mum was born here where she grew up with my . they d lived here for many though until this day they were all in the daytime of . dad was a visitor many ago . he came specifically for the but when he laid on my mother in the evening before the sun to set he knew that he would stay here forever . now he works at the farmer s market . mum used to as well before she turned sick . now she stays in bed most days . as to me i never knew a life outside of and so this my home by default . i am twenty old and to this day i have never seen the of . i never seen the lit up red at night . i never met the stumbling through the streets with in their . i never spoken to their through the sound of loud music . not because i never to . since i was fourteen and walking through the main street i of a proper night out in the best place on earth . you know damn well you re not going to young lady my mum said . the younger of our town were all forbidden to see the despicable . they say it s too dangerous for us and there are too many and to oblige . nobody s would take the risk of their kin see this sinful area . though to be fair the older don t go either except if they have to work there . now of course i had my rebellious teenage where and i would get all up and try to sneak our way through the center . we got damn close once but the street was all dark by then . it was after am and nobody was on the streets after that time . i m not sure why that regulation but everyone that comes to town about this curfew . not even are on the street until the sun is back . i could swear that i still saw a group of people roaming through the streets that particular night but before we could go and check it out one of the local had spotted us and on us . i d never seen mum than that night . my rebellious stopped when mum getting sick . she was getting by the day her skin paler and her energy was slowly vanishing . not her optimism though . she was waiting for an organ transplant and while i felt for her often dad to be sure that she would receive one soon . she t the only one here with a heart failure however . many of the of our community from sickness . most got better though and hopefully mum would soon too . until that though we to fill the gap that was left now that mum t go to work and so i through the street in search of work . daytime work as i had to promise mum . i found work quite easily at the fashion outlet of . . she d received her new summer collection and was in need of helping . she very fairly and while the old lady always me when i was younger the work was easy and the shop had one of the best on the street . if you out the you saw s pub where often live would play and people went to drink and laugh together . on the right side was one of the many fun of the red light district . i t see much of what was going in there though as they d only come out at night . i d worked here for a week now and had gotten used to the labor quite well . . often stayed in the back while i was at the front and so our contact was limited much to my delight . child i have some to run . can you be a doll and lock up the store in half an hour ? sure thing . t . see you again tomorrow ! i said . it was pm and the sun would set soon . i already saw a change in the on the street people were shouting in glee and it just so damn fun . if i ever had a chance to join it was now . i felt it deep in my heart . tonight i would go out . my plan sure was a little impulsive but i had an idea on how to go out undercover . i the dress of the mannequin in the store window as well as the black wig it was wearing . i my that i was with a friend then i locked up the store and straight to the pub . the pub was quite full by the time i got there . i t recognize many people most and but they sure to have fun . that s when my towards the . it was jenna a girl i knew from my old school . you re working in the pub now ? i over the sound of music . jenna at me for a good second before her mouth formed into a grin . cassie ? what the hell are you out ? and what to your hair ? i . jenna and handed me a beer . i m going on my break now join me ? she said . we went to the back of the bar where jenna told me how she had dating one of the other . she met him during the day and they had been together for now . when he getting sick she took over his job at the bar . no idea what our were always on about . is brilliant . i mean i was also a job at the brothel but i definitely prefer this . i almost spit out my drink . who you a job there ? oh the owner . very sleazy guy . like hell i d work there . we for a little while longer before jenna had to go back to work . before we said she told me one last thing though . you should check out the club . every person i met there so far was pretty cool you find a crowd quickly . just make sure to be back home at . yeah right . i . no i m damn serious . whatever here after you don t see it . i thought about out the club but first i to roam the streets a little . i t keep my from all the big and . it as if this whole district had turned into a different world . i don t even know how much time had by the time i met . he stood there in a shirt and tie leaning on the wall of a store . it was just after one and the streets were slightly emptier . hey ! he towards me weird question but have you seen a guy with blonde hair dressed just the same as me ? i shook my head . nope sorry . long shot i guess . he . are you here on vacation ? no i live here . seriously ? his wide lucky ! this place is insane . i m here for a friend s bachelor s party . and you lost the bachelor ? i . no pretty sure the group went to a strip club but one of our other . maybe he s in there ? i pointed my finger towards the red . he you know there might be a chance . doubt his will like that though . alright let s give him the benefit of the doubt . i took a look at my watch i still had some time . if you like i can help you look for him ? that d be grand ! i m by the way . after a while of walking around and chatting we that he probably just went back to their hotel . it was almost too and had to leave . they had them about the curfew at the hotel and every other place they went to . he to walk me back to my parent s place but i made an excuse . i to go to the store real quick to bring back the dress and wig before . came back in the morning . we re here for a whole week maybe we could out again tomorrow ? . sure ! i knew i d have to make up a new plan but maybe jenna could help me out . pick me up at this store at ? i said and pointed towards the fashion outlet . attention ! attention ! the curfew will begin soon . go back to your or . i repeat leave the district now . i a voice blasting through the . i had to hurry . i ran inside the store and for my clothes . i tried getting out of the dress but it proved to be harder than i . i feeling out and decided to put the wig back on the mannequin in the store window and screw the dress . that s when i the outside . people were walking around with . i . if they saw me in here i would be in major trouble . and so my only idea was to freeze up . maybe they t notice me and think i was a mannequin too . i t believe that my terrible plan had worked but they were moving away again . i decided to stay there just a minute longer to make sure they were really gone . and that s when it . all the turned back on but this time something was terribly different . i saw the with the red but the in there t look at all like the i d seen . they were moving strangely as if their were not properly connected the outside of their was all black . they were on the opposite side of the street but i believe one of them saw me as she banging her against the window and mouthing something i t comprehend . the other her gesture . something was awfully off here . there were new people on the street . i had no idea where they even came from but there were more and more of them by the second . just like the none of these people were acting regularly . when they the pointing towards the shop i was standing in they suddenly towards me quickly . my heart racing and i that i had locked the door . i felt too to move . a group had formed in front of the store . they were banging against the window and now that i could see their i that all their were black they had all over their and were pale and skinny . some were dressed rather old fashioned . get out ! you don t belong here get out of here now ! they were screaming and shouting for what must have been before they finally left . the streets were empty again . whatever those were it as if they had simply . my whole body was aching from the pain of standing in one spot but i was too afraid to move just yet . and that s when i spotted something in the distance . it was a man with blonde hair dressed in a dirty suit . i assume that was the friend of . i m not sure where he had come out of but he sure intoxicated . i thought about opening the door for him . he was just a visitor maybe he t the rule . or maybe he was too drunk . before i could move however i already saw a door open . it was the door to one of the . the were still lit up in red but the were not in them . two big men out and him by the . they were shouting something i t hear . s friend tried to fight but he . then one of the men hit him right in the face while the other one up a knife . i had seen these men before . they were part of our community . i need to help him i whispered to myself as i finally my stiff body . that s when i felt a cold bony hand on my shoulder . child . he his faith when he stayed on the streets . it was . the owner of the shop . she must have come inside through the back . but they re hurting him we need to help ! i . he to stay on the streets of the night and that s what he will be doing now . he sure to enjoy our red light district . . came close far too close for my opinion . her were opening up wide as she was smelling my face . a shiver went down my spine but i stayed frozen waiting for her next step . her head moving further down until she was smelling my chest . she suddenly stepped away her face turned into a grimace of disgust . iron . i smell iron in there but it s not right . it nasty and sick . just like your mother s . does that mean you will stay and do as told ? i sure hope so . i m not sure what you are talking about . look child . two of people . the who work to keep our community at bay . the behind the the who make sure everyone their debt and of course the who work at day but know to keep their closed and their shut . and then there are the . most of them leave their money with us and make sure to disappear before the clock . we warn them don t we ? but the that don t listen can t be . and so they pay their debt to us in another way . i shook my head . . s mouth turned into a crooked smile . well it like they caught the boy . can t do much now . don t worry though they always clean the blood before the return . what will they do to him ? i whispered . . . does it matter ? your mother could finally be the one a new heart . eye my name is and the story i ' m about to tell you will give you some knowledge when i turned is when it it was a regular night finished opening my you know the usual . any way i was outside when it came down it was a small bullet shaped metal ship and i went over to it when it open and a man stepped out covered in blood . he told me not to run for his message was important and i ' m a brave killer who will do anything for or family . so i and when he told me the message is when it . he gave me a of paper that was old and brittle it whom ever this or is given this will be given the job of cleansing earth from these and will no longer be a normal living human . you will become faster more alert and more brave . this rune will be burned on your wrist so you know which of your team is i finished reading it he handed me the bag of what felt like then he at me and said . you need to find to help you cleanse the earth humanity on it . when i at the bag it to glow in different colors when i back he had turned to dust and his ship was no longer there . the last sentence . humanity on it . i went to bed scarred and confused i put the bag and letter with my the next morning is when got strange . i went to examine the in the bag when one of the a pistol with a bullet under and i put it on my wrist like all the i had done which had no effect but this one turned red and orange and felt like millions of in my skin . i tried screaming but only a slight breath came out then darkness i woke up and was still on my bed . i at my wrist which still stinger some and saw the pistol and in a perfect circle when it hit me i was the gunner i have more experience with and am super good with people i ' shot with call me when i at the other i saw a boomerang a book two crossing and a skull with cross . i sat on my bed for a while thinking about it when i i know four people who match these . here are their and their good with poison and chemistry the crossbones josh over and can read over the can make any thing into a blade and more agility of stabbing than anyone i know the finally he can throw a boomerang with ease and it will always hit the target the boomerang . i hope they believe me if not this earth could become ashes and no life will be seen again . wonderland amusement park . that place been scarred into my mind ever since the incident . it was mid winter in the year i was in college and working towards a major in a film academy in china . i was a sophomore at the time and one of my final was to create a story sort of like a stop motion film . i and a small group of i was great with had an idea to create some sort of horror story with our project . one of them brought up the wonderland amusement park in the district and we all agreed to take a road trip to the park to take . the road trip went swimmingly we a lot of and while our equipment in the trunk . once we the district it was midday and we not to stay in a hotel for the night since we were broke college and we t waste any more money than we already have . once we at wonderland amusement park we immediately unloaded all the equipment we had and taking . there was absolutely nothing at the entrance and outside area of the park . not a single mile of vegetation can be seen as there was nothing but sand . we the car near the entrance gate as we made sure to get in and out so as to not get in trouble by any authority that may look for . to say the place was desolate was an understatement . i seen of the park beforehand when i them up on but the tell only half of the story . dust was everywhere were hollow and the only had wooden there was no pavement to speak of as all we had to walk on was dead dried out grass . we decided to set up shop at the empty castle in the middle of the park . we had one of our take as they behind us . after a few we through the castle and we one of our was missing we went to go look for them . we were that something must have to them when they t respond from our name calling . once we came down to the basement area of the middle castle we found them squatting down on the dirt . they up at us and waved they were only a joke we in relief but if only we knew we were being too safe . as we were taking in the basement all of us a long high sound that could be from deep in the boiler room as if long were scratching the . immediately we to the i was in the front and i turned around to see a large furred quadrupedal beast to us and biting the leg of the person in the back . loud screaming of our friend could be as and we ' t look back ever again not even until our group ran back into the car and back to the city . all of us were quiet on the ride back . it was obvious we were all thinking of the eardrum shattering screaming of our friend we left behind sadly none of us took a picture of the beast in our haste but one thing for certain is that we have never come back . during the week of the event all of us were on damage control . one of us informed the and of the companion we lost in the basement . another the police and gave about the beast we saw the t give us any information on what they found in the basement leaving us in the dark . later and i only keep in contact with one of the in our group . the rest i had left behind once i out of college sadly i haven t from them in the last thing they sent me was a text message that they a dog they yelling and whimpering from the only to find out that their dog was brutally . a huge open wound down the middle of their underside and they later said that they were going to investigate that s the last form of contact i had with them and that was over a month ago he lived by himself and i had no way to contact any of those who lived close to him . i am writing my story now as i been concerned that the beast found me . the sound of scratching metal been often at night when i try to go to sleep for the past few days . i assume it s just scavenging the trash outside my apartment but my fear of what could happen me too frozen to investigate . it is currently am as i finish writing this . wonderland amusement park since been torn down and with a shopping district but the beast in its is still out there somewhere i just know met the love of my life on my lunch break . i was a into my mouth while leaning forward on the painted wooden bench in the park near my office . the weather was perfect . lush green leaves were swaying in the whispering breeze but i felt like i was being watched . i up from my meal which had coated my in dripping and bacon grease . i then her on a bench to the left of me a fair faced girl in a ratty hoodie with the most stunning i d ever seen . i gave a small smile and waved a grease hand instantly cringing at how awkward i was . though my find my impression of a drunken funny charisma is generally not one of my . the girl in the oversized just at me . she was absolutely beautiful . a pixie cut of dark hair out from under the large hood . she had a dusting of on high . a small yet elegant nose was reminiscent of . her graceful curled up at the but her are what sped up my heart in my chest . wide of wonder fitted with beautiful brown . they were looking at me in curious fascination not judgment but intrigue . as i down a bite of my messy sandwich i felt stir in my stomach . i tried to swallow the large morsel of food before speaking . nice day i love this park i spoke but the were muffled by the large chunk of sandwich i d to force down . and then i felt the ball of bread lodge in my throat . i my cardboard cup of soda only to find it was empty . my face felt hot and i out but was unable to breathe in . i was choking . she watched me for a minute as i from the bench before taking charge . she then ran up to me and wrapped her slender arms around my torso heaving up under my as pain shot out from within me . on the fourth painful constriction the clump of greasy bread was from my gaping mouth a of that rolled onto the grass . she d saved my life . thank you i as she led me to the bench by an elbow . i must have tried to inhale my sandwich came out . i d battled with and firmly decided against a corny line about how she d taken my breath away . she said extending a slender hand that poked out from the cuff of that . your drink s empty . she at my cup then back at me with her captivating . can i . . . buy you one ? her voice was like honey in warm water . yes a hundred times yes . i ' d love that i said more sincerely than any other time in my life . we went to a local bar and drank the afternoon away . i work saying i had a health emergency and told me about her of moving out of her parent s house and becoming a famous artist . she was a painter but between day and living with her at the moment while she sorted out . i told her about my mundane existence of for a company and my passion for golden age cinema . i her to dash out of the booth and the pub s door at any moment . based on the of interest of other i t the only one who thought she was stunning . yet she only and her lovely as she expressed a similar passion for classic . i was head over . with each word she spoke about the fast lived romance had with peck or about how rock had been for his my heart rushed with blood . i tried to brace myself for it all to suddenly end . i her to look at the time and excuse herself realizing her mistake but she only watched me with wide eyed wonder . as if i was interesting too . after a few of up at me with her big during a pause in our . my are home and i really don t want to be there right now . can we go to your apartment ? my mind into worry . what if this was some long con ? what if she was to rob me ? i weighed these but my heart was already firmly decided . i my head yes and and though she i our tab . we then hand in hand to my apartment . we spent the evening on my couch chatting about politics and everything under the sun . eventually she over and me . let s go to bed she whispered coyly . i spare you the of the best evening of my life . she stayed the night . i still kept waiting for it to end abruptly but she stayed naked and curled next to me . she truly happy just as i was . we were together nearly every day that week . she d wait for me in the park a worn book in her as i through of code and about her . my my glow and even made some about how i must have gotten laid but they t deserve to know . each day i at the clock counting the the until i could go out and embrace . i was well aware after the fourth day we d spent together i was in love . she was smart an old soul with classic beauty . and she saw beyond my hair and belly fat . she was the only person who to really see me for who i was not just the superficial everyone else always to fixate on . i even this to her one evening as we watched s rope on my couch . she raised her head to give me a kiss on the cheek and said something that stuck with me . we can change who we are on the outside . it s what s inside that . you can t alter that . i found the statement a bit strange . t one to wear of any sort . it s not like she to she was stunningly beautiful . there were also a few other odd about her that i t quite figure out . though i frequently expressed interest in seeing her she to share them . she also made it very clear she did not want her photo taken often how never accurately depict people . she t have or either and to join social media despite me explaining that she d need to get both herself and her work in order to advance in the . secondly she always a bit nervous at the mention of her . they re very particular she might say or i want you to meet them but only when it s the right time . after two of dating i her to move in with me . she told me she d agree if her did and me to join them for dinner at the end of the week . i the sweat on my brow . i d never been in a full on relationship before . meeting the . i got a haircut and a shave and a crisp new dress shirt for the occasion . when i my morning cup of coffee my heart was pounding the entire day . when i finally left the office and met in the park she assured me with a sweet smile and a soft kiss that they were very agreeable and there was nothing to be concerned about . she my hand and me past the park to the streets and we walking . she led me past the block after block of to a residential area filled with . they were colorful and quaint albeit less upscale than those in the surrounding . i was she spent so much time at the park near my office as she lived a good away . soon enough was tugging my hand up some concrete to a home that to be a bit of a relic old peeling paint on wooden siding likely in the s . stop being nervous ! she that beautiful smile and led me through the threshold into the house . ! dad ! we re here ! a musty odor filled my as she led me across old carpeting deep into the long narrow home . it was a railroad style house and the was bizarre . old porcelain every available surface . ceramic once popular in the s and watched from the and . it was unnaturally humid in that dimly lit residence and i felt the dampness cling to my and face as led me through room after room of endless until we the entrance to a dining room . i could soon make out two still seated at a table watching us intently . something was very wrong with them . some uncanny valley effect that triggered some primordial fear within my brain . as s gentle hand led me into the dining room and closer to them i understood what was wrong . the seated life sized were not flesh at all . they were painted with and and rosy smiling . two watching with painted . what s going on ? i hearing the crack in my voice . meet my and barb . i been telling them so much about you genuinely engaged in the charade . i smelled it then . the sweet stink of decay from the seated who s waxen painted on the table . there was a dark stain on the tablecloth under each hand . the had been . don t be rude say hello whispered under her breath . i i m i realizing then these were not simply . a wave of nausea and horror washed over me as i fully what i was seeing . they were in fact s . dead and glazed over with a thick shell of paint as they decomposed from within . these were s . i unable to hold back my reaction . you re just like the rest from behind me . i in agony at feeling a sharp sting in my shoulder . i at the aching muscle and my hand brushed across the slim plunger of a hypodermic needle . my vision blurred and i immediately understood that had me with something . it ' t matter really . after a coat of primer you be a fresh new canvas . my heart as my eyesight dimmed and i out of the dining room as terror washed over me . i was going to die here . i fought to stay upright as i through the dark in a panic . was and me of something but her were hazy in and out so that only a few were intelligible . i was lost all sense of direction gone as the array of closed on every side left me trapped . i one and twisted the knob feeling my rubbery hand slip and fumble before finally opening the door . a wave of stench me to retch . my blurry vision to make out the looming in the room all watching me with painted lifeless . it was a room of men some seated and some standing . painted over of those who d come before me . please don ' t be jealous a bodiless voice spun around my head . the seven all watched me with unsettling as my vision . this is where i would die and rot i . a painted carcass among the rest of them . the adrenaline finally in . i blindly swung a numb arm with who a yelp and i back through the spinning room to the other hazy . i tried to speed up but my body was barely . i felt a sharp sting on my and down to see an open gash red . had a knife . i to get away from her staggering through the hallway back towards the murky entrance . don t worry i can paint over the s calm voice stated from behind . i to a door a sliver of daylight through the . another stabbing pain in my back hit me as i out into the evening s dark sky . get back here ! i down the few onto the street with a fleshy smack . i lay there unable to move a muscle . i was totally . and from outside my view . i at the above me until they dimmed and the world went black . i woke in the hospital to see a concerned looking nurse hovering over me . she informed me gently that i d been in the street by a worker . he had fought off a knife woman that had to have been . my blood a mix of and and the nurse i was very lucky to be alive . if i d a few later i likely ' t have made it . the disturbing of the investigation came in during my recovery . had fled on foot and her home had been . the of seven missing men were discovered within painted over with thick of oil paint and sealed with . was still missing but not just her . her were not in that home either . the only sign that they had been there were the dark at the dining room table and two of fetid black leading across the carpet and outside into the test divination by the use of note the following was a web camera in the patient s family den patient es into room and on by three more young and carrying and es after dinner and my she make some popcorn . so what should we do first ? the other sit on the rug in front of the we could play a game . what about truth or dare ? we did that last time . a movie ? es our player s broken . on i have an idea . her and out a calculator and a blue spiral notebook which she and to a blank page where she writing remember we were learning about today ? why don t we try that number thing they used to do ? oh the future telling one ? right but remember ? it was supposed to tell you about who a person is their what did she call it true nature . to so it tell us that you re boy crazy ? a pillow and it at es sure let s do it . so who s going to go first ? let s do . to so we need your full name . it s so we es to es what ? es i don t know . that was weird . anyway we turn the into . so l is the to entering into the calculator and n is which is . . f said we have to have a one digit number so we have to add the one and nine and two which is and the one and two is three . the turn to look at es how did you do that ? es i i have no idea it just came out . it felt right . that was a good guess . i go next . my name is . es five . you did it again ! did that feel right too ? es i guess . she s right ! what the hell ! how are you doing this ? did you add them all up before we got here ? es no i swear ! maybe she s just really good at this like a what do they call them ? a servant ? savant . what s your number then ? es i don t know ! you don t have a number this time ? es no what s your name ? i do the math . es nine . nine ! she said nine ! to well ? right again . this is crazy . she to be trolling us . let s do someone who s not here . how about someone from school ? fine . let s do . we need his middle name . softly you would know that . sticks her tongue out at so it s . es yep . phone alison right ! how about patient s mother the room time to get ready for dinner ! we re . es . to your father some food for you since you can t eat . i warm it up in the microwave . thanks . . leaves should we tell her ? es no ! i mean maybe later . this is too weird . it s . i think this is kind of cool . es let s just go eat ? return to the den sit side by side on the es so what movie do we want to wait ! we never did ! es what ? the math thing ! we never did hey that s right ! es can we just watch the movie ? i am kind of curious . come on this is the last one . promise . es es fine . my full name is . es s face of color . her grow wide and her mouth goes slack . she off the couch to the floor and to scramble backwards . her mouth moving but we are unable to hear what she is saying . the other look uncomfortable . as she into the wall es s voice to grow in volume until we can make out what she is saying . es zero zero zero es at the couch streaming down her face es into the room end transmission agent patient se been brought to the facility and put under heavy sedation after to be inconsolable . the method of information of divination to the proved to be very effective . may use again in the future . hereby known as patient fp also been collected . further testing is . another sleepless night had as i blankly into my computer monitor . i lazily through gaming and funny . insomnia hit me hard tonight as i tried desperately to relax my mind but found myself caught up in the endless digital world " the " . an unexpected sight was seen from the corner of my eye . the small led light on my phone was blinking i had a notification . what kind of notification could i be this deep into the night ? i my phone and lit up the screen . " call " strange i ' t hear it ring . this late i usually have it on vibrate but with it sitting on my desk i usually could not only hear it but feel it through the through my . i was confused but . . . the number back . the call rang several times as i patiently for an answer . just as i figured it was going to go to a sound was . " h . . . hello ? " a female voice groggily on the other end . " oh . . . . . . hi ! " i awkwardly . " . . . sorry if i ' m you but . . . i just got a call from your phone number " . " i ' m sorry . . . but that can ' t be right . i ' m asleep in bed and nowhere near my phone " she sluggishly as i clearly woke her up . i to feel bad that i had up this poor elderly woman . " oh my gosh i ' m sorry ma ' am . maybe it was just a weird hiccup with my phone . i apologize " i said my hand on my forehead in embarrassment . " quite alright sweetie . have a good night " she said in a lighthearted tone . we said our and i was a tad relieved she ' t too terribly upset with me . still . . . i was a bit embarrassed . i continued my love affair and all but put the awkward call out of my mind when . . . another indicator light on my phone . " call " " what the hell ? " i whispered to myself . confusion hit me as i on the notification . it was the same number . the same number i had from the elderly ladies phone . i if i should call back . maybe she figured out what and to let me know . i back . " hello ? " a familiar voice said a little more sternly this time . " i ' m . . . i ' m sorry ma ' am . i just got another call from you . did you try calling me back ? " i said trying to sound as innocent as possible as to not frighten this poor woman . " my dear i have not touched my phone since we last spoke . now please i have a very early day tomorrow and really need my rest " she sternly . " again i apologize . good night ma ' am " i once again my hand on my forehead . the sight hit me once more . several and another indicator light on my phone was blinking at me . . . almost me . " call " it was the same number again . i let out a sigh and put my phone back on the desk . this time i turned my on to see if i could hear it next time . i did . a quick was by silence . " " i at my phone waiting for another call . a few more as i with my finger close to the screen ready to pounce on the next call . my in as the phone lit up with the same number calling me . " hello ? " i quickly . shuffling was in the background as i repeated my greeting twice more . nothing . her phone must be dialing on its own . . . like some sort of . i hung up . almost as soon as i hung up it ringing again . i quickly . " hey ! hello ? ma ' am can you hear me ? your phone is . . . " i was interrupted by another sound . at what i could only imagine was the other end of the room i the of who i assumed was the elderly lady but closer to the phone . . . i a voice . " mine . . . you belong to me . . . no more pain . . . your pain . . . is almost over . . . the pain . . . the pain of life . . . you will thank me . . . " a raspy deep voice was saying . " . . . who is this ? ! " i into the phone . no answer . a small laugh was from the same voice . i to panic . someone was in this old ladies house . was this man calling me to hear whatever he was ? i hung up and to call the police . mid dial my phone lit up with the same number . i . . . again . the same man ' s were . more of the same . . . about life . . . and pain . this person was clearly . i my mouth to speak but was interrupted by . . . another voice . this voice however had a much different inflection . " four . . . two . . . six . . . seven . . . " the soft feminine voice said quietly . the voice was almost seductive as she spoke . " wait . . . what ? who are you ? four two six seven ? what is this ? " i in a panic . click . the call hung up again . four two six seven ? what was the voice trying to tell me ? was that another prisoner of this psychotic man ? as if on cue . . . my phone once again awoke with the same phone number staring back from the screen . i . more . . . of this disturbed man ' s whispering could be only . . . they were further away and barely audible . he was moving towards the elderly woman . i to panic at the realization . " the street . . . " a soft feminine voice was again . " . . . what ? " i confused . " the street . . . of hope . . . " she slowly . " i don ' t know what your . . . " i stopped what i was saying as i what this could mean . the call ended on my phone as i ' t believe what it was . " the street of hope " . once block away from my house was . . . hope street . a quick glimpse on my program me the address . hope street . i was close . i picked up my phone but this time . . . i was not calling the elderly woman ' s number back . i was the police . after trying to make my story as believable as possible blaming it on a " butt dial " i to get them to head to her house . and flashing were soon from the neighborhood across the way . i ' t see what was happening . . . just the blue and red . an hour later there was a knocking at my door . it was the police . in a search of her house the police were able to apprehend a " mentally unstable " man who had just from a local psychiatric hospital . he was a small steak knife from the woman ' s kitchen . my mind as i the other person in the house who gave me the address . they were confused as only the deranged man and elderly woman were found in the house . they did find her on the other side of the room from where she was sleeping . when the police her phone to verify my story there was an unsent text . . . a text that was being sent . . . to my number . the text simply read " it ' s not time yet " . sweat through the blue fabric of my t shirt . my heart against my chest and pool in my . i stare at the blanketed figure of my friend sleeping peacefully in her sleeping bag . the darkness that from the roof of the tent is away by the occasional peep of moonlight creeping between the waving tree . outside the tent snap leaves crunch the dying fire crackle tree knock against each other . the grass of wind as it the dancing creek water . snap . . . snap . . . snap . . . i bring a hand up my over my trying to control my rapid . i hear a noise and the crack cracking of . something across the of the camp fire and over the night breeze i hear a whine as the creature outside the hot . i hear the of and our cooler being and . i feel something press against my back . the tent ripple as the creature the thin fabric with dreadfully long . the claw up my spine through the tent and at the base of my neck . the heavy breathing of the creature right through the canvas and my ear . i shiver and just as the gripping crawl up my backside and reach the claw the creature . the deep throaty laugh is enough to wake my friend . she over in her sleeping bag and at me with tired . i quickly bring a shaky finger the rest vertically over my . my friend s glare goes from to quizzical to frightened in a matter of . her dart from my finger to directly behind me and widen . my whole body to shiver uncontrollably as we both begin to panic . the claw and the creature leaves . later i hear another deep laugh . then a scream . then the unmistakable rip of canvas . the volume of the grew and until they in a squelch of silence . my friend and i stiffly straight in our sleeping covered and closed from our . the morning sun over the tree coated . the gleam of the saving grace of the blinding star the . my friend works up enough courage to slowly the tent door . the paleness of the world outside into the near pitch black interior of the tent . she outside and nothing but the scraggly bare . she carefully out of the tent . she up and around with worried the of her button up pajama shirt in her fist . let s get out of here ! she harshly . right now ! i scramble out of the tent and we sprint for the truck that is a short distance away from our . as we re tripping up a hill we hear a wicked scream . too high and feral to even remotely resemble a human voice . i squeal and sink my into the tough dirt . heavy thud against the ground tearing through leaves and yellow grass . my friend around the truck as i dive into the passenger side . my friend and until she a ranger s station . she inside and a while later . we drive home . at the no creature was found . however the bloodied of our other were scraped up from around the along with out gear . all that was found of the beast were of bizarre animal and deep scratches into the surrounding . late at night or i should say early in the morning my friend and i were eating leftover cake from our other friend s funeral and ranting about heinously perfect at our school . the subject of the conversation from the bleach blonde cheer captain to the of our . our lower as we begin to talk about the creature . i m telling her about the claw running up my spine when speak of the devil we hear a blood chilling screech . we both whip around to the sliding glass door . standing outside in the freezing autumn air is a pale bony figure . the large dark sunken and grimy teeth twist around in a rabid grin . wickedly long dangle from its scrawny . it to take very and large for the door . we yelp and turn to run . our reach for the door handle of the front door as the glass sliding door . i woke up in a sweat like i had so many times before . it had been since i last saw him . those bloodshot and pale skin never fail to make me lose sleep . as a child i saw him frequently . he had a name that i could never recall . you probably know how when you wake up from a dream it s hard to remember the . what i do remember is that i would call him more of a monster than a human but other than that and the fact that our always ended with a choking feeling him was a challenge . seeing him when i was conscious made it much less difficult . my made me see a therapist when i was seven . it like every time i saw him staring at me another small bit of my sanity was chipped away . most nights i t even dream about him but the anticipation of his presence affected me just as much as actually seeing him . as i had none of my were of any help . part of it was my fault since i often to with them simply because they t my so i t have to . the got worse over time and sleep deprivation quickly a problem in my everyday life . i fell behind in school had trouble making and through life bedtime . then one day the stopped altogether . my sleep schedule more normal and i up the of a life broken by a man who only in my imagination . my happier because i was happier . i brought my up made more and even tried out a few sports . i was becoming a normal which was all i . something about my life was off though and i knew it always would be . the that i don t remember a thing about today affected me so deeply that they have the course of my life forever . i t go anywhere without the same thought in the back of my mind he could be here with me . i checked under my bed and in my closet every night before going to sleep . a few nights ago i out my window and saw him staring back at me . i to do something like call the or scream but all i could manage to do was look back at him both of us not moving a muscle . i turned away and buried my face in my pillow . after a couple of silence i in my room and then i was rolled over and something was caught in my throat . i woke up sweating for the first time in almost a year . i had briefly at it was loud enough to cause my to rush into the room . i saw that my window was fine and decided not to tell them . all i said was that i had a nightmare and i was fine . my dad to believe me but my gave me a look of worry as she left the room . she knew that i had of him again but t bring it up because i t want her to . a few nights later i had more or less . i a couple over josh and . my were flying to san for the weekend and me to take care of myself . i was excited to enjoy the weekend without them me . we were in my roasting s mores when something caught my eye . i at one of the and saw a face inside of it a face that i all too well . i had never had a hallucination before but it was the only logical explanation . at least it was until one of my pointed him out . what the hell there s a guy in that bush ! . his yellow teeth were on full display as his curled into a smile . i picked up a rock and threw it at him but . my did the same but both t hit him either . he to stand up and i ran inside my house josh and both trailing behind me . i let them both get inside then the door and turned the lock . the door t lock though . the handle to be broken and it t even close properly let alone lock . i desperately a chair and it up against the door knowing that it would buy us at best . i told my to head out the front door and call the . they why i t go with them but took off when they saw the man trying to open the door . i a baseball bat from my room then in my closet . i the chair falling and the door opening by slow . they eventually the bedroom i was in . i nervously down and a plane ticket on the ground . i smelt the stench of alcohol outside the door and suddenly understood everything . all of those long i t at all . those being down my throat were to make me forget . the man tormenting me night after night was the same one who raised me . that t change how much of a monster he is it was a land where the night on forever and the heat boiled in the soil long after the sun had been by the darkness . me and my two good and were . born and raised in the same suburban we were through mateship . after school the three of us somewhat split mack and myself went to college went on to join the military . however through it we never lost our together and to ensure that we never did a tradition was born . japan all the small odd of we d been next to everywhere . it was a vacation that the three of us exclusively a trip for annually . now in our early we d seen a fair amount . the different music the go on . in that time as one could imagine the trouble we d gotten ourselves in . getting lost in rural unknown t an unfamiliar occurrence for us but we d always to pull through just fine in the end . but i guess luck can run out . it was a activity of ours and where better than rural ? on the bottom side of the earth where the we were born under were now foreign . besides could you really say you travelled the world if you haven t been to the one and only land down under ? it was a wonder we t been before . despite the foreign country that we admittedly t know much about other than the land s affinity for deadly we were eager to dive all in head first . we d touched down in before out a jeep for a couple and headed up over to where we stayed at the campground nearby for a night or two before moving on . we d done a couple quick which now that i look back on it really wished i had done more thoroughly and thought it a smart idea to simply cut through the northern territory and head straight into off road and all . perhaps we had a little too much faith in our . i m not going to lie reliable or not everywhere we d been in the service had been pretty . it t any better in the outback . as you could expect we got lost . very lost . of course we d a couple extra gas or jerry but alas we burnt through those then we d be willing to admit . we out in the car for a day or so someone would come by but it was obvious the only people around that could help us were ourselves . so eventually we up only the bare and our which were effectively useless with no of reception . i t tell you how long we . i t say it was days and despite been in the military for however many now this was no bear episode . in fact if it t for we d probably still be back there . eaten away by the red terrain of the hungry earth of the outback . luckily for us knew a thing or two on the southern cross . we were already lower side northern territory we figured at some point we d have to hit the border of south or a road of some point . it was who kept us on track with our and overall kept up moral . i have him to thank forever for effectively saving my life at least for that long . if it were just me on my own it me to admit i would have to the parch burning at the back of my throat and the choking sensation of something standing right behind me but alas i was all alone excluding and mack of course . i remember pushing through the of darkness one night worn boots across the coarse ground . i d been in desolate before where intelligent life for on other than my two but the silence that we through was one that i ' to forget . it was deafening smothering it sat in the pit of your stomach and weighed on your . nothing but silence the shuffling of and the haggard that t seem to suck the air back up fast enough . i for whatever reason had it fit i took the lead despite not being the one . i guess it was just a domineering trait of mine one that conflict within me to arise whenever i ponder if at the time that had been a good or bad thing . perhaps it was a good thing as it meant i t have to look back . which to anyone who t there must seem like a silly thing . but oh i can t describe to you how much i looking back at the time . to breathless to speak we all travelled in silence and with not much else to do it a desperation to find something anything to listen too . which for me was merely the breathing of my companionship . it was i guess . the reassurance that i t alone something that i could pace my own breathing to . i can t convey the i need to describe the nausea felt when i four lots of haggard breathing . i remember freezing right in my . there was the overwhelming urge to look back however a certain primal fear in me rather made me question why nobody had my sudden halt in pace . it was then i i t remember the last time i the shuffling of over earth other than mine . the breathing continued three more other than mine but the of never . i thought briefly perhaps i was the third set of maybe and mack had but still t caught their enough to talk . i for a moment longer staring into the inky abyss ahead of me urging the of warm that would eventually splash across the sky to hurry in its ascent . maybe the prayer was busy because there was no response from god . i think back and i remember that feeling . an ice that had settled in my that i d to until i once again . no there was no god there he t reach into whatever darkness that the land there . so at the time i did the only thing i thought was a rational response at the time . since obviously i t going to turn around i did the next best thing . i my phone and kept walking . i t explain to you why i was so convinced that i had to keep facing forward but maybe by some chance though god t enter this darkness his could carry far enough to warn me of the danger that likely no further then a few behind me for what had to be . however despite my to evoke a response from the two i found myself choking on the terrifying . there was no way they could miss that . even under the of ink in heavens the illumination of the moon was enough to bring the of every potentially terrifying figure in the distance to life . at the time i thought surely they d pick my phone up for me and at the very least try and string out something intelligible from their raspy to let me know i had it . for a long while i if my phone was still there sitting out in the desert on the opposite side of the world or whether some animal had found it and off with it . i if someone else had upon it and each time i did i felt guilty . guilty knowing that the phone only as a symbol of the despair to come . despite the overwhelming paranoia eating away at my consciousness i forward perhaps with more motivation this time . i must have for another hour or so and i promise you in that time not once did i stop or glance anywhere but straight forward . the only shuffling of foots to be were my own but the breathing never . i was . afraid because eventually i knew i would have to look back and when i did what would i find ? and if i turned only to find it was nothing that the breathing was in my head i was afraid because where had and mack gone ? believe it or not it t easy to lose someone in the empty of the desert . you could shout and your voice would carry for . that was when by some miracle i upon a road . not or particularly large but a road nonetheless . at this point i was seriously considering my life to god and becoming whatever the male equivalent of a nun was if there even was one . there was only one problem . the road to my left and right . if you haven t caught on yet i d been turning around to any degree . so i was left with a serious problem . turn around and finally face my or continue forward and hope i upon another road before my gave in under my body s own weight . at the time neither was a viable option for me so instead i stood . stock still by the edge of the unpaved road and by god that the breathing behind me t decide to keep walking forward anyway . and by some luck they at what like the same distance as before while i cautiously slipped my bag from my bag to ruffle around in it in hope of finding a torch of some sort or anything really to distract myself with . i could continue to describe to you in detail the kind of bone chilling heart sinking dread i experienced in those . but instead i ' briefly skip over what had to be of waiting by the road in hopeless anticipation of car passing by urging every in my body to keep myself upright while i with my empty flask once filled with water at some i considered calling out for and but each time the sunk in my throat and i eventually came to the conclusion that my unconscious self just might know more about my current situation than my conscious self did . now i eternally thank for saving my life thus far but it t be true at all if it t for someone else entirely . a young woman whose name i could still hear in my but can never seem to translate into comprehensive in her worn pick up truck came bubbling down the road in the dead of night . the relief and terror i felt when its came in my peripheral vision could only be as the most immense and intense i d experienced in a lifetime . not even the grief for the two i d call my disappearance quite up with it . perhaps it was selfish and the guilt eats at me everyday for it but now that i had for the with each day that the more i was sure that i would have lost a whole lot more than my life if i d never gotten in that vehicle that night . desperate i my arms in that they would pull over and sure enough a white pick up truck came stuttering to a halt right in front of me . from the seat a young woman maybe in her early a curious brow at me . what the hell are you doing out here ? i almost . a weight was . it was like all the dread and aching of tired and sore had . realistically i knew my exhausted body was still waiting for the euphoria of relief to disappear but the feeling of no longer being alone was easily the second most intense feeling i d ever experienced . the woman rolled her dark muttering to herself well get in you look like . i t hesitate open the door and right inside the fear of turning long forgotten . i m sure the pure i d used to shut the door and the eagerness to slap on my belt would have odd to any other person but looking over to her that woman with the dark hair back into a simple and the amused gleam in her i was under the impression that the vehicle i d gotten in t necessarily any than back outside . unfortunately i knew it was the only option left for me if i a solid chance of getting out of alive that is . she was quick to take off soon afterwards and i got the impression she was just as much aware of what could be in the darkness . the truck was small but cosy . the outside was a little worn but the inside was very well taken care of . a couple were thrown across the back seat and an empty baby booster was strapped in the middle of the . i my at it before glancing back over at the woman who was easily going over km an hour at the time . you got a ? i remember the pain that shot through my throat at the simple . she you sound like too . there s some water in the console help ya self . not one to complain for small i drank the entire bottle the cool liquid serving as relief for the fire sizzling in my . surprisingly i t as tired at the time as i thought i would be . perhaps it was the fear knowing i still t quite the dread of looking outside and looking whatever had stood behind me in the eye . also it s for my nephew . i a million in my head but the uncertainty of where to start kept them tame in my mind . eventually i found the right . is this a busy road ? . i half her to elaborate but apparently not . i d found up until now most of the s i had were great but i suppose that t apply to everyone . maybe the accent had something to do with it had an assertive tone to it . honestly i was almost when she continued the conversation herself . so how d you find yourself out here ? i was hesitant to say anything at first but it t hurt i let her in on original plan . i let her know how we d gotten lost and gotten from from my at some point . leaving out the whole breathing thing obviously . at the time i remember glaring at my while i this to her i remember what like a freshly carpet and polished dashboard . i remember because i remember looking up in surprise at the outrageous casualness in her next . she they re dead . i d gotten mad at the time slipped a few unfriendly in and boldly a couple of how dare you s ! . she was talking about my family for sake . surprisingly though she t reply nearly as upset as i thought she would . instead despite the lethal she was at she calmly coolly twisted my way to look my in the . in that instant i felt my anger dissipate then i thought humanely possible . it felt unnatural almost as if my anger had been stolen from me rather then put out . glancing back to the road she her throat . yeah i get where you re from but i m just it how it is . you re pretty damn lucky you re here with me now . staring at her strangely i felt at that time was the better time than to ask a few more that i did certainly sound a little crazy . what could have them ? i don t i don t even understand how they could have like that . it just t make any sense she cut me off bud sense round here right ? just roll wit it . i my that sinking feeling of danger growing . you don t seem to care very much that two people potentially just lost their . a toothy grin a grin that an intention i could never quite place curled at her . and you seem awful calm for someone who just found out two of his are dead . frozen the in my throat . she t wrong . sure i was pretty but what kind of person could rationally hold a conversation like this after everything ? at first i thought i was in shock but i knew it was wishful thinking . to this day i still don t know . i m not entirely sure whether that kind of coldness had always been inside of me simply unearthed or whether it was in me from the ice cold terror that sunk in my during that night that to melt away . yet another guilt to suffocate in . you know she you re the second person i ever seen on this road before . quite numbly i over at her half stuck in my still trying to register the previous statement . you use this road often ? oh yeah she a couple of times a month at least . and nobody else this road ? she in amusement nobody with any would come down this way . . . . . why not ? god that grin . it spread across her as if that was exactly what she was me to say . the atmosphere in that car . it felt like that entire night had been one big game like all i was some sort of predictable creature beneath her to be used and with . she course ya don t know her dark flickering over my way this entire area is you know . i froze at the it felt like an affirmation . not by though she on not those harmless something much meaner though . i felt like all the air in the vehicle had been from the truck . . . . and these . . . mean ? they re why nobody this road ? her grin grew why d you think i m flogging it down the road as fast as i am now ? that one sentence still me up at night . it made me wonder just how fast those mean could go . they t because in comparison were harmless . and that me . then why d you pull over for me ? i over at her curiously heart twisting in all the wrong ways as i fearfully looking out her window . she s not me they re interested in . i think i might have shat my pants a little bit then . and they re interested in me ? she shook her head . not so much . s why they got those of yours and not you . i my but i thought i them following me before ? i could hear their breathing three of them . i t hear any . this time she staring at the street ahead of her . it was silent for a few it was deafening quiet and i was too afraid to question why the rolling across the dirt road t make any noise . slowly she twisted her head to face me not to slow down but rather up the speed . ah mate scratch that then . it took all of my will to choke out my next scratch what ? she back at the road . scratch them not being interesting in ya . they re more than interested in you in that case . i could hear my heart in my head i felt like my chest would explode . why ? she shook her head for a second jaw opening only to clack shut as she seemingly for the right to say . look those this t the only place where you find em . she those ? they re everywhere . not just in the desert but in your in your garage behind the bedroom door you forgot to close properly . everywhere . you won t seem em and if you do you won t know it s them . that door that you swore you shut a couple ago ? that light you your life on that you turned off ? them . that scratching in your roof and at night when you already had the place checked out for or or whatever ? them . her grip on the wheel . everywhere . probably right here in the car with us too . the car to take off faster the jolt throwing me back against the seat . these usually leave most people alone but every now and then someone will disappear in the night and never be found again . you re cause they were right on through a whole nest of em this is practically their breeding grounds . you however they don t want you dead . i t know what to say and i don t know if i could but she continued for me anyway . listen i m heading over towards border i can drop you off at a servo or something . i want you to grab a taxi or something and get to the nearest airport get the first ticket back to wherever you came from and never ever come back to this country ? i wait t you tell me what they want me for ? she merely shook her head . been better if we never knew about any of this . i . . . about what ? she over to me . you never have come here . her sudden unfriendly only the dread to swell . all of a sudden i had a feeling i t look back out the the window i was resting my head on . been easier if you just had never known been more kind . w what ? i just for sake can you tell me whats going on ? she her teeth listen you run and you can never stop . run run everyday of your life . you your kind from the moment you were born they chose you and they t ever stop till they gotten you too . she shook her head one final time you can run it buy you time . " xb i my teeth " you say that like there ' s no getting rid of them ? " xb she shook her head " someone like you ? there t no them . " xb " eventually they always catch up to you . xb xb xb and i ' m afraid that ' s what me here my story . xb i m sure it boring or long at some and i m sure some are wondering how i can be so calm while writing all of this . i since learned that they re far more patient than any mortal being that they wait in the of your room until you re finished doing whatever you re doing before snatching you away into the darkness . xb this writing my story to post it here is a very act of running . that woman when she told me to run t necessarily mean it in a literal sense . these they only ever take you when you re idle when you re not doing anything vulnerable . i t tell you why but it s the one thing that can keep you safe from them . unfortunately i can t avoid sleep forever and glancing over at my phone sand still wedged in the case i don ' t think i can keep running . chips ? her inflated slightly as she the smell . i could tell that she was hungry by the way she wet her like a conditioned dog . i moving my notebook and pen from the seat beside me they re fresh ! she before sitting down on the bench the carrier bag down . i at it . . i gave her all of the chips and she her thanks . in between eating she on about her family as i pretended to listen smiling and nodding politely at regular . i knew nothing about her apart from where she and what the name i had given her was . tome . i d been sitting here for an hour before she . stopped eating and turned to me a look on her face . i as she shut her mouth . her enlarged until they were but black surrounded with a thin ring of green . as if she were in a trance . i turned " head to face forward and then checked the time . it ' s dark enough . getting out an mp player from my pocket i unwrapped the from it and then the notebook and pen on her lap . i stood up and back at her " there was no real reason why i picked you . it could have been anyone " i the in each of her " i have your and mind . " i play on the mp player slipped it into her pocket and then away . tome was the first fully successful subject of the test the first to understand the method prove the hypothesis and follow the correctly . two days after i had left the notebook and pen were mailed back to me . in keeping with and the need for proof i will now quote directly from that notebook i tome write as instructed all of my and and give full consent in my participation . six in and the music begun . i ' breathing and am generally more relaxed . the above the bench turned on which i can see what i am writing . directly opposite where i sit there is a two way road but the for some reason i have only just . i cannot describe the music in my and i barely notice it is . my are numb . i am staring at two which are by the in the hedge directly opposite where i sit . it is not man made but is difficult to believe that it is not . i have stopped blinking . not because i can ' t but because i don ' t want to . i don ' t know why . it me . the two have hosting nothing but eternal blackness . my skin is tingling as if i am cold but i do not shiver . the draw me in . i feel their dark me . i am no longer aware of my body nor of my surroundings . this sensation me . i no longer have a sense of time . i try to shout . try to let the know that they ' t frightening me . but they are . i have lost my identity my body and my voice . it taken them . the release me for a second and i look down . they did not release me at all they just me to sink so that they can steal everything else from me . i tell myself that i am not lost to it yet . but i am . i have made a discovery . underneath the soulless is a gaping mouth . i ' m sure it would make me vomit if i still had a body . the face does not have an expression . but i see terror . the mouth is shaped as if it were screaming . the blackness it . what me is that i cannot tell if it is the victim the torturer . . . or both ? the face is impossible in the way that it me . it both and me . the face silently me that i belong to it and i tend to agree . despite the darkness in i don ' t lose sight of the face . not of my own accord . so now it stripped me of my will too . it with me and now the toy is broken . now it can dismantle what is left . my sanity . i have no will to control my now and so the terror of it ' s expression into my brain . it me now . fear . i wonder if this is what it is like . it ' s making me see . the face ' t or re shaped but i see it laughing . laughing at my silently screaming . i sink ever into the knowing . they know what me . i cannot blink or look away from the demonic of . i am the victim in every picture . i cannot blink or look away . they are burnt in my brain . the final picture that i am the torturer . i rape murder and dismember . i eat flesh . i bathe in blood . all in the same picture a tapestry of terror . it in my head . i see myself laughing sadistically . sweet . i hate the face . . . but i also love it . i can see it clearer . it taken everything now . my sanity . exquisite . but then suddenly the image is by the face . i do not sink in it . it is simply there . i feel the cold on my skin . i blink . the face is lost in the darkness . " ' t survive she herself the day after i received the notebook . of course i was relieved to hear of this . the participant had to be selected at random and i ' t use her own name due to experimental . they pick the test as much as it them . they are not forced or to take the food . i now feel as i did after looking into the face i feel no pain . i am glad of the way i to the face . i know that if i had any then i would go the way of frank seep and tome . i have tried to understand all of this but to . until now . i understand now . i understand that testing could only lead to their death . i understand why the face picked me to aid you . i understand in frank seep ' s case he could not learn that the only way to absolve his was to kill himself and although i may have been the one to help him in his death i am still clean . i am still without sin . but then the the face brought me just as it brought me to you and she saw the error of her ways . as you instructed me after i had found someone who ' t require help my experiment ended . i ' mail you the three . good luck with your experiment . i hope i have and await further . my are beginning to shrink . i can only think of my food . chips . she was a bit older than any of the other ' s we had hired over the two but that was good my husband had said . a nineteen year old would be much more mature much more capable of than some thirteen year old from three down the road . xb she had come armed with a whole folder full of and of the work she ' d been doing on her college course how often did you find a who was child development with of becoming a primary school teacher ? xb she was polite prompt enthusiastic . if the police ' t halfway through dinner i ' d have to my husband that we ask her to come round once a month so we could finally go on our date nights again . xb but the phone did ring . i a smile on my and the taste of medium rare steak still coating my mouth . xb " my name is detective mercer . is that ? " xb " yes speaking . " xb the voice on the other end of the phone was uneven like the man on the other end was struggling to get his out . xb " you have a son eric . he was adopted ? " xb my husband put his glass down and mouthed who is it ? xb i was frozen . the phone shook in my hand as the man continued . xb " is he with you now ? " xb " no " i said . " he ' s being after at home . " xb there was a pause and muffled spoke in the background . i slid my chair back and stood . dizziness about my head . xb " you still live on church lane ? that ' s the address i was today . " xb " yes church lane . what is going on ? is eric safe ? " xb my husband was giving me a strange look as i snatched my coat up and for him to follow . he an apology to the waiter and handed him a bank card as i swept through the and out into the cool night . i ' t wait for him . i the car door behind me and twisted the key violently in the ignition . xb i drove faster than i ever had before . detective mercer was away in my ear . my heart was racing hard enough that i felt sure it would burst out my chest . xb " we got a call from ten ago . they had a patient escape three back no sign of her yet . " xb " ? " i said . " that ' s away from here . " xb " the patient is . does that name mean anything to you ? " xb of course it did . eric ' s biological mother . unfit to care for her child even before he was born . i ' d never met her never seen a picture nothing . she had been locked up for her own safety rambling about and carrying the devil inside her . xb she had been locked up in . the most secure mental hospital in the country . xb " she ' s coming for my son ' t she ? " i whispered . the car ' s engine as i took the exit off the motorway . i was five from home . xb " we have reason to believe she is yes . i need you to call whoever is with eric and tell them to lock the and and not to open them under any until the police arrive . can you do that ? " xb i hung up without . the ' t have a phone she ' d said she was too on her to have such so i the home phone . my me for still a landline but now i ' d never been more grateful . xb it rang for a long time before the machine in . i the from my and tried again . xb no answer . xb i ' t have been more than a minute away . i could see the blue illuminating the front of my house as i up and threw open the car door . three police were up and a handful of milled around . the front door was open and i could see straight through into the lounge where was on the . a tall man me about the and stopped me from racing through the front door his grip firm . xb " did you make the call ? " xb i up at the face of detective mercer past the thick into those dark . xb " where is my son ? " xb did you make the call ? " xb i him . " where is my boy ? where is he ? what ' s ? " xb " he is missing . i need you to tell me who the was . " xb a cold over me like a blanket . " is she not here ? " i said . " is she gone too ? " xb " the name . " xb " grey " i said . " she ' s nineteen blonde a few down . i ' d never seen her before but she was perfect . now where is my son ? where is eric ? " xb the detective into his pocket and out a picture . " is this her ? " xb the blonde hair was and a lot longer and the ' t seem to make sense but those were definitely hers . blue piercing . i had her on them as she through the door . xb " grey ' t exist " the detective said and wrapped an arm around me . " her . " xb " she my boy . " i to my and . " she my eric . " there is a moment at the beginning when it s like how it used to be . j is making some joke standing and waving his arms around some half impression and slade is howling that wild and broken laugh and nat is trying to stop them both trying to reign them in but losing herself in the moment too her head in her and her back shaking as she so hard she . it does not last long enough j up sight of the empty chair and i can tell imagines s response . imagines the way would have built on his impression would have said something that made slade laugh so hard they hit the table whispered something conspiratorial to nat that would have made her grin made her see herself as part of it all as a force for good . i try and busy myself hand out the made character check that everyone their dice . we were so close to starting last time that i don t feel much need to explain it had assigned us gone through the and we d been set to meet the next day . we d all that morning with a quiet sense that something was wrong and as we on his doorstep one by one the lay a seed and grew inside us like a cancer . he d have been so the game one of the few found in some second hand shop down the road and his people to play it with . he d about the apparent rise in from people who d it the of reality the of people who that the game more real than life itself . it could have just been a marketing strategy madness the castle but adamant that no there was something special about this game and we were going to find out what . that s what had made it so unexpected so i digress . our evening out without him now later a parody of what it could have been . i watch slade eye their phone their waiting until someone the attention in the conversation to give it another look . i know what they re thinking of their plug who t live too far from here how easy it would be to make an excuse to leave that small plastic bag in the palm of their hand and the feeling of relief of that tingling that from their nose to the front of their skull . i try and distract everyone make to start . there s an awkward discussion about whether it right to keep the fifth chair in place whether that s what he would have whether it s a morbid reminder of something we need to move past . we can t make a decision and instead elect to have it into the table present but unused . i can tell our are to begin wondering what the ethics of this are plowing on with a game he but could never play whether it s alright to have fun without your friend once they . i try to distract them start the game . the premise is simple . you will play as the given try your best to embody their and their and hopefully work together to solve the mystery of the valley and the black castle that over it . if the are smart and resourceful then they too may be able to discover who or what the sick prince truly is . i play a low dark ambient track wind howling rolling guttural and melodic . we begin . the fifth castle upon hill casting its many over the valley its shadow long and prying . its crooked and obsidian leer over the tiny village of mort which in the valley like a spider trapped in the sink . the speak with of the way the wind through its how night to pour not from the sky but from its and the way even the above it seem to hide themselves . it is vast and dark and empty . the lean in . i have their attention now . you find yourselves walking these cold alone and with no memory of how you in a dreamlike state of acceptance . perhaps you think the world always been like this cold and looming and labyrinthine . his way blindly the half orc druid no stranger to darkness . there is something here though something new something evil which he cannot put his finger or his paw on . he something in an ancient tongue and a small burst of white flame from a green fingertip . although the flame goes some way to fight the darkness a bitter irony whilst he now a source of light it only to cast yet more . slade their character sheet a cigarette . the tip as they inhale the same strange flame that those castle . had always said fit them the most mysterious stubborn watchful . his way along the muttering half to half now perhaps what is the true strength of faith the power to believe that something someone might hear them might be able to save them from these endless black . nat her lip her flick from side to side thinking . she was given for a reason the only in the group and it took a little while to convince her that no this t blasphemy . she s looking thinner than i remember though her skin tight over her and every now and again when she a sip of her drink she as if it . she a and i can t help but imagine it as a sort of habit a nun who perhaps people to know she to party . crest the too so used to all fixed on her on the shifting colour of her skin the dulcet of her voice the curved and shimmering that burst from her forehead . but this is new she she is alone but she never so keenly felt on her like this as if these silent and whispering can see right through her through the shifting facade she up and into the soul beneath . j enjoying the freedom of this new character this skin he and . he a joke and i watch how he for the laughter straining . there s a moment of silence afterwards as they that the next description the one i omit would have been for s character hush . they too then that this character who was perfect for the misunderstood goblin the fourth hero is now wandering those same lonely and afraid calling out for who will never hear him . nat the silence . out his voice hoarse with fear . he who goes there who is walking these same and whether they are friend or foe . the three meet exchange about why they came here and why they have no recollection of it . crest that perhaps they re and you d do well not to joke of such . not here at least . as they argue a sound rattles along the a nervous sound . j up his . they freeze . to illuminate more of the hallway to see what it is that is coming their way and it is then that they remember the sick prince the they were told as . before i continue a condition card from the deck . it only one thing he can see you . the sick prince on his throne of rot of teeth and blood and knot who now and then who watch you all until the end . i sing the rhyme slightly that half melody that any rendition of a nursery rhyme and i m that by the time i finished they all in even just a little humming a wordless version to themselves . they make their way through the throne room and upon investigating can see that the black and cursed throne upon which the sick prince to wait for him empty shifting in the . the cold air at their exposed skin . despite himself he the holy symbol under his tunic . but slowly that that he s somewhere here right ? that the sick prince is wandering the as we speak . he something in the dust and is about to speak when there s a knock at the door . at least i think so . i notice slade perk up as well . they run a hand over their shaved head speak up . is that someone at the door ? nat her . no dude no at the door . her say one thing but her tone the real message the disdain for the paranoia . the mind of the addict turning to everything but the most important . she the way slade after the synthetic blanket she used to smother herself . thought it was cheating . we re quiet and then j no they re right . someone s outside . we don t speak and can hear it now the slow and steady shuffle of someone outside slowly walking round the of the house and i swear to god mumbling something . go see who it is . i shake my head . no it s a . or something . i can t go outside every time someone past the house . but there s fear in our silence in the way we lean a little closer in to the table the way j his chair slightly so he s closer to the rest of us . we re sure but i d bet that none of us can really say why . i try to distract everyone . continue with the game . echo from a branch of the fifth castle you left unexplored shambling . turns himself into a cat and himself into the corner of the room . crest into the wall holding their breath and all can do is quietly stalk in the opposite direction biting their tongue so hard they can taste blood . the sick prince closer they can feel it in the manic that seem to crawl along the in the sense of some intelligence under the stone and the way each doorway only more of the same more madness more darkness . i mention to nat that she needs to take a minor event card as her solution was the least effective . she one and goes silent . something s different about her since we last met i m sure of it . some hollowness some detachment present in the way she to have sunk into her and the fact that a cross no longer around her neck . what is it ? she a hand to her head scarf her lip . i one of the sick prince s . to cough a thick viscous black liquid . a black liquid that slowly slowly to fill his . she to me what the ? i them . i promise . she t seem convinced . they continue to move through the quieter now behind them at every turn . i informed them that at this stage in the game the path of the sick prince is decided randomly and that i m plotting it in secret . i do not have to say it out loud the fact above them like smoke nothing good can come if they cross him . slade s leg to shake . whoever is outside is humming something now just barely loud enough for us to hear a melody that so familiar that can only be crest is growing tired of it to break into a jog . they pick their way towards where they feel the great are following a map they found half drawn in dust in the throne room . to return to human form but there s a reluctance there a sense that in that moment as a beast he was perhaps happier than as a half man . the fear t just exist in the game it slowly into real life too upon entering a room that s empty or hearing a creak or a wail from a long corridor they seize up in fear as if the sick prince could somehow climb his way from the world of the game into our own . a noise upstairs . something shifting in the attic . a moment then the sound again a broken rhythm . it s an old house i say . they don t seem convinced . they reach the manage to make their way to the great huge and wooden and engraved with ancient i pause them . this is a key event and as such i have to draw a random key event card from the event card deck . i make a show of shuffling it let j split it and then we pick the top card . i frown . it s for hush i say . slade blinks . you told us you removed the hush . i did . a pause . i did . and i feel my pulse quicken because i know i did because i made sure of it the deck one by one card by card to make extra sure that any reference to hush was gone to ensure that this exact situation t happen . i d been so careful . i had for a moment a vision of s face his voice that night on the phone telling me there was something wrong that this t how it was meant to happen that he t leave his apartment because whenever he into the hall it long and black and empty in front of him like a tomb . nat let s open it let s just see what it would be maybe we can imagine hush is right there and that j . no he that s . we know he would have been hush and it s just his character even though he s not here even though he s he can t say it . nat dead you mean ? we all look at the table let the moment in the air . slade below their jaw in their chair . sure they say fine . let s just see what the card . it s part of the game right ? event card great as you rush into the entrance hall and desperately try and heave the bolt from its place a flash of lightning the room behind you and in that moment you are able to see against the wall behind you the small corpse of a goblin hush his slit and blood so red it s almost black on the floor beneath him . silence . of . i have to finish the card . and as you all stand open mouthed heaving you hear something echo through the whole castle . someone is knocking on the great . from the other side . slade at me their head another cigarette . i have to clarify i t write it that these are random and the make it clear not all of the four will always make it out of the fifth castle but they re telling me i it that this is a sick game that if this is what really is they want nothing to do with it not now not ever . nat is crying now looking up and her index finger to wipe her and j is shouting at me saying that this was a dumb idea and that look it and nothing will be the same and we should just stop like it might be . slade s smoking the cigarette right until the very end until it s nothing but paper and filter . they all leave in silence slade a call in my toilet and i sit for a while at the empty table . i feel like a failure and part of me so much i have to close my and rest my forehead against the cool . i was trying so hard to make it work for him for who i know this so badly . the people he together one last time . i don t sleep well that night unable to get the melody of the sick prince s song from my head myself lost in the fifth castle s cold alone . when i wake i have three new . slade j nat . they tell me that they want to play again as soon as possible that they had this dream that felt so vivid it was like it was real . and without to they each relay the same dream . the same dream with the same ending facing the great hearing that knock . and then a detail that t present in the game . they claim they a voice on the other side s voice . gave him to live . you can always try a few of chemotherapy or radiation but anything outside of hospice is going to be torture for him doctor told us . you know how he is my sister told the doc . he t going to just sit around and mope waiting to die at a treatment facility . t there a way we can make him comfortable at home ? with our insurance we to have a nurse to go three times a week for his but with dad s mood that soon turned to zero and and i were left holding the bag . what reason do i have to be nice to those people ? all they are doing is poking and me before i die he told us when we him about his behavior . my patience was a little thinner than my . well we might as well save some time and dig a hole in the since you are so eager ! i remember shouting to him . told me that she would handle him even on his bad days . but the way were looking we both knew those were shortening rapidly . look i know he can be a pain in the butt sometimes but he s our dad . we need to pull together to do something special for him before before it s too late told me about a month ago . at the time i it off busy trying to sort through a nasty divorce myself and told her i would do whatever i could to make dad s last days memorable . then about a week later me back with an idea . do you remember that gang that dad was in back when we were ? the luck ? i t but i told her i told her i did so she would get to the point . i got in touch with some of dad s old from back in the day ! i was thinking maybe we could have some kind of father s day party this upcoming weekend out at the lake . do you think jess and the will be up to that ? . it took me a moment to respond . i knew by the way she had rushed through the explanation she had already made the and was counting on me to say yes . i t know how to explain that jess and i t on speaking nor the fact that i was pretty sure the t recognize their grandpa anyway . i t tell any of this and the lengthy silence on the phone told me she was waiting for my affirmation so i and told her we would be there . the moment she hung up i was calling my ex . you want to do what ? she in confusion . father s day is two away brad she as though i were dumb for even thinking she would . you know i the to meet around then . just the mention of her new s name was enough to make me gnash my teeth . but i t want to feel like i her so i just let him come too . might as well make it official right ? that answer took her by surprise and for a few jess t say a thing . i get back to you on that she . i knew she would probably try to find a different excuse in which case i could blame her absence on her own guilt rather than my at being the divorcee . meanwhile was sending out to other of dad s old gang telling them where and when to show up and all the while trying to handle his and belligerent behavior . i got about a dozen of the to say they show up . some are coming from halfway across the country ! told me . i was in the middle of a zoom conference with my two explaining to them how bad grandpa was . my understood to be on best behavior . but his little brother jack i could tell he was still sour about the separation . heck he probably to either punch my out or something far worse . but i made him promise to be on his best behavior for the weekend . i see you in a few days ? i said as i shut down the zoom call . i was tired . this entire month since dad s diagnosis had been a of . i never felt he was a perfect father but i was still coming to with the fact that this weekend getaway would probably be the last time we really all could get together as a family . it to be perfect i thought . me that night with last minute . can you come watch dad for a few while i run to the store ? i don t think i got enough beer for the . i was groggy but t bother saying no . my sister a habit of me into anyway . i my charger and went out the door making it to dad s place in a little under half an hour . he fell asleep watching football . just keep an eye on his breathing until i get back ? . even after the long drive i was asleep so i just and went in resting on the couch opposite of him and looking at how frail he had become . at this point he had to be a little over lbs and only the that had him hooked up to were keeping him alive . but was that really anyway to live ? i . his barely when i gently his hand . hard to believe it was the same man that had raised me . i immediately thinking this weekend was going to anything except a tragedy . how could his come see him like this ? how did even hope to transport him and all this equipment safely to the lake house ? this was feeling more and more like a farce . i the remote and the channel to try and distract myself from the utter disaster this was all going to be trying to stay awake as i from station to station . somewhere between the history and discovery i off . it might have been for only twenty i m not sure . but then i dad s ragged breathing suddenly become filled with panic and my snapped open . i saw that he was struggling to breathe and i panicked up and the . everything was working exactly the way it was supposed to but he still t able to get any air . he spat up a few of bile blood and vomit and i instinctively trying to help without hurting him . i with the trying to see if i could help him when he my shirt and forced me to stare into his desperate . in those few short i knew somehow i knew these were going to be his last . he me closer and with a single ragged cough he said one word his final word . i could hardly understand it . it t sound like anyone or anything i had ever of . but i onto him as he faded away as the to chirp in alarm and as it very clear that my father was no longer with this world . my first instinct was to call get her to get home immediately . maybe he t really dead . maybe it was just a stroke . i t the medical expert . i t know what to do and i almost for when in the door and saw what had . brad ! what did you do to him ? she accusingly as she the and ran to try and perform chest . i watched confused and a bit she was blaming me . then after a few of failure to accept it was over as well . she just stood there staring at his corpse like a broken toy . i felt to say something to break the awkward silence in the room . we should call i . that a reaction but not one i . around and snatched my cell phone from my hand her a bit and angry . no . no we can t do that . we can t tell anyone . what ? what are you talking about ? we have to call his i have to tell and the i said wondering if the shock was making her act strange . my sister paced the room the equipment and it in a . she like she had gone mad whatever she could and it in a single satchel . i worked too hard for this to just throw it all away . we proceed with the weekend as . they don t have to know what here . we can play it off as dad is just extremely sick and can t have any . it s only for a few days . then when they leave we can call the coroner . i know a friend some we can use to preserve the body so it won t stink . she was talking so fast it hardly made sense and then when i it down in my head and repeated her scheme it still t . are you listening to yourself ? dad is dead ! we can t just hide it and pretend everything is fine ! i . got right in my face with a look i never seen before . . dangerous . this is what we are going to do . you re going to take dad to the cabin just like we . i make to get the we need for his body . and then we will make this the best damn weekend we have ever had as a family . do i make myself clear ? she . i backed down unsure what she would do if i any further . truthfully it like she snapped and it me . i as she made a few phone my cell and then once it was back in my she tony will meet you at the cabin . i help you load dad into the car . i never thought i would be my father s corpse onto a tarp and then him in my dressed like he was heading to a fishing trip but if i thought t get worse well let s just say murphy s law decided to make an example of me throughout this entire experience . i some on dad s head and it back the seat belt on him and trying to not throw up from the bile and vomit still on his shirt from when he to breathe . tony said he will be there in an hour told me as it to storm . the cabin is like two from here how long will he be ? i still not believing i was doing this . he me a favor so probably won t go until he word from me . now hurry up she ordered me . i drove off with dad in the of my ford explorer trying my best to make sure i t speed so his body would stay upright . the last thing i was a passing motorist to see something they felt was suspicious . as i drove the storm and i laid my cell on the passenger side watching it for any from or . i had already come up with several why i was heading to the cabin but each time the phone with a new message it made my heart skip a beat . usually it was me random about the party . acting like nothing had . i the phone in my right hand as i made a turn and a quick question that was on the top of my brain . hey does the name mean anything to you ? just as i hit send a pair of red and blue flashing came on behind me and i cussed myself out . i over on the side of the embankment and to get my license and insurance . then i in the and saw that dad was over and i to panic again . i could see my entire life thrown away gone to jail simply cause i to my sister s half baked plan . the cop came up to my window and on the glass the storm barely making him visible . besides the two of us on the road there were hardly any out . my mind for a way to get out of this as i rolled the window down and my license to him . is everything all right ? i . he a flashlight in my and then checked the interior of the car briefly passing the light across dad s body . this is a mile per hour zone son . clocked you going at least he said as he back toward dad . is everything all right ? the officer . he s tired from a long trip i said not daring to look back at the corpse . could the officer tell that something was wrong ? i m going to need him to speak for himself . sir can you wake up back there ? the officer . my heart was beating out of my chest . i don t think i was even thinking straight . i below my seat and a wrench . before he the door i the wrench against his skull and the cop backwards falling onto the pavement and slipping in the mud . i watched it happen in slow motion as his skull against the side of my car and he fell to the ground . then i got out of the car and checked to make sure he was unconscious only to discover that he was actually dead . my whole world felt like it ended in that moment . i double checked to be sure and confirmed that the man was dead . then i toward his patrol car . i got back in my explorer and immediately to reverse my car into the vesicle three times with the that i was taking out the camera . then i sped off leaving behind the dead officer and that the footage t been sent to the local office . i can t remember what next . my head felt like it was spinning . somehow i made it to the cabin and saw s friend was waiting . a dark red with the name tony on the side was in the driveway . and below that in bright green a single word that made my stomach churn again . taxidermy . something told me this was about to get a lot worse . " don t ! out his hand to stop me . i turned brow raised . what s wrong ? t we trick or treating ? that house over there the best so it s safe to assume they have the best candy . i was taking my little on while my and newly for their youth at a party . those t he . . . . scary mark a little bat his brother s ankle . interesting my were alight . why the architecture is reminiscent of something from a novel . i wonder what kind of antique they have inside a manual ? servant that ring for each room ? my brother spoke up i done the research . it s not worth exploring . there s something evil inside . evil ? like an evil spirit ? i put my on my apron . i thought you were logical . i am logical he his powdered wig a little less sure at least the were . i . all right i bite . what s the story ? he took a breath . the house of that s what they call it . not only for the strange painting of the count but for the feeling of being watched that you long after you leave . i . continued a long time ago a wealthy noble family lived in that house a mother a father and their only child . and they spoiled him rotten . they gave him everything he for and so much more . the of the house even show a greenhouse for his exotic . a greenhouse ! " i ' d always . at heart . " in there ? at least there was . was ? what do you mean there was ? can t you see the scorch ? the open roof ? it was burned . arson . who would do such a thing ? it was him . him who ? the count covered mark s the only child of the noble family was his fortune when no countess would accept his hideous behavior . after one night of drinking when he his mother and father to be away on vacation he decided to burn the house for the insurance money which he d in his name . his mother and father slept inside home early that night to see their precious boy only to be burned alive . the count i what to the count ? . he slit his throat in grief . he took his from mark s . they say you can still see the cut if you get him to take off his tie . i took my brother s that to be the most ridiculous story i have ever . it like you were in the wrong section of the library again . hey ! he stood his ground . you made that mistake before haven t you ? fiction with history ? i was six he his glasses . or perhaps you re a trick on me i . either way i m going to take a look . what ? grew wide . after everything you just ? after all that how could i not ? i as i sped towards the house . you gone mad ! my brother distantly . i once . twice . the only answer was . maybe it was because the knocker was off its . i the doorbell glancing back at my before giving it a ring . the melancholy inside . was it abandoned ? i the door lightly it with no interference . i to look back at and mark i m just going to look around ! i . call if i take more than twenty . it could be old and dangerous so i don t want you two following me . take your own advice ! from across the street . perhaps i should have . i an old candle from the wall and lit it with the i kept in my apron pocket . as soon as i lit it i could see how the house got its moniker . i spoke as i the beautiful sorrow they . the to the soul a voice spoke behind me . oh ! i candle flickering . i turned to examine an older man lean a strong stubbled reddish hair that gravity . and that shone . though i could not perceive the color in the dark . do you always lurk in the dark ? do you always break and enter ? he mischievously . the door was open . i backed up foot the wall . so trick or treat ? so eager for candy you burst into unannounced ? or is it just my house you re so eager for ? his broad hand on the wall beside my head . we both know you re too old for trick or treating . but since you were kind enough to ask i take a treat . that s i that s not how this works . how does this work ? his between mine do tell . how did you know my name ? you re shivering are you cold ? would you like me to start a fire ? my grew wide . please . he threw his hand over his shoulder in a gesture as he returned to the . a voice i all you had to say about me right outside my own door no less . i i t believe any of it . no ? he came back into the light . no . my back grew straight . not at all . then you t be trying to catch a glimpse of what s beneath my tie he ran a bony finger along the fabric now would you ? i feigned indifference . why should i care ? why indeed . his grin grew . and why should you care as you say if you were stuck in a dilapidated house with a ghost whose qualm in life was not a beautiful . young . countess ? his teeth shone as he over my candle . i over each shoulder for the girl in question . forget it he as he away . my good are lost on you anyway . i watched as he threw tinder in the fireplace with no surrounding the brick struck a match on his shoe and into a tattered armchair . he over his shoulder . what are you still doing here ? get lost . i forward . you don t actually live here like this do you ? i t call it living he sunk as he warmed his . exactly ! why don t you leave ? sell the house or rebuild ? do something ! he stood then so fast i t see him get up . as . you . said . why should you care little ? i and how may i ask will you take responsibility if you do ? your silky hair your clean clothes your attitude your are awfully rich t they ? i closed my his whispering breath was beside my ear . what do you say ? can you buy me a new house ? i promise he i pay you back . stop it ! my forward catching air . i as i saw him still standing by the old chair . leave . the count instructed . now . before it s too late . fine ! i spun on my heel . i know when i m not welcome . good riddance . don t think you ' re rid of me yet ! i be back . hah ! i him shout . just like the best of . and i help you fix that lock . and that knocker . and whatever else my fancy . the hall was quiet sans the roaring of the fireplace . a response i took as acceptance . without further ado i stepped into the night . safe among the i swore i from a crack in the door and if i catch your fancy dear ? will you fix me ? part hi . my name is kyle i am old and live in new south . there is something wrong with my mum . i am not sure how long i will be able to write for and i don ' t know what to do . please help . my mum always been up and down . on some mornings she wakes up and me have the day off school . we drive out to the beach and get ice cream . overall on these days she is really nice and i relish these of her . but on her bad days . she ' s different . often times i am up in the very early of the morning to her screaming at me to get out of bed to avoid being late for school . sometimes she so that she attack ' s me turning her around and trying to hit the side of my head . some nights i wake up and can feel her presence in the room . she might be standing beside my bed looking over me in her night gown or a single eye through the door . once she i am awake she just leaves and goes back to bed . when i ask her about it the following morning she to believe me and she ' t remember that i ' m just seeing in my sleep . today is a bad day . i woke up at am to the sound of in the hallway opposite my bedroom . i in bed for what like a lifetime just listening trying to figure out what she was doing . she might just be the bathroom i thought at first . she continued to pace the hallway up and down up and down . finally i got out of bed and my door slowly . i poked my head out to see what was going on . she stood at the end of the hallway with her back to me . she was just wearing her white nightgown but it had dirt all over it . she ' t wearing any . her were bleeding slightly there were and small all over the back of her and her were covered in mud . her hair was a mess as well . i watched her for a few before she i was awake . her head snapped violently around and her locked onto mine . i do not know what i saw but i know it was not my mother . her face was spread in a painful manic grin . her eye ' s were dilated completely showing only of white at the of her pupil . we stood staring at each other for a brief moment before she broke out into a hysterical fit of laughter . he neck and back bent awkwardly backwards her were facing directly up at the ceiling . i out to her and the sound of my voice must have broken her trance . the laughing stopped abruptly and she back into my . she ' t smiling . her eye ' s wide and her face to twist in both simultaneously . she broke out into a sprint down the hall towards my door . not just a run but a sprint as if her life on it . i ' t know what to do so i the door closed and locked it . she stopped outside my door and ' t say anything . i could see her shadow underneath the door just standing there and could hear her erratic breath . that was ago . since then she just been up and down the hallway breaking out into of laughter every so often . i haven ' t said anything to her because i ' m she will try to get in . the only way i can get out of this room is that hallway . my room is on the second floor of the house and there is concrete pavement below my window . i am writing this on my school as i am not a phone hence why i have not the . we also live in a very rural area so even if i did escape out the window i would have no where to run . about half an hour ago she tried to get into my room . she tried the handle and it was locked . she out to me but her voice strange as if she had been yelling and had her vocal . she tried to get me to let her in trying to persuade me with like ice cream and food but nothing is even open yet . she calling me " son " and " child ' like she forgotten my name . when i ' t answer her she tried the handle more aggressively this time . then to continue walking up and down the hallway . laughing more and more . she is still out there . please help me . what do i do ? no they do not allow cell in the afterlife . in fact what i am doing right now is extremely illegal . but i figured i had my share of fun here why not gift you all with my knowledge ? besides you be me when you inevitably end up here and don t die instantly . sound ? great . let s start from the beginning . rule always know your . if you don t know where you are it it way easier for them to find you . this first rule was one told to me by a dear friend a rule that i t aware of when i first woke up in a one bedroom apartment . in fact i t very aware of anything for a while not until i to remember . i woke with a startle as i on my own drool . it only took me after i sat up before flushing through my head . i was forced to recount all my every little thing i had done wrong in my life leading up to those final . the fight . the car crash . . i felt a sense of dread run down my spine as i to grasp what was fully happening at the moment . with a jolt i out of bed and quickly that i was naked . i to make sure was but a man also to have some dignity . i quickly around the bedroom to see if i could find any spare clothes lying around . surprisingly i almost instinctively for a closet handle to the left of me . at the time i found it weird that i to subconsciously know the place but later i learned that you always woke up in your place of birth so this apartment had been where i was . thanks . many people told me they thought that that was very poetic and symbolic but i believe it s just one of the many ways the universe with you after death . it s an artifact from a past life one you never get to go back to . but anyways i got dressed and outside my apartment looking for any of people so i could understand what was happening . i quickly spotted the and decided my best bet would be to try and sprint down the . if you haven t tried down a set of i t recommend the experience . just imagine your favorite cartoon character and the gag of where they fall down the comically long set of each step with a bonk ! except there was no bonk no background noise at all just the muffled of your lovable character as they hit every step with pain barely able to get up in the end noticeable blood on their face as at the camera in their pain . yeah i been advised never to have . but anyways you get my metaphor i tumbled down the with no bonk and ended up with a bloody nose . at the moment that t bother me though and i quickly found my way to the front exit while proceeding to stumble my way out . as soon as i left the building i got a very strange from the area . it like a cliche new york las city full of many different and unique all stuck next to each other on busy . except there was nothing busy about these . in fact there t a single person in sight i to be the only one in the my walk down the road and that most of the in this city were vacant and the that t like they had been abandoned abruptly . i t tell you how long i down that seemingly never ending city as i past by building after building vacant or abandoned . i was starting to really wish i had to my broken nose before i left the apartment building as i was leaving a trail of blood and my nose was pounding profusely . i tried entering some of the empty to treat my wound but it every door was locked . i was pretty shaken up from the situation and i swear i could see out of the corner of my eye but i kept on walking with blind hope that i would find . after what like forever i finally saw a building with people in it a building with the word help in bold above the entrance . everything inside and outside the building was completely white and it gave off a dreamy futuristic . i the building and the people to be standing in line waiting for someone at the front desk . i decided to try and cut to the front so i could explain to the desk lady what was happening . wait what was happening ? i felt in that moment but decided to shake it off promising myself that i d get to the bottom of this if only to find . the guy in the back of the line immediately me trying to cut and spoke up . what d you think you re doing ? he . i . . . i i tried stuttering out you nothing my friend now get to the back of the line and wait like the rest of us i need help . . . right now i finally pointing to my broken nose . before he could reply i hearing a loud bang on the glass door behind me . i turned around to see men in completely white banging loudly on the door trying to get our attention . what are those people doing ? i those people are the man spat without even looking thought it was awfully rude to refer to people like that especially when the man t even seen who they were . what did they do to become ? i politely . they t become cadet . have you even to training ? these are meant to kill you designed to kill you and they have overtime . he . as he i ahead of the line and that the people would talk to the lady behind the front desk for a minute or two and then walk behind one of two . i m sorry cadet ? i don t know what you re getting at here but i don t like how you speak to more rather how you refer to . now could you please explain what is going on here . i used to be a very calm and thoughtful person . used to be . we up in the line as he spoke again . buddy you and me both know what s going on here and it t pretty he those out there t getting inside as long as we ignore them . by the time i spoke we were almost at the front of the line . you can t just call these because of what you assume they are . i don t care what you think those are people too the man now . for the last time i he thought for a second turned to face the door with the people still banging and i could see realization and shock appear in his . a mimic this close to base ? he to himself that t make any sense unless even though he was next in line the man stopped dead in his . it was around the time that i the clothes he was wearing . a white tuxedo just the same as the men outside . strangely i was just then realizing that something was off . before that my conscious had put me in a dream like state where i accepted what around me to be true but i just let happen that t without them . that man to the people outside was what made reality slap me in the face and i to ask the question any sane person would need to know right then . mister what the hell is going ? ! ? the man me and as the lady up front his name he spoke to me quietly and calmly . listen to me closely boy do you know what apa for ? i could feel myself the situation more and more in my brain and as it more for me i to shout . i don t even know where i am ! a look of shock on the face and without skipping a beat he out a gun from his jacket turned to the lady at the counter and shot her in the chest . it was my turn to be in shock as i tried to process what had just . before i got a chance to do that though i something rising from where the lady had been shot . whatever rose up from that desk was not a lady . i could go into gruesome that would make you throw up as i almost did just looking at the creature . it about tall with a slim build to rival himself . it s torso incomprehensible with the number of arms and always . the were always long and thin like a shadowy mist that would crawl towards you if you for too long . it s face was the worst part . it had that were just like yours or mine except for the fact that they were completely black . i felt as if i was staring into an eternal darkness as i into its for a single second . the one feature i will never forget will be it s mouth . this type of mouth is common on but the mouth in this creature left the biggest impact on me . it s mouth was a simple slit but somehow into an inhumane smile as it sensed it s next prey . this t a punchable face eating grin type of smile either . this was the smile you would see on a madman ear to ear as if it could tell you i will do everything in my power to murder you in the most gruesome way possible . the type of smile you knew you were dead if you saw . and in that moment when i was staring at that creature i felt dead . every part of me to cry out in fear to scream at the top of my but my body simply would not move and i was stuck staring at this creature . i was with horror as they would say as i upon a what would surely be a swift death . luckily i was not stuck in horror for that long as my fight or flight in after a couple . as you can guess i chose flight . as i tried running to the exit i could see the men in white now frantically trying to bash the door open and i was almost free . suddenly the door was blocked by another one of the and as i turned around i my helpless situation . i was cornered on all sides by these and they slowly advanced on me i decided to curl up in a ball and have my life end on a low note . i suddenly the guy from before and as i turned to look at him i that he was holding something up to these and they to be . . . afraid of it ? this next part was a little hazy because i m pretty sure i was falling in and out of consciousness the whole time . i guess the man had i was there at the same time i he was because he running towards me holding the object up like a lantern which drew the away . i could feel the into my head . they were dark violent that no human should ever have . before those me though the man had where i lay and while holding me and the object with incredible strength out the door . barely making it to safety as the trapped inside of the building . by the time i had come too i was out on the ground feeling like the worst kind of . i could barely make out the group of men a conversation right next to where i laid . frank ! the were staring you in the face we even tried stopping you but you us ? you know our protocol do not engage with unless absolutely necessary . frank said i swear they re getting by the day . that s not important right now another voice in the new arrival is he agent material ? i could only assume they were talking about me as i was apparently new and had at . . wherever i was ? hell no i t trust that twerp with a water pistol we just send him back on to where he should have gone . frank admit i was a little taken aback by this . sure i had shown immeasurable of cowardice inside of that building but was i really that bad ? alright then you get the man away then we re a long talk about your track record . you got it boss after the other men had wakes away the man i assumed to be frank over to me and picked me up my body so that i would stand up on my own . immediately spewing out of my mouth . how did i get here ? what was going on ? would i ever see my family again ? relax relax i m not the guy who this to you you understand much better once we send you their way . but no . you re already lucky enough to survive your first monster encounter now stay safe and have a good trip . i still had so many but the man something to me before i got the chance to ask . oh yeah and a little beginner s tip he his glance left and right before telling me always know your . if you don t know where you are it it way easier for them to find you . and with that the man out a bright red syringe and before i had time to react it into my arm until i onto the ground . that was my first encounter with the apa and the horrific from the afterlife . i will continue to update if i choose to but for now i be on the move they watch me . it s one of life s little that the house behind you can see the back of yours . the time between my moving in and meeting my neighbor was long but i tried not to judge his home from my privileged view and the deciduous in our the psychic tension a little more each summer until a branch from one of his grew out to a bough from one of mine and just like that the had a to take across our . like every summer in new it was hot and humid . despite half a lifetime of that moist hell i still t have an air conditioner . the other house only had one in the window of an attic that small enough to have only one room . one day after i had finished reading for the night i got up to turn the light off and out one of the . this window had a view through a gap in the foliage straight to one of his . i ' t help but notice that his light was also on . both of our were open and i was a bit out by the intimacy . i turned the light off and on my way back to bed that he too had turned his of within of me . i have since seen the species of darkness that i first behind his window that night on countless all of which have been mundane . according to from s song of there re five or six of black . she goes on to describe one as but i have it under the couch . it ' s warm and almost bright like black felt in direct sunlight . unlike the smoother flatter that obfuscate like cool glass this black your vision like a fungal colony uneven porous animate . when i woke up the next day i t know what to do . the quotidian tedium of my life had been broken like the boredom of an elementary school math class when someone you a note reading do you like me ? good luck learning to divide after that . i just t shake the feeling that there was an intention behind what had but what could i do ? i could knock on his door but to say what ? excuse me sir . you don t know me but i live behind you . could you please leave your on until i fall asleep tonight ? your darkness is just a bit too baroque for me . was he to communicate ? should i leave something in the window ? a candle or two like he s revere ? something tasteful but not too like a single yellow rose ? thinking about the absurdity of the whole situation made me feel better and i eventually my will enough to get out of bed and go about my day . when i returned to my bedroom that night his light was on and in a vase on the was a yellow rose . it was stunningly gorgeous . the tree the rose in a composition so technically adroit but also soulful that if it had in a film the cinematographer would have won all the that there are to be won in that field . then he switched his light off . the next day i got up and went straight to the window . i had to see what was going on over there . i t though . only a featureless rectangle of bare wall was framed by his window . here s a fun experiment that you can try at home . look from every window of your house into as many of your as you can . you be by how infrequently you have any real sense of what s in the into which you re gazing . you can also do this from the street although i found that my success rate is a bit higher there . this is also a great way to discover new species of black . the yellow rose was gone but the halo of tree from the night before more like a tunnel and a sturdy one at that . i m no civil engineer but i have crossed that less structural integrity than the leaves and before me . i had to be sure so i the screen and my wallet out the window . it fell right through into my of course and i went out to retrieve my wallet before some bird or rodent could steal it . later that day i did the laundry and took it outside to it on the clothesline but there was no sunlight . my whole was totally shaded by the now solid canopy above . when did that ? had it been like that in the day ? it must have since the last laundry day . to no avail i tried to recall my most recent memory of dancing through the to descend upon my . nobody ah yes . the dandelion by the fence in a shaft of sunlight just last . i took the laundry inside to put in the . i that i could either buy a telescope to spy on my neighbor or move on with my life . besides although yellow t the most common color are a common flower and you only ever buy them as single or by the dozen or half dozen . it s not like i had thought of exactly seven . i thought incessantly of seven for the rest of the day . night fell and there was nothing in my neighbor s window . his light was off and under the couch hung there comfortingly . that night i dreamt that i saw myself as i slept from a vantage point from which i could also see the arboreal tunnel from my house to his . one by one seven golden which i later as murinus from his window to mine . no matter how hard i i t lift in finger in evasion or defense as they slowly through my window screen to wend their way down to my floor up to my bed onto my body . each of the seven chose a part of me . they t just bite me . they to eat me . the dream to last for as they worked their way and into me leaving craterous wounds . as they glut themselves their until a just after dawn they had all burst with a quiet squishy squirt of a liquid that used to be me . when i woke up i thought that my bed was still covered it blood . it was just sweat . it was a lot of sweat even for me even for . my mouth was dry too . i felt like i had been drained . on my way down to the kitchen to drink a pitcher of iced tea i that a letter had come through the mail slot but it was far too early for the mailman . i took the letter with me and it between . only my first and last were on the envelope . inside was an invitation to a progressive dinner to be that night on my neighbor s street . the letter listed the of the hosting each course . i threw a bathrobe on and went outside with the invitation in one hand and a full glass of iced tea in the other and to the next street over . the sun still t risen . the on my street were a century older whereas those on this street were a decade further in need of a paint job . when i got to my neighbor s house i checked the number . it was on the invitation . dessert was to be at his house . i up to the d house with stuffed . the woman who the door confused . i m here for the progressive dinner . this is the appetizer house right ? she that it was and took the . no one else was there . she me what i was wearing . it was green tweed . as i for something of hers to compliment she broke the silence by if i had just to the street . i told her that i was from the next street over and was just as as her that i had been . she let me know that punctuality t a virtue on her street . she up a bit after trying my dish . say what you will about me but i can still stuff a mean mushroom . my eventually settled on a rather grotesque painting on her wall of what i thought was supposed to be a stork s a baby . it was clearly done by a young child . she told me that one of the on the street had son who to paint and would occasionally give his to his . eventually to trickle into the house . they all what i was wearing . several made the same joke that they wished that they had smelled me before father s day as if they could afford for their looking . the stork painting was apparently new because they all over its apparent quality and how the son was taking after his father a supposedly successful artist . my at listening to their chipped paint was delicious unlike the food which was as mediocre as the company until a woman who was wearing a dress that more than an insolent fourth grader her son for example . she gave me a hug but disappointed when she retracted you smell more like a blade of grass than a man she said . she also told me that she was glad that i had accepted her invitation and t wait for me to see their home at dessert . she me her backdoor neighbor . her son just at me as he the cheeseboard that they brought . i m no stranger to milk but this was something else goat sheep hard soft . this board had everything . the were just as exquisite especially the . the mother was the life of the party although i if it was only to distract from her son s table manners . when the course ended we went to the house . in the front hall was an almost wall sized painting of something . it was a giant but not a giant human but also not an animal . it was nude and wore only a wreath on its head like a emperor . it was clearly an adult but some baby like . i later learned that call this neoteny . someone saw my surprise and told me he was the first prophet to wear the leafen anadem . the child s father had painted it . the only painting to which i could compare it is s devouring his son but it was in no way derivative thereof . the composition was technically adroit but also soulful . i don t know how long it was before i smelled the charcoal grill . had everyone just politely me while i at the painting ? i hope so . i the boy s mother announce it s time to play for the . i into the and saw the mother crouch down like an obese gargoyle and pour a circle of salt around her son . we all made a circle around him and he to read our . whenever someone was they took a seat around the of the room . after most of the people had been he his arms up and his mother a mound of salt into both . and were all within his purview as were our more abstract . finally only the d lady and i . of extra salty sweat ran down the back of the boy s . he his mouth his head back and his mother salt into his mouth . he rotated to face me then his mother and said through half a mouthful of salt he you re a . everyone . i took a seat in abject embarrassment without looking at him or his mother . after an apparently allotment of time the child was unable to read my opponent s mind and she was declared the winner . the mother brought out what i had smelled a grilled brood comb . unlike the honeycomb these are where bees mature from to . the darken with reuse and these were now the color of rough jet . most people think that jet black and pitch black are the same black but jet and pitch are only distantly related and jet alone several subspecies . one cell in particular the queen cell had a fingerlike outgrowth to accommodate the sized of the future monarch . the winner as got the but we each got our own normal slice of the comb . yes i ate it . it was pretty good . we are a far too squeamish about but a bit of courage and the right recipe would be enough to change most people s . the gaiety continued to the last house dessert . after everyone had made a plate and we had broken off into little the lady of the house made another announcement . i know how many can one woman make ? her man had just finished his latest painting . we were all up to his second floor studio to witness the unveiling . the room really was as bare as it had from my window and the tunnel to my window even more overgrown than before . the dessert lady her throat and we all turned to the sole object in the room a frame . she threw the curtain off to a cacophony of . the eight legged throne ! someone cried and i can t describe it any better than that . this painting was i hope derivative of bacon s because the alternative is that both were inspired by the same phenomenon . the fact that the painting was a self portrait the death of the painter the most recent prophet to wear the leafen anadem eventually on me when someone lamented i thought that we had more time . his widow s upstairs said the lady of the house . i thought that you were his wife . i m just their subject she said . we all are . i to their son and he . i an excuse as i made my way out of the room and back downstairs . then i saw them many more than seven . there were easily seven hundred . i like a little girl as they all over the tables and all over the and ice cream leaving sugar clawed . i over myself running back to the only unlocked room on the second floor . everyone was still there looking through the tunnel to my home but it t my home and it t i inside although the resemblance was uncanny . the tunnel t really the tunnel either . it was the leafen anadem . the creature in my bedroom was living out one of my more . so you re going to be that kind of prophet said the . the came into the room and my only were to fight my way out of the house or flee through the tunnel so i froze . a few onto my and bit the of my pants . then they me . they me with their supple little . a spider even a tarantula t very strong but the alien strength of their boneless me . i them out of the room to a staircase and up the to the door to the one room attic . the let go of me . well ? a woman s voice through the door . i m not a good person . i don ' t want good to happen to people . i tried to make my life small though . i keep my with to a minimum and my existence to the corridor from my home to a and a library . i only concern myself with the most trivial of day to day minutiae to shrink my life until the day when it down to nothing and we all be better for it . no thank you i said . i back downstairs without looking into the studio . there were no . i home . over the next few days i had central air and a door with no mail slot in my house had all the in my cut down bought a mailbox and the most opaque that i could find and them to every window frame in my house . i m a bad man and i said no . i m sure that a worse person said yes . the thing with a woman s voice always someone to say yes . if you think that the eight legged throne is for you then just leave your open . it s almost mating season . since i into my new house i learned a lot . but the most important thing i learned is if something too good to be true it most likely is . let me start at the beginning . it was the summer of and i was an almost broke college graduate living off of and fast food . i was really poor and even most were too expensive . one day i was looking for cheap and for sale when i found an extremely inexpensive house only a block away from my job . it had two and an attic . so i closed the deal and in a week later . i was fine with the furniture the house had and only really to do some and dusting . at one point i the couch to vacuum under it and found a folded up piece of paper with some . . . odd red on it . i picked it up and it . it like the person writing it was in a hurry or just had really bad handwriting . i m doing my best to copy what was on it from memory . walnut street survival rule always close the closet door in the bedroom at night . do not open it even though you may hear scratching and whimpering coming from inside . if you realize you have forgotten to close it pretend to be asleep and do not open your no matter what . rule sometimes the shower will randomly turn on . if it does go into the bathroom and turn it off as fast as you can . if blood is coming out instead of water leave the room lock the bathroom door . do not open it until you hear the shower stop running . rule if you see a tall woman with long black hair outside between two and four am lock all the and . if she to come in or on the door do . not . talk to her . she will leave eventually . rule if you hear someone singing from up in the attic pretend you don t hear it and try to fall asleep . if the sound moving downstairs lock yourself in the bedroom and hide until morning . rule if you see a tall man in a cloak outside at three am you are . don t run and you might have a quick death . good luck . i as i finished the . i m not a big believer in the supernatural but at the same time i t want to be the horror movie character who all the and first . later i the above my bed and closed the closet door . then i tried to fall asleep . i the shower turn on . i and to the bathroom . blood was coming out and filling the bathtub . i out and locked the door . then i it . . . wait no ! come back ! don t leave me here ! mommy ! ! ! ! the from in the bathroom continued for a few . i a splash then silence . the shower stopped . i cautiously the door . . . nothing . the bathroom was empty . i must have it . i back into the bedroom and fell into bed . then the scratching from in the closet . i again . it was going to be a long night . i should have just out . part coming soon . as i burst into the clearing of the dense jungle i took a moment to take in my surroundings . lush green vegetation from as far as the eye could see steam through the massive of the banyan as the mid day sun to dry up the rain that just let up an hour ago . here in new guinea tropical could start up in a matter of . then just as quickly as they appear they are gone . by a scorching sun that will dry off your clothes in . my team and i to an especially large banyan tree at the center of the clearing and i to scale it it been days since we on our journey into the and i to my . one of the unique about a banyan tree is the fact that new in its causing younger to grow out of the sides across the trunk like a natural ladder of making it easy to climb . as i the top i my surroundings trying my best to make out and other possible vantage . from what i could see it we were the end of our trek and the nearest village was only a day ' s journey away . just one more night i said to reassure myself . we can do this . i to feel the fear begin to fade away as a small glimmer of hope found its way into my subconscious . that small glimmer was extinguished immediately upon hearing a sharp sound from nearby in the underbrush . clack clack clack . oh god i whispered under my breath . they are here . shortly after graduating i decided to take a few to travel to the pacific . spending most of the time in the south island of new the and . after countless spent classes and various part time it was nice to just take the time to see the wander the long and plan life only one day at a time . there is something special about the pacific island . each one unique in its sort of way and new can be discovered at every corner . each people group from the of new to the of come from hospitable of rich island history . and down from generation to generation . you could spend sitting in a pub or hearing story after story from the and learn about hidden and secret only known by those who lived in the area that you would never find in a travel or . it t long before i about new guinea . a large island nation by the shallow strait from the rest of the continent . i always thought new guinea was in said . a fellow from north whom i met a few days ago in a hostel in new . of course you did a from . you don t know the geography of any country unless it the us of a he said switching to a deep southern hillbilly accent near the end just to piss off . oh sod off you bloody shot back while tossing an empty water bottle in his direction . the rest of us broke out in laughter at the interaction . steven and who was on a lengthy vacation from working it for a large computer company in tauranga . a native kiwi from the north island of new and her newlywed husband also from new who were their honeymoon . lastly a graduated medical student from s university who was the days my funds ran out and i had to inevitably return to my home in canada to begin looking for a job in the medical field . oh yeah they call it the rising spirit of the pacific . said the tourist we had met shortly after in new . we all sat together in a pub the crown and badger for the next few of our trip . they have it all he continued . diving island hidden jungle you name it . it t long before we unanimously decided that was the final destination before we took off on our separate ways . shortly after in port we the about local to see if we could avoid some of the more crowded touristy . diving was out of the question during this time of year the were rough stirring up silt from the bottom making it impossible to see . none of us were feeling like the either as we all learned along the way that they were almost always grossly . it t long before one of the a man told us of the highland region . this location was not only home to of of island but also many small hospitable whose upon their arrival would gladly accept us to spend a night with a hot meal in their the central hut in their village where their would meet . it also doubled as a guest hut to any friendly or who may be passing by . we all decided to make a trek through into the east ending at and taking a private plane by a family member of to take us back to port . we this trip would take less than a week in total which we would spend the remainder of the week on the beach at port drinking south pacific export lager . everyone keen on this idea aside from who would have rather the whole jungle trek and just spent the last week on the beach before to foggy . but after and hearing the of hidden ancient and he eventually and decided to join us . our first day on the trail was mostly uneventful . being so close to the capital we through several near the of the city s capital . the further we got from the city the and we most people traveled by foot or on or dirt . by the end of the day we stopped at a small village right on the of the we were about to cross into . according to the said steven looking down at his device this should be the last village before we enter the jungle . we should make camp here . i told the rest of the group . this is our last day in civilization might as well enjoy it while it i spent the rest of the day double my to see if we had everything exploring the village and some cliff and water from the local corner store . a small wooden hut with a roof and an old coca cola sign from the s out front . bad time of year to be traveling through high said the store owner . an elderly woman with frizzy grey hair . because of the rainy season ? i her curiously . she slightly before yes rain she said with a glassy look in her . rain mud mud trouble trouble pain . i only half listening . we should be alright we are not on spending too much time on the i assured her far away from . she gave me a half smile and her head then back inside to resume fanning herself with a fan made out of dried leaves . as i outside i observe the rest of my with the . being the gentle giant he quickly the center of attention with the . they all stood around him in a big circle giggling and whispering to each other in their native tongue . out with a soccer ball under his arm he had it a while back and left it in his . just in case of an emergency game of footer . he always told us . as the two men to initiate the game with the i saw sitting off to the side with some of the of the village one of the brushed her long hair with some kind of comb and to braid it . the other stood close by watching in wonder as many of them have never seen this close before . they would occasionally reach out and touch her hair at how different it was from their own . that s a good way to get head in his usually grumpy tone . seriously ? said . i m just saying he said defensively . i seen their not a single shampoo bottle insight . why don t you go piss off then she retorted in her thick kiwi accent . go find somewhere else to sulk and moan . and to trudge off to the central hut where we were . i watched steven as he to rig his camera drone to a car battery from one of the . several men stood by and watched at the sleek white miniature aircraft . a loud screech suddenly from the skies and an involuntary jolt shook my body ! i up instinctively toward the source of the sound as i saw a dark winged figure fly over my head . i down low and watched as the cat sized bat its and quickly returned to its perch in the . did you see the size of that thing ? steven running up to get a better look . the flying rodent back at us with its dark beady . that s a pacific fruit bat . he said in amazement . i never seen them that big back in . we all it for a few when the sound of a gunshot broke the silence . in horror as the large bat fell screaming only a few from where she was sitting . a thin stream of blood on her pant leg . quickly ran to her side and to console his screaming wife as one of the men of the village casually up with a machete in hand and a rifle slung over his shoulder . he quickly ended the fruit bats suffering from a quick jab in between the shoulder and the bat went then limp . he then knelt and picked it up and off shooting me a satisfied rotten toothed smile . well i . i had to admire the man s marksmanship given the fact that the bat had to be at least away from where he stood . the man then out to his sitting in the shade of the jungle canopy which in them with laughter . probably a joke at the foreigner s expense . that evening under a red sky we all sat with a few of the village seated in a circle in the where our sleeping and were set up for the night . we with them through a translator one of the village who spoke as they filled us in on their village s history . a coconut shell was around with a brownish liquid inside that muddy water . steven out excitedly and took a sip it to me . try it he excitedly . it s kava ground up from a local root . taking the shell gently from his i took a small sip of the earthy drink . kava was very popular in the of the pacific . the effects were similar to a light sedative the and your mind at ease . a lot of serve the drink in specialized kava where people go to relax at the end of the day . i felt the effects a few later after the shell made its way across the table as my to relax i back on one of the holding up the grass roof of the building and tuned in to the story one of the were telling . ago back before new guinea was discovered by dutch . a local tribe living in the the were at war with a rival tribe . after facing mass genocide at their enemy ' s the were forced to flee into the river . there they in the mud while the rival tribe for them . for days after days they while slowly one after the other each villager in the muddy river . more afraid of the suffering that would be upon them caught by their then they were of . a few days later the enemy tribe the of mud covered men rising from the muddy and through the jungle . thinking that the were they fled in fear back to their home village . for the village was set upon by these mud men . of men woman and disappearing after too far from their in the middle of the night after seeking help from a local shaman they a special ceremony to ward off these . even to this day the river and its surrounding are by and as the of the mud men were on from generation to generation . i felt a shudder as i the of the elderly shop keeper from on that day . rain mud . could this story be what the woman was to when she learned of our on crossing through the territory ? mud trouble . it ' s so strange how a could still have such a strong effect on the local ' s even after all these . trouble pain . my attention was soon to a group of the woman from the smoking where our were being prepared . my stomach instinctively as the smell of meat was brought to my . fish and rice at the table on banana leaves as the smell of freshly to fill the hut . out to begin filling his leafy plate it ' s about time he said hungrily . i m so hungry i settle for anything . the translator gently his hand before it could reach the food . no sir she said urgently this food is not appropriate for . sat back confused and slightly . here is your food now she said as one of the up with a large platter with a light sheet covering it and it before the of us . well let ' s have at it then said impatiently and the sheet off of the plate . to our collective horror what us was the familiar sight of and and black that we saw today . the fruit bat in all its freshly glory . bloody hell as he backed up from the furry cuisine before him . you got to be . i at the seated at the table each one wearing a serious yet puzzled expression . steven in speaking in a low voice . they are dead serious he said quietly . the culturally are extremely generous and hospitable . food a central role as it generosity and prosperity and refusal of food is considered an insult to the host . i at him in horror to see if he was but his face was just as serious as the seated around us . a few tense before broke into a polite smile and told the translator to let the know that they are extremely to be this meal . he then gingerly out with his hand and to tug at the left wing of the bat as if it was a chicken wing . not like that the translator said gently . like this . she out pinching a tuft of fur from the bat ' s then twisted slightly tearing a small chunk of meat from the carcass . uncomfortably then out and took off a chunk for himself . he slowly raised the piece of meat to his mouth and at it slowly . i saw him lurch slightly after the stringy meat before catching himself and quickly . he then at the nodding at them approvingly they all and to resume their dinner time conversation . then for us to dig in especially hard while whispering between teeth remember we ' re all in this together . as each of us to pull at the meat by the of fur i did my best to pick away at the large furry rodent as best as i can . like chicken while gingerly a few loose out of his mouth as inconspicuously as he could . in all honesty fruit bat exactly like it and that smell is piss . do you ever walk into a bathroom that so strong of urine that you can taste it in your mouth ? yeah that s what fruit bat like . but hey diem right ? the next day we said our to the friendly . were each of us was given small and to remember our time together . gave the soccer ball to the before leaving and most surprisingly was given a large necklace made from pink . according to the this was a gift only received by and of hunting . of course this immediately got to ' s head as he to refer to himself as chief for the remainder of the day . you look pretty in pink said really out your . we t hear much from chief after that comment . the rest of the day we made quick progress through the dense of the . each stretch of land like it came straight from a scene of an movie . the land was rich with green vegetation many bearing fruit such as and papaya . or as it forbidden fruit after the effects it took on his bowels after on his first day . it was no wonder so many were fought over this land this place was its very own garden of . steven eventually his camera drone and to fly it over the thick jungle canopy . we all around him watching the screen of his phone as he flew it at least a hundred above us . i m pretty sure that s cheating said jokingly as the river came into view . should be about a day s journey before we reach the river steven said s comment . like a rainstorm is approaching . oh great . and here we could have spent this last week on the beach in the sun but no . we had to get ourselves trapped in a tropical rainstorm in the middle of a jungle . that night as we slept under the cover of and a lean to and i put together . i sat and watched as the rain down heavy like a waterfall . lighting across the sky and the thunder shaking everyone out of sleep from time to time . next to her head resting on his shoulder as he her close trying to keep her as dry as possible in the rainstorm . sat to the center of the tarp sleeping like a rock possibly the only one who to keep dry as s bulky frame lie shivering next to him half of his body exposed to the rain . steven sat next to me in the lean to an game obviously just as hard of a time getting to sleep as i was . as the lightning lit up the night sky and the rain around us the woman s once again rang out in my mind . rain mud . i watched as i thought i saw a few pair of glimmering in the above us . i shone my flashlight in their direction . mud trouble . as my light shone into the i was by the sight of half a dozen fruit bats all staring at us down below with their unblinking beady . trouble pain . when we awoke the next day up our camp and setting off in the direction of the river we were by a dense mist as the sun to dry up the from the night before . it s almost as if it s still night time i said to no one in particular . yeah well welcome to every other day in said sarcastically . steven cursed as he down at his screen . i m not getting a signal over here . must be out of range of the nearest cell tower . well it like we have no choice but to rely on a good old fashioned compass and map . said ever the optimist . as we made our way through the jungle eventually we could hear the sound of water running . we should be getting close to the river i back to the rest of the group as i led the way . as soon as we make it to the river we should be able to follow it upstream until we reach our destination . upon reaching the river we our water from our and to filter water from water filter . i be right back as he to make his way up the river . nature . for the love of god please don t do whatever your on doing upstream . after a few we were all to our as in terror . and i got to our and dashed up to where stood struggling to pull his pants up while facing the water bank . what i . over his and pointed to the river bank . there lie the remains of a human body half submerged in the river its arms and torso resting limply on the riverbank while the lazily in the water current . i swore as the realization suddenly hit me for what i was looking at . don t come over here over his . him over and at the body her already fair skin growing even paler than before . we all sat there for a good few before anyone said anything . could have been an accident ? i said a who lost his footing and in the river . there is no way this was an accident steven said taking a few closer to the body . those on his back look like he was by something . maybe rather than new guinea we should get out of here said urgently . we can t just leave him out here like this said moving toward the body . leave it i can t believe it but i m actually with on this one but he s right . we can notify the island once we get to civilization . come on to steven while one of the arms . let s get him out of the river . just as steven knelt to grab the other arm i movement in the water just a meter or so away from the body . move i as i dove forward the man by the front of his rain jacket and him back from the lake bed as a large snout burst from the water . its shut just away from where we were just standing ago . crocodile steven and he ran to s other side and him to his . together the three of us our friend to safety as the angry croc at us hungrily for a few before snapping onto the dead man s arm and dragging him into the river . i owe you one mate said clapping a hand on my shoulder i t even see him coming a few and i could have been him he said pointing to the corpse whom the large reptile in his as he his death roll in the shallows of the water kicking up mud and silt the gruesome sight . i never knew could be found this far out from the sea steven said in astonishment . well we know now i said grimly . that night as we made camp a fair distance from the river as to prevent running into another scaly killing machine i to steven in . there is something i about the body before the crocodile dragged it away he said to me quietly . those wounds in his back could not have been from a crocodile . i know i said i think we all know but some of us are just afraid to admit it . my mind thought back to the wounds on the man ' s back . deep right in between his shoulder almost like a pronged spear . my mind back to the villager stabbing the fallen bat with his machete in the same spot . the sickening crunch the growing ridged then dropping lifelessly to its sides the light leaving its as it drew its last breath . the next day we onward into the highland . as we to make our way through the mist i t shake the feeling that someone was watching me . do you know that sixth sense you sometimes have the hair prickling on the back of your neck a shiver running through your body your heart beginning to pick up its pace ? yeah that feeling . we grew silent as a sound in the distance could be . clack clack clack clack clack did you hear that in a tone . yeah i m glad i m not the only one . i . i it last night too he whispered . there is something out there and whatever it is making that sound . clack clack clack clack we again as shut his mouth and we to continue down the trail . that night i awoke to a prickling sensation on my left cheek just below my eye . opening my carefully i suddenly felt of little clamp down on my cheek almost defensively . i slowly down trying my best not to move any of my facial as i caught sight of what to be two large antennae feeling around cautiously along the of my . it was then i suddenly what my uninvited guest was . a goliath centipede at least long sat from my cheekbone to my . i remember first hearing about these when the local wildlife on the flight over here . a fully grown goliath centipede can grow up to in length so large that it could prey on large and twice its size . it also had a venomous bite that although not lethal hurt so much that there were from the about the pain being so severe and excruciating that people have to cut off the very limb that was bitten just to be relieved of the pain . then here one was sitting right on my face its pincers only away from my eye . i stood still for several as i eventually worked up the courage to slowly raised my hand to swat it off my face as fast and as accurately as i could . i had one shot at this if i t able to swat it off in one quick strike i could potentially be dealing with one of the most painful in my life right in one of the most delicate of my body . as i eventually drew in one last breath then struck out as hard as i could the giant arachnid off my exposed face the to beat down on the writhing creature with a cooking pot until it no longer . i at the crushed remains for a long time . needless to say i never slept for the rest of the night . my searching the darkness for i thought i could only see out of the corner of my eye making that infernal noise over and over again periodically as the night went on . the next day much to our horror we were by the sight of of muddy surrounding our camp some of them close enough to reveal the were standing right above us as we slept during that night without any of us . muddy also surrounded the camp sight on the lower part of on our and worst of all some on our very own sleeping we were sleeping in that night . something or someone was with us last night . and i m almost certain their were not to check up on our well being . clack clack clack clack after up our camp we our journey once again making sure not to stray too far from our group . it was a while since the last rainfall so the fog was gradually beginning to lift . steven took the opportunity to fly his drone once again to try and get a look at our surroundings and possibly get our first glimpse of what was following us in the mist . as the drone flew over the steven us over as we all around the screen . i saw movement over here he said pointing to a spot on the screen . i m going to get a closer look . as the drone got closer and closer to what to be a human figure standing on the bank of the river it clear what exactly we were looking at . an effigy of a human up by a pike . its body made up from several and straw river weaved around it holding it together . the head was that of an animal skull . upon closer investigation it to be that of a wild boar its large giving it away . whoever made that must be from the same group who have been stalking us i said . i don t understand said steven the figure i saw was moving this t what my camera picked up he was cut off as suddenly the drone spiraled out of control and fell to the ground almost as if it were out of the air . wait where did that even come from he . we watched the last few of footage from the broken lens as a pair of came into the frame . human bare and covered in dried grey mud . we watched in curiosity as the to approach the fallen drone its so silent not even the sound of broken and leaves could be crunching beneath them . it s so quiet i it s no wonder we can never hear them approaching . maybe the was in the crash steven said his voice the hint of skepticism . no living thing could move that silently . clack clack clack clack my heart when the familiar sound was then picked up from phone why does it keep making that noise fearfully . just then we it again this time it t from the live feed . it like it was only several away from where we stood . we all turned to its direction . i could have sworn i could see a figure shrouded by mist staring at us unmoving as still as a corpse . the sound then again this time to our right then one last time directly behind us . they are communicating with each other i said as the realization hit me like a ton of . it ' s their language . i took the first watch that night with . in my i a makeshift spear i my a gift from my father as a graduation present . i thought back to all of those survival we went on together all of the knowledge he on to me on what to do in every outdoor circumstance . everything from how to find true north to your hunting gear . there were not many given our and the short time we had . no time to carve a bow . the most i could do was sharpen a few long sticks burn the with my lighter to harden them makeshift . i also to wedge a disc shaped stone in between a sturdy forked branch a club . given his size and build was the only one strong enough to swing the club with some efficiency . he sat with it sitting across his as he our dark surroundings . i wished my father were here now i thought to myself . he would know what to do in this situation . he would be able to make sense of this whole situation . i stopped and then went back on thought . would he though ? i mean could anyone make sense of this situation ? could anyone be prepared for what might happen next ? look i say between teeth . he then with his head in the direction of what to be the outline of a human in the mist . the figure was crouched low moving slowly and carefully its figure thin and its arms at shoulder length its unnaturally long and pointed . the most thing about its appearance was its oversized head . it to be twice the size of that of a normal human head . it silently making no natural as it no sound of breathing or even the sound of could be from it . i stand by ' s original statement . no living being could be this quiet . this had to be something beyond our understanding . clack clack came the sound from somewhere out of sight . the one in front of us froze for a few . to our surprise it by rapidly snapping its long pointed together in quick succession that mysterious noise we have been hearing all day . after several back and forth between the solitary figure and his in the mist the lone figure moving backward its focus never leaving our direction . before we even knew it we were once again alone . or we to think we were . the next day being the day we have had since reaching the river we immediately set off moving at a pace sometimes to try to put as much distance between us and our . stop please stop from behind us . let s take i to and who were just a few in front of me . we all stopped and to catch our breath . look at this steven said me his . what he me was a loop of the drone footage in slow motion . right when the drone was struck down . from what i saw was a blurry image of what to be the . my heart to race as i in to get a better look . its to be hollow no in its empty . much like a human skull . it also to have exaggerated facial as well . its skin a pale grey just like the we saw before . that can t be its real face i said after watching the loop several times and the screen back to him . it to be some kind of tribal steven said . it a similar resemblance to the worn in during worn by our . and that body paint must be used as some sort of camouflage i added . it did its job considering they were nearly invisible in the mist . perhaps that was why they to never stray too far out of it almost out of fear of being spotted . come on out patiently . if we sit around much longer and we be joining our friend on the riverbank . he had a point the more time we wasted the less distance we put between us and the . the that are what brought me to the top of the banyan tree as i before . i the call from down below . get down here they are coming . it was then that i that within a few of me being up here the mist was already beginning to seep from the damp earth as the sun to dry the previous rainfall . i hurriedly to make my way down the tree careful not to let my slip on its damp surface . as i down to search for the rest of the team i that the mist had now become so thick i t even see the ground . ? i trying my best to keep my voice low . no one . is it possible they were forced to take off before i was able to make it down ? i thought to myself . maybe they just can t hear me over the jungle . it was just then that i caught sight of . the large man sat crouched behind one of the many near the bottom of the banyan tree . he waved his arm in my direction . i back to him the i could see him . i then my up as the universal sign for what in the heck is going on . he by pointing in the direction of what to be two unconscious being dragged off into the mist . and i knew it was them because i s long hair from where i stood . i watched in horror as my two were dragged off by two grey until they were completely out of sight . my immediately went back to the whereabouts of the rest of the team . were they as well ? were and i the only left . my next thought was where the rest of the were and if there were more of them searching for the of our group . as i to continue down the enormous mass of when i felt my foot slip slightly at an unusually slippery branch . as i out to catch myself i the familiar sight of a human handprint right above my hand . a grey handprint . i turned around just in time to come face to face with one of them . he stood there only several away from where i on . its body unnaturally still its masked expression as somber as its empty . i instinctively back as its long clawed hand out to claw at me . several of the long cutting into my shirt as i felt my slip off of the edge of the branch . as i watched the world spiral out of control as i felt the impact from one of the lower catch me in the shoulder the next one in my then the final in the side of my head as i out . the last thing i could remember was the sight of two pale grey bare slowly approaching me as my world slipped away into darkness . i was in my room just like any other . around my father told me to go to bed at pm and said ill go shopping for and will be back around and like every parent he said don t open the door for anybody . so i went to sleep at i felt safe because my brother jerry was home with me or so i thought . when i woke up from my sleep i a loud high screech coming from downstairs i thought just some getting up . around i the get and . i wen to my brother s room but he t there i decided to investigate because curiosity got the best of me i went down slowly and the stopped all of a sudden . i thought to my self dad should be back by now since its almost been when he went to the store . so i went in to his bedroom but he was not there instead there was a large yellow key and i that the basement door a key . i went to try it out sure enough it worked ! i went down there with extra caution . at the bottom it was just and a mannequin and a button ? i decided to press it since my father t home and . would just put everything back where it but instead a passage way up with a long wooden hall way at the end was a door . i went towards the door but before i can reach it it so hard that the ground shook . i still t know what closed that door so hard . i decided to go back to sleep . then in the distance a large shadow humanoid figure with white glowing and at me and i woke up again . the first thing i did is going to check on jerry . he was still sleeping and it was now am . i went back to bed since it was all a dream and it was not real i thought to myself . i woke up again but instead i booming coming from down i got excited because i thought dad is back ! ! ! . i downstairs only to find large black non human foot it sent a cold shiver down my spine when it led to the basement . then the came on warning this is an emergency broadcast made by your local news station . large black humanoid have been random and so far nobody . military been in several area in all some were out within a few . then it a picture of what the creature like just like the one in my dream . then the camera was to an military personal . we still don t know where they came from or what they desire for on this earth . the military is doing their best to protect the nation and its people . we learned the the creature s handprint will disappear to hide their identity . now i was in danger the were fresh and when i turned around the were gone . nowhere to be seen . just then the signal went out i as fast as i could to brother s room . but he t there i locked his door closed the and went to sleep in the closet . i woke up around because my brother s clock is ahead of the actual time . when i the door it was silent almost too silent a knock at the door made my heart jump out of my chest then i a familiar voice it was dad ! i t care whats behind or of me i to the door but before i it something t feel right . then he said sweetie please open the door for daddy i my trying to run away from those . still not sure so i out the window that s not dad thats the creature . i as fast as i could to my room locked it and made a makeshift barricade . i said to myself maybe i can sleep through this . i went to my and went to sleep . but i t so i m writing this down since i have nothing to do . if your reading this i pray for your safety and may god bless you hope you find somewhere safe . a stream of yellow light through a three inch slit near the top of the steel door . occasional were usually in unison . three days . i been provided a pen and paper . my are starting to adjust . one night i was dead asleep on the concrete floor . suddenly two broad men with face burst into my cell lifting me by each arm . i thought this was it . crime never goes unpunished here . they sat me in another concrete room a table was in the middle of it with a chair on each side . they sat me down and me to the chair . after an twenty i coming from the hall . a small man in a dress shirt and holding a the room . are you hungry ? i said nothing . he the on the table . thirsty ? the man at me for a couple of and then a folder . let s see . criminal huh ? the man . i was asleep . not exactly . he . no i was asleep and police busted in my apartment and took me here . i have no idea why i am here and i want a lawyer . i don t think you can find a lawyer that is well versed in astral . the man said with a smile . what ? can you provide me with your name and age please ? he . ray . old . and what were you ray ? what ? i in bewilderment . when we busted in the door what were you ? i a second to look back in my mental . i can t remember . i jog your memory for you . you were in the of southwestern when you on a vault door . you saw the vault door was unlocked . you went inside the vault . what did you see inside the vault ray ? i can t remember ! am i under arrest ? ! that s your decision . he . we both at each other for a second before he back at the file . here he his glasses here that you have been telling your about your odd lately . how would you know that ? the man and then got up from his chair . are you ready ray ? ready for what ? ! the man snapped his . i felt an immense amount of bodily pressure and suddenly my glossed over into an array of colors that i t even know . just like that we were in a grassy field on a sunny day . what is reality ray ? how the did you do that ? ! i m trying to tell you . what is reality ? he again . i don t know . reality is three square in the back of your brain . the man snapped again . now we were in a castle and an army of black was towards us . reality t some concrete thing . reality can be . right in front of your . he snapped again . we were on another planet deep in the solar system . ray i work for people that can do amazing . we found you because we think you are one of us . xb xb to be continued . " come on dude she ' s so hot ! just climb the big tree right next to your fence she ' never see you ! " tony half whispered half in excitement . clearly the pack we in under was starting to take its toll on our decision making . " i don ' t know man . . . i ' m now i ' go to jail if i get caught ! we ' re not . . . " i could see the disappointment in his face at my answer . " yeah you ' re right besides you ' gotten pretty boring in the last couple . . . " he said as his . apparently that was all drunk me to convince me to spy on my neighbor . . . " you no i ' m not ! i ' do it you ' see just how boring i am ! " i before my last beer to smash the empty can on the top of my head after finishing it . it was a fail and i rubbed my sore spot . tony and as if i just agreed to do one of the man had ever done . i a bottle of water and a couple slim ' s before heading out my back door . ' t end up myself during a drunken moment . i the back door and was to see it was still light out . i shielded my to block the blinding from the sun . " what time is it ? " i tony before walking outside . " . . . " he dug in his searching for his phone before it out a few later . " it ' s only in the afternoon ! " we both burst into laughter . my house dark due to me being a rd shifter and sleeping during the day . in our drunken stupor it felt like it was midnight . since there was no way i could sit in the tree for before it got dark tony made the decision to walk up to the local convenient store and buy more beer . after he got back we drank nearly all of it and were blast . before we knew it it was and fairly dark outside . we quickly decided to stick to the plan and i was going to sit in my tree until a . m . to see if i could catch a glance at amber ' s hot neighbor or ass . we knew it was childish and highly illegal but at the time it like a great idea . " remember if it works i ' m sit up there next weekend ! " tony whispered loudly as i snuck through my . " ! " i him angrily . i turned back around and clumsily snuck up to the big tree by the fence mine and yard . the tree was full of and leaves and actually like it was hide me pretty good . " this is prefect for ! " i whispered as i my body up the first branch . the tree was easy to climb even in my drunken state . it ' t take long until i was high enough to see over the fence . to my surprise there was a decent sized gap in the prefectly sized for me to see into her house . right away i could tell it was her bedroom by the dresser and t . v . " yes ! " i my fist in the air . i and had to catch myself from falling . after getting my grip i decided it would be wise to sit as still as possible so as not to be seen . i sat for probably out of my mind before i finally seen her bedroom door slowly opening . my whole body and my heart to pump furiously . this was what i was waiting for . amber into view wearing what to be a white shower robe . my heart in excitement . this was exactly what i was for . i the branch i was holding on to and in excitement to finally catch a glimpse of my neighbor in the nude . she slowly to her dresser as if teasing me . after reaching the dresser she the top drawer and searching for what i thought was clothes . i was to see her pull out what like an old musical box . she set it on top of the dresser and at it for what felt like straight . i was very confused as to why she was just standing there staring at it like she was frozen in place . finally she as she slowly out to a handle on the side of the box . it like she to turn the handle as if winding it like a musical box . " . . . " i whispered to myself . kind of weird i guess over a music box in middle of the night but hey whatever . . . now get naked ! i remember thinking to myself . after winding it up for maybe a minute or two she let go of the handle . to my surprise the handle to unwind by itself and the lid slowly to open . i in confusion as a what like a head to rise out of the box . i was getting more than out . once the head was fully out of the box i felt run down my spine . it was a perfect replica of my neighbor . it so real i could ' swore it was her actual head inside that box . i in horror and watch as the head its revealing pure white no or nothing . then it turn its head directly to where i was sitting and the biggest grin i ' ever seen in my life . my heart pounding in my chest everything about this felt wrong . i slowly from the head in the box to actual head . " holy ! " i and practically out of the tree twisting my ankle as i landed . i to my and limping towards my back door . when i got about from my door i scratching at the fence by a loud thud in the dirt . " tony ! ! " i at the top of my as i desperately the rest of the way to my house . heavy behind me as she chasing me . thankfully i the door and flung it open and practically dove inside . i back with my foot and the door shut sending of pain through my hurt ankle . just as the door shut she into the other side with a loud thud . " tony ! " i at the top of my as i up and locked the dead bolt . she against the door trying her to get inside . after another minute or so the banging stopped . i closely as i tried to get my panting under control . i ' t hear anything . i sat for at least before i worked up the courage to look out the small window to the left of my door . i a huge lump in my throat as i slightly peeled back the corner of the curtain . i breathed a huge sigh of relief . i my way into the living room where tony lay out on my floor . i over angrily and shook him as hard as i could . " what the ? " he groggily clearly still drunk . " dude what the ! why ' t you answer me ? " i angrily . " i was sleeping man i ' m tired . . . " he said with one eye open . i was extremely off but ' t really be mad at him . it ' s not like he knew some up like that would happen . i told him everything i saw and he basically told me i was seeing that i fell asleep and dreamt the whole thing . i tried to argue but the more i thought about it the more it made sense . i mean i did drink like through out the day . . . after talking for another we decided to try and get some sleep and surprisingly i slept like a baby until noon the next day . i was by loud knocking at my front door . i ran to the door and it to find police . after talking with them i found out my other neighbor from across the street was found dead in his garage this morning . he was found with almost every bone in his body broken . they me if i seen or anything last night and i told them i did not . i was not about to tell them about my experience that night . they ' d either list me as a suspect or lock me up in a crazy home . after talking with them for a while they left and over to my other house house . . . i thought about everything that and decided that in fact i ' t . i really did see what i saw and now realize i have a huge problem . amber i know and right next door . i ' m completely . . . i ' m going to stay at tony ' s house for a few nights and try and come up with another place to live . i don ' t think i can ever go back there . wherever i do move though i know one thing i won ' t spy on my neighbor again . . . what if i told you that right now there is an enterprise built entirely on unimaginable human suffering ? its core facility just like you and i in forcing them to move in repetitive over and over again for on end with no escape possible . even the relief of eventual death won t save them . their have designed to keep them alive indefinitely even . considering their great value to the company they will stop at nothing to maintain them as long as possible . this hellhole is known as the human zoo . it is not about in the of course . it is a place designed for only very special of the highest of elite classes . with incredible power and all the in the universe them to enjoy this cruel display . i say universe because the of this place do not come from just earth . at the facility s entrance there is a gateway where various from across the galaxy and perhaps even further may enter from . i am sure you are wondering how i know all this . well believe it or not i was born there . i did not even know i was human at first . it took me a while to figure that one out . my youth was essentially spent staring out my enclosure s window watching as the in at me . i to notice that some of them like me and radically different . however without understanding anything else about the world around me it meant very little . once i my display was to appear as if it was a traditional suburban household . the primary focus being the kitchen portion . they trained my mate and i through the use of shock to operate the kitchen in the most visibly appealing manner possible . the we were all just for the show . that was the unit i spent the most of my existence in . it is hard to say now but it was probably twenty . i was given several throughout that time but there was only one that meant anything to me . she was very beautiful but also sad . i don t think she had the mental fortitude it to live in the human zoo as long as she did . we t speak all that much considering at the time i t really know how but i could somehow understand the sadness from deep within her . she was not born in the facility she was brought in from the outside and eventually to lose touch with reality . she would murmur the i m sorry little bear to herself over and over again . until one day}{